Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Lancaster General Health/Penn Medicine for being a finalist in the 2015 McGaw Prize for Excellence in Community Service. Lancaster General was the only Pennsylvania health system to be recognized for this honor. Lancaster General was singled out for its work on community programs for the chronically ill, the Amish community, and those dealing with tobacco and obesity issues. Recently, the health system launched a communityled effort called Lighten Up Lancaster that works to increase obesity awareness and weight loss. For the Amish, Lancaster General offered a special free immunization program for children in the rural areas. The Hospital and Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania said Lancaster General Health/Penn Medicine has fully recognized that a relationship with the community is invaluable and key to improving health and wellness. It is welldeserving of this national recognition. Lancaster General used the $10,000 prize money to pay for technology to track and coordinate its social services. Congratulations, Lancaster General Health/Penn Medicine. 
FLINT RESIDENTS DESERVE ACTION BY THEIR GOVERNMENT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my hometown of Flint is still facing a crisis: 100,000 people still cannot turn on their tap and have access to safe drinking water. This Congress faces a multitude of public health crises—Zika, the opioid epidemic—but Congress must also do its job and act on Flint to aid the people that I represent of my hometown that are still suffering and still cannot drink the water coming out of the tap—100,000 people. This is a disaster. It is a crisis that demands Congress to act. Congress 
should do its job and immediately take up the Families of Flint Act, legislation that I have introduced that has over 150 cosponsors, 150 Members of this body cosponsoring legislation that would replace those damaged lead service lines, provide public health service and wraparound services, especially for children who can overcome the impact of lead exposure, but just need help in order to do so. Families in Flint have waited too long. Congress has to do its job and act on the Flint crisis. 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 4 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3832) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent taxrelated identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3832 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016’’. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall establish and maintain an office at the Internal Revenue Service and procedures to ensure that any taxpayer whose return has been delayed or otherwise adversely affected due to the theft of the taxpayer’s identity has a centralized point of contact throughout the processing of his or her case. The office shall coordinate with other offices within the Internal Revenue Service to resolve the taxpayer’s case as quickly as possible. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary’s delegate, shall use the information available under the Do Not Pay Initiative established under section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) to help prevent identity theft refund fraud. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3832, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to urge approval of H.R. 3832, the Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016. I introduced this bipartisan legislation with my friend and colleague, Mr. LEWIS, to combat taxrelated identity theft. On a personal note, it has been an honor to work with Mr. LEWIS. He paid me a great compliment when he said I ‘‘rained passion and truth’’ on the important issue of identity theft. Truthfully, since Congressman LEWIS was first elected, he has been a legislator who has brought great passion and truth to every endeavor of his storied career. I truly thank him for working with me on this legislation. Taxrelated identity theft is an evolving criminal activity that targets innocent taxpayers nationwide and robs the Treasury of billions of dollars each year. I was grateful for the opportunity last month to testify before the Committee on Ways and Means about my experience with taxrelated ID theft. Last year, my personal information was stolen, and someone used that information to electronically file a fraudulent tax return for my wife and me. That return, which included a fraudulent W–2 from the House of Representatives, claimed a significant refund, with the proceeds directed to a bank account outside the U.S. So when it comes to ID theft, I truly understand the impact that it has on taxpayers in northeast Ohio and across the country. I am committed to cracking down on the growing threat, and this bipartisan bill is an important first step forward. I was pleased that two core components from this bill were included in the PATH Act that passed last December. The remaining components of this bill will help further shield taxpayer dollars from thieves and reduce the hardships that are caused by this criminal activity. They include establishing a centralized point of contact at the IRS for ID theft victims. This will make it easier for victims to resolve their ID theft tax cases and ensure a unit at the IRS is held accountable for handling a taxpayer’s case from start to finish. Another one would improve the taxpayer notification of suspected ID theft. When the IRS determines there has been the unauthorized use of a taxpayer’s identity, the IRS would be required—as soon as practicable and without jeopardizing an investigation— to notify the taxpayer and give instructions to the taxpayer about filing a police report. The last one I will mention would require the IRS to submit a study on the feasibility of establishing a program for ID theft victims to be able to opt out of electronic filing. This provision would require the IRS to report back to Congress within 180 days on this issue. I also thank my friend, Mr. PASCRELL , for his work on this issue and for his amendments that were incorporated into the bill during this markup last month. Mr. Speaker, taxrelated identity theft is one of the most pressing challenges that we face in the world of tax administration. This complex and evolving threat requires cooperation from Congress, the IRS, State revenue agencies, and industry stakeholders. While I am aware that not every tax related ID theft problem is best served with a congressional solution, this legislation is an important first step in fighting ID theft and in better protecting victims. I urge all Members to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 13, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I am writing with respect to H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 3832 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 3832 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3832, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 3832. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016.’’ As you noted, the Committee on the Judiciary was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 3832 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Judiciary is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I commend my friend from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) for his work on this bill. As he knows, I have been interested in this issue of tax fraud and identity theft for some time. I am pleased that the bill we are marking up today, H.R. 3832, includes many provisions included in the bill that I put forth, H.R. 3981, the Identity Theft and Tax Fraud Prevention Act. These provisions include having a central point of contact for a victim of identity theft and taxpayer notification of suspected identity theft. In addition, two of my amendments were included in the bill. The first would create a local law enforcement liaison within the Criminal Investigation Division of the IRS. Our police and law enforcement officers are out every day, keeping our communities safe and tracking down criminals. Too often, coordinating their efforts with the IRS when it comes to identity theft is not as easy as it should be. My amendment helps law enforcement officers do their jobs by creating a local law enforcement liaison at the IRS. This position will be tasked with sharing information and responding to local law enforcement when they have information or inquiries about identity theft cases. It is common sense, and it will make it easier for police officers to go to a single place at the IRS when they want to work a case. The second amendment included in this bill deals with the IRS phone scam, and this is growing by the day. Imagine sitting at home when you receive a call from a threatening voice on the other end of the line that claims to be the IRS. For too many Americans, this experience is all too familiar. These criminals may ask unsuspecting citizens for their personal information, for their Social Security numbers, or even for bank account information—that has been done; it is very common—and will threaten them with arrest or other penalties if the listeners don’t comply. These phone scams have become increasingly aggressive and harmful to taxpayers. My amendment addresses this problem in practical ways. First, it requires the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to issue a report that identifies potential technological solutions to the phone scam. 
Second, it would have the IRS provide information to callers who may be put on hold, when calling in, regarding common identity theft tax scams and how to avoid them. We need to do all we can to make sure taxpayers are informed and armed against these scams. Identity theft and tax fraud is a growing problem in the United States of America. As technology changes and as criminal syndicates target American citizens’ tax returns, we have an obligation to address the issue. This bill does not go quite as far as I would have liked, and I urge my colleagues to take a look at H.R. 3981. I am also proud to be a cosponsor of Congressman JOHN LEWIS’ bill, the Taxpayer Protection Act of 2016, which takes additional steps to increase funding for taxpayer services and to end the use of private debt collectors. This bill is a step in the right direction. I congratulate its sponsor as it is a good example of how we can work together across the aisle and find commonsense solutions for the American people. I hope this is a harbinger of things to come. Who knows? I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 3832. Mr. RENACCI and I are very good friends, as I am with Mr. LEWIS, and it is good to see Mr. PASCRELL here today. The gentleman is right in that it is nice to see us working together to do something about people. This is about people. This is policy that concerns people, and it works in the right direction. I don’t think there is anything quite as unnerving as finding out that somebody has stolen your identity. I think Shakespeare sums it up right in Othello by putting it really succinctly when he says: ‘‘But he that filches from me my good name, robs me of that which not enriches him, and makes me poor indeed.’’ b1615 Now, Pennsylvania is sixth in population but second when it comes to fraud, tax fraud. This is incredible that this could happen. As we sit here today—and as Mr. PASCRELL so clearly pointed out, and Mr. RENACCI —this is about protecting people from people who wish to do them harm. They not only wish to take their tax returns, but it robs them of their identity. There is nothing that could be more chilling than losing your identity. As we look at how this goes forward—and I think that this phone fraud is the one that is particularly interesting. When the IRS calls on you, it is not on the phone. It is in writing. And I tell constituents all the time, I also have received those calls saying that: Hey, you know what? You need to get in touch with us right now. We can handle this over the phone with you. I said: Fine. You know what? Leave your name and number, and I will get back to you because I am really busy right now. That is followed by a very quick click. There is so much going on in our world today. We are so vulnerable at every single turn. We put so much information out there on ourselves. This is a piece of legislation that protects people. It protects not only their returns, but protects their identity. So I am glad that Mr. RENACCI has done this with Mr. LEWIS and my good friend Mr. PASCRELL . We stand here today with the same purpose, and that is to protect the people who sent us here to represent them. It is the least we can do. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to quickly say that what is really happening out there is that many seniors are being preyed upon. When you get a threatening phone call, you don’t know what to think. And when you are up there in age, as some of us are, Mr. KELLY , you don’t know what to expect, and you don’t know who to turn to. So this is very important, what Mr. RENACCI is putting forth right now. I just want everyone to understand that. It has good bipartisan support, and I hope that we can move this very, very quickly. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED). Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle— Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. KELLY —in a common refrain. What Mr. RENACCI , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. PASCRELL have identified here is something we have been working on in the committee for quite some time, and that is to make sure that we have a tax administration and a Tax Code that respects the privacy of individuals. When that privacy is violated—I cannot speak like my colleague from Pennsylvania and quote Shakespeare, as I am a simple country lawyer from western New York—simply, what we need to do is to stand on the side of our taxpayers. When tax fraud occurs, real people suffer as a result of it. What Mr. RENACCI and all of us have come together here to support are simple, commonsense reforms that are going to help people out like Terry. Terry is from Hornell in my district. He reached out to us, Mr. Speaker, about 1
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3832, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REAFFIRMATION OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT AND THE SIX ASSURANCES Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 88) reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of United StatesTaiwan relations, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 88. I would like to recognize Mr. CHABOT  for his longstanding dedication and support for the people of Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan has always been a strong friend and critical ally to the United States. Congress has been central to this relationship, championing a strong relationship with Taiwan through landmark measures like the Taiwan Relations Act and through pressing successive administrations to fulfill their obligation to sell defensive arms to Taiwan. Taiwan is now the United States’ ninth largest trading partner, and it is in the U.S.’ interest to have a stable and a prosperous Taiwan. It is an exciting time in Taiwan. In January, a free and fair election once again demonstrated the strength and vibrancy of Taiwan’s democratic system. And in 3 days, we expect the newly elected President to be inaugurated in a peaceful transfer of power from one party to another. The people of Taiwan should be proud of their prosperous, free, and democratic society and what they have been able to accomplish, despite having to face countless challenges outside of their control. Mr. Speaker, when the U.S. established diplomatic relations with the 
People’s Republic of China on January 1, 1979, the U.S. Congress acted just 100 days later to pass the Taiwan Relations Act, which would ensure that the United States maintained a robust and enduring relationship with Taiwan. Three years later, in 1982, President Reagan deepened the U.S. commitment to Taiwan by issuing the Six Assurances to Taiwan, which included treating Taiwan as we would treat any one of our allies when making decisions on defensive arms sales, not setting a date for termination of arms sales, and not altering the Taiwan Relations Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is especially important when it comes to the Six Assurances. When the Reagan administration delivered the Six Assurances, it was by way of a verbal agreement and has largely remained as such since 1982. Today, by passing this resolution, Congress is going on record that the cornerstone of U.S.Taiwan policy is not only the Taiwan Relations Act, but also the Six Assurances. This important measure solidifies President Reagan’s commitment to Taiwan and urges this administration and the ones that follow to publicly, proactively, and consistently take the Six Assurances into account when handling United StatesTaiwan relations. I am proud that in the 114th Congress we have already passed legislation which supports Taiwan’s inclusion in INTERPOL and that we are now also passing a measure which will reassure our friends in Taiwan and press the administration to continue to abide by the Six Assurances. I am also proud that maintaining a strong relationship with Taiwan continues to be a bipartisan issue. I appreciate Mr. ELIOT ENGEL ’s support on this initiative, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Let me say that, by passing this resolution, we, the United States Congress, are yet again taking another step toward strengthening the U.S. Taiwan partnership. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this resolution. Let me once again thank Chairman EDROYCE and our colleague from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who introduced this measure. At the end of this week, Taiwan will swear in a new President, marking another peaceful democratic transition in that country. I have had the pleasure of meeting the Presidentelect, Dr. Tsai Ingwen, several times as well as the country’s outgoing leader, President Ma. And though they represent different political parties, it is clear that they are both fully committed to Taiwan’s vibrant democracy and open society. Those values are also at the root of the close ties between the United States and Taiwan. This resolution affirms our commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances. These are the measures that have underpinned our relationship with the Taiwanese people since we normalized relations with the People’s Republic of China. As Taiwan prepares for this week’s political transition, it is vital that the United States send a clear signal that we continue to stand with the people of Taiwan on a range of issues, from Taiwan’s defense to its growing role on the global stage, to its commitment to freedom and democracy. So I am happy to support this measure. We should continue to stand with our partners in Taiwan, and I wish the people of Taiwan well as they swear in a new President this week. I might add, it is the first woman President of Taiwan. I urge support for this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). He is chairman of the Small Business Committee, a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the author of this measure. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 88. I was one of the original founders of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus. It was a bipartisan group of people who founded it. I have been the chairman of the Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. I have been a longtime friend of Taiwan. I have been there probably a dozen times over the years. This important legislation reaffirms the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of U.S.Taiwan relations. As a longtime supporter of Taiwan, as I mentioned, I believe that the U.S. Taiwan relationship is absolutely vital to the security and sustainability not just of Taiwan, but of the whole region. Taiwan is a close ally, one that truly believes and practices freedom and democracy. We witnessed this firsthand this past January, as some of my colleagues have mentioned, when the people of Taiwan held democratic national elections resulting in the election of Tsai Ingwen. I want to congratulate her and wish her best wishes in her role as President of Taiwan. Taiwan elects their people democratically, unlike the PRC right across the Taiwan Strait. As we know, China has been bullying Taiwan for many years now. It is unfortunate that the PRC, China, doesn’t follow, as an example, the people of Taiwan, who democratically elect their leaders. b1630 Taiwan faces an unrelenting threat from China, which has nearly 1,600 ballistic missiles aimed at this small island. I remember when I came to Congress about 20 years ago, we talked about how scary it was that there were a couple hundred, 200 or 300 missiles aimed at Taiwan at that time. That has increased over the years to 1,600 missiles aimed at Taiwan from China. Although Taiwan enjoys de facto independence, China’s ultimate goal is to take over Taiwan, to annex Taiwan, whatever the people of Taiwan believe. We absolutely cannot let that happen. China’s ultimate goal, as I say, is the annexation of the island. We have all seen the growing hostilities in the East China Sea and South China Sea over the last couple years. I believe that this legislation underscores the point that the Taiwan Strait continues to be one of the potential flash points on the globe. We have seen China literally building islands and then militarizing those islands, much to the chagrin of all their neighbors in the region, from Japan to Vietnam, to Taiwan, to the Philippines, and on and on. That is what the PRC, China, has been up to. Any sort of solution between China and Taiwan should be reached in a peaceful and fair manner and only with the agreement of the people of Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, April 10, 2016, marked the 37th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act, the TRA. This act codifies into law an institutional framework and legal basis for continued interaction between the U.S. and Taiwan, and it serves to maintain peace and stability in the western Pacific. When President Ronald Reagan agreed to sign the U.S.China third communique in 1982, he was aware of the communique’s effect on Taiwan and fully recognized that Taiwan needed to be reassured that they would not be abandoned—and they will not be abandoned—by the United States. In order to reinforce American support for Taiwan, the United States issued the Six Assurances. The Six Assurances provided a framework for sustaining the unique relationship between the United States and our ally, Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, they are as valid today as they were back in 1982. They rightfully function along with the TRA, as cornerstones of U.S.Taiwan relations. I encourage my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, it is important that the democracies of the world stand together to help strengthen freedom, justice, and opportunity. That is why the United States and Taiwan have been such natural partners over the decades. Even as we deal with the People’s Republic of China, we must continue to stand with our friends in Taiwan. Again, I am delighted that Dr. Tsai Ingwen is the first female President of Taiwan. Perhaps we will follow suit in November with the first woman President. This resolution reaffirms just how important that relationship is; and as Taiwan moves forward with this week’s political transition, that country’s people should know that they have an enduring friend in the United States. 
PROVIDING AUTHORITY TO MAINTAIN AND OPERATE A TOLL BRIDGE ACROSS THE RIO GRANDE Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2143) to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2143 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and to extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2143, the StarrCamargo Bridge act, introduced by Senator CORNYN and by Representative CUELLAR of Texas. With today’s passage, this bill goes to the President’s desk for signature. The StarrCamargo Bridge act grants permanent authority to continue operating and maintaining the international bridge that connects Rio Grande City, Texas, with Mexican cities such as Monterrey and Mexico City. This bridge is one of 28 vehicle border crossings on the TexasMexico border and one of two privately owned crossing facilities. The StarrCamargo Bridge has had continued growth in commercial traffic since 2009, and it plays an important role in facilitating legitimate trade and travel in the region. This bill, S. 2143, would permanently extend the authority for the Starr Camargo Bridge Company to operate the bridge. It would grant the bridge company the same rights and privileges already granted to this body to the B and P Bridge Company in Progreso, Texas. By granting this authority, we would be incentivizing the StarrCamargo Bridge Company to continue maintaining and expanding the bridge’s capacity to keep up with growing trade and commerce along the Texas border with Mexico. This legislation received the full support of the Committee on Foreign Affairs when it was marked up last month. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me once again thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for bringing forward this bipartisan measure and for his continued good leadership on the committee. I also want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), my good friend, who introduced the House version of this legislation which has already passed the Senate. When it comes to our southern neighbor, Mexico, lately we have been hearing far too much about building walls. Mexico is a critically important partner to the United States. Our people share long, close ties, so we should be talking about building bridges, Mr. Speaker, not building walls. A few weeks ago, the Senate helped build a bridge by confirming a new Ambassador to Mexico, Roberta Jacobson. This was long overdue. She is excellent, and we are glad to have her on her way to Mexico City now. Today, with this bill, we are talking about, quite literally, strengthening a bridge between the United States and Mexico in the years ahead. The Starr Camargo Bridge connects Rio Grande, Texas, with Monterrey and Ciudad Camargo in Mexico. The legal authority to operate this bridge will expire in 16 years. That may seem like a long way off, but as a result of that end date, we have already started to see a constraint in longterm investments. This bill would eliminate that expiration date. We have done the same thing before. The WeslacoProgreso International Bridge once had a sunsetting authorization, and Congress acted to lift that deadline. This bill doesn’t cost the U.S. taxpayers a penny, but it does clear the way for this bridge to remain an important conduit between our countries for years to come. It also sends an important message from those of us actually responsible for making laws and advancing American foreign policy. Mexico is an extremely important partner to the United States, and bridges—not barriers—will help that friendship to thrive. I support this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank Chairman EDROYCE for his leadership and for the help of his staff on this particular bill. Also, I thank my friend, the ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL , and his staff also for supporting and helping us on this particular bill. As the lead sponsor of this bill, I rise in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this bill will provide equity in the law and removes a level of uncertainty. In 1962, Congress authorized the StarrCamargo International Bridge Company to construct, operate, and maintain the private toll bridge between the United States and Mexico near Rio Grande City, which is a city in my district. Congress, in drafting this original authorization, included a sunset clause of 66 years. In doing so, Congress left a level of uncertainty in the law, as it did not state what should happen to the bridge once the 66 years went by. Congress has authorized private toll bridges or other bridges along the U.S. Mexico border before, yet previously had not included this sunset on the authorization. This sunset clause, while still a number of years away, has already begun to create issues for the owner and operator of the Starr Camargo Bridge bill. Due to this uncertainty around what should happen to this bridge should the authorization lapse, they are unable to get muchneeded longterm financing to make improvements and finance the longterm maintenance and operations of the bridge. This bill will give the StarrCamargo Bridge permanent status. The StarrCamargo Bridge plays an important role in our Nation’s commerce and the economy of south Texas. The bridge supports 200 to 300 commercial trucks per day, consisting of construction materials as well as fresh fruits and vegetables coming north and machinery, oil, and recyclable products going south. The bridge further supports the crossing of around 4,000 cars a day. Today the United States trades an estimated $531 billion in goods and services with Mexico, our Nation’s third largest trading partner, and this trade is only expected to grow in the future. In order for our Nation to take 
full advantage of this trade, we must be clear in these sorts of uncertainties in the law. This bill, by ending the authorization’s sunset, will afford the bridge greater opportunities to pursue and finance projects that will enhance and expand the capacity of the bridge and supporting facilities and further improve trade between the United States and Mexico. I would like to thank Senator CORNYNfor working with me on this legislation and for taking that lead and, as I said a few minutes ago, Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support as well as their staffs. I also would like to thank local leaders, Starr County Judge Eloy Vera and State Representative Ryan Guillen, for their support of this legislation. I ask my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, again I want to emphasize that Mexico is a vital partner to the United States in terms of trade, security, and a wide range of regional concerns. We need to keep all the channels between our countries flowing, and that includes the physical connections between the U.S. and Mexico. This bill would help strengthen an important bridge between our countries and, at the same time, signal just how important we consider this friendship. I support this measure. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to thank Representative CUELLAR for his steadfast leadership to ensure the House’s consideration of this legislation and that we move forward on this. I thought I would also point out that this bill comes at no cost to the taxpayer. What it does instead is incentivizes the private sector to invest and maintain this important commercial border crossing. That is the point here. While the actual end date for the bridge’s authority is still some years away, the lack of that permanent authority has already begun to constrain the financing of longterm improvements that will help make the crossing more efficient and secure. So I thank Mr. CUELLAR again and, also, Mr. CASTRO and Mr. P OE, both members of the committee who have also been strong supporters. I thank Mr. ENGEL for helping to ensure that our border infrastructure is maintained and modernized to keep pace with the growing legitimate commercial activity across our southern border. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2143. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FRANK R. WOLF INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1150) to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1150 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Title VII of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6481 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, 18 years after enactment of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, the right to believe and practice one’s faith remains under threat around the world. The threats come not just from authoritarian regimes obsessed with control, such as North Korea, Iran, or Vietnam, which were the focus of that law, but also from lethal terrorist groups. Two months ago this Chamber made history by declaring that the socalled Islamic State, or ISIS, is committing genocide against religious and ethnic minorities. It has committed mass murder, beheadings, rape, torture, slavery, and the kidnapping of children, among many other atrocities. ISIS dynamites churches and flattens ancient monasteries, hoping to erase the very existence of religious groups that disagree with their brutal world view. Boko Haram in Nigeria and al Shabaab in East Africa are also responsible for their own deadly persecutions, both also linked to ISIS in their support for that terrorist movement. These groups have turned religious intolerance into a murderous force of global instability. The right to believe and practice according to the dictates of conscience is a direct challenge to their ideologies. Thus, religious freedom is not just a human rights issue; frankly, today, it is a global security issue. However, current law related to religious freedom, which focuses solely on governments of sovereign states, does not address this reality. Based on years of oversight and multiple hearings, H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, updates the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the coordination and effectiveness of U.S. efforts to promote religious liberty around the world and also expressly addresses the role of these non state actors like ISIS. Introduced by Subcommittee Chairman SMITH and Congresswoman A NNA ESHOO , the bill was amended and agreed to by the Foreign Affairs Committee and has more than 115 bipartisan cosponsors. It is fitting that this bill is named in honor of our former colleague from Virginia, Frank Wolf, a tireless advocate for human rights and the author of the original International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, which we are amending. By enhancing coordination, confronting nonstate actors, and improving reporting and training, H.R. 1150 is a helpful refinement of our statutory commitment to combat religious persecution around the globe. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 13, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2016. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1150 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1150 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s report to accompany the legislation, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 12, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Financial Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1150 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, May 13, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2015. As you know, 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on February 27, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1150 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding Sincerely, JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 12, 2016. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1150 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me again thank Chairman EDROYCE for bringing this bill forward. I also want to thank my friend, Congressman CHRIS SMITH of New Jersey, for his leadership and for authorizing this bill. Mr. Speaker, freedom of religion has been a bedrock principle of open and democratic societies for centuries. Some of the first immigrants to settle on American shores sailed here because they were fleeing religious persecution at home. This liberty is enshrined in our own founding documents, in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and in the charters of democracies all over the world. The freedom to worship as a person chooses or not to worship at all should be settled business and nobody’s business but the person themselves. Yet, around the world religious communities endure discrimination, persecution, and violence. It is amazing to me that, when we look at the history of strife and war that has swirled around religious persecution, governments continue to deny this freedom to their own people. This assault on religious liberty holds societies back and undercuts progress. It obviously has no place in the 21st century. So for the United States and other countries that cherish freedom, it is not enough just to guarantee religious liberty to our own people. We need to speak out and act when we see this right under attack around the world. For that matter, we have a responsibility to speak out when we see any liberty under attack, whether freedom of the press, the right to organize, or the equality of LGBT persons. Mr. SMITH’s legislation would help ensure that promoting and supporting religious liberty are a component of American foreign policy. It would help ensure that our diplomats around the world understand the importance of this issue and are working to advance this freedom on the front lines. It is worth noting that we should also continue to fully fund the State Department’s Human Rights and Democracy Fund, which helps address a range of human rights abuses around the world, including threats to our religious freedom. Together with this legislation, it sends a clear message to the world that protecting human rights is a priority for the United States. So I support this measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I again want to congratulate my friend Mr. SMITH, who is so strong on issues like this and so forceful in pushing forward all the way until we finally got this on the floor of the House. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and the author of the bill. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Chairman ROYCE , for his leadership on this bill, the markup, and for the very timely recommendations he and staff made to improve it. I would like to thank ELIOT ENGEL  again for working hand in glove in a good, bipartisan effort to protect international religious freedom. As my good friend, Chairman ROYCE , noted a moment ago, 18 years ago Congress had the foresight to pass the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. That landmark bill, authored by Congressman Frank Wolf of Virginia, made advancing the right to religious freedom a significant and profoundly serious U.S. foreign policy priority. Passage of the International Religious Freedom Act was not easy. There were determined opponents in Congress and in the Clinton administration. I know. I chaired the congressional hearings and the subcommittee markup. It was no cakewalk. But our opposition was overcome by the courage, tenacity, and vision of Frank Wolf, bolstered by a diverse, bipartisan, and ecumenical coalition of Members of Congress, ethnic minority and religions groups, and human rights organizations. That coalition has reassembled to support this bill today, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act. I want to especially thank ANNA ESHOO , who is the principal Democratic sponsor of this legislation, for her leadership and for working particularly in the Middle East to combat the savagery that is being imposed upon people of minority faiths, including Christians. b1700 I thank her for her leadership and, again, for being the principal Democrat on this bill. Let me just note that naming this bill after Frank Wolf, who I consider to be, and many of us consider to be the William Wilberforce of modern times, is an attempt to recognize his extraordinary life’s work promoting human rights, 34 years as a Member of Congress, including, and especially, religious freedom. He now serves as the Wilson Chair at Baylor, again, continuing his lifesaving work for religious believers all over the world. He just returned from Nigeria and testified at our hearing last week. He was in the embattled states in northern Nigeria, where Boko Haram runs free, massacring people. He was there on a factfinding mission to promote religious freedom. Mr. Speaker, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act that is before us is a series of upgrades to meet the challenges of the 21st century. We know that the world is experiencing an unprecedented crisis of international religious freedom; a crisis that continues to create millions—no, tens of millions of victims; a crisis that undermines liberty, prosperity, and peace; a crisis that poses a direct challenge to the U.S. interests in the Middle East, Russia, China, SubSaharan Africa, and elsewhere in the world. The Pew Research Center notes that over 75 percent of the world’s population today lives in countries where severe religious freedom abuses occur annually. According to Pew, instances of antiSemitism are at a 7year high. It is getting worse everywhere, particularly in the Middle East, but also in Europe and in the United States. Mr. Speaker, ancient Christian communities in Iraq and Syria are on the verge of extinction, and other religious minorities in the Middle East face a 
constant assault from the Islamic State. Several weeks ago, this Congress passed a resolution, sponsored by JEFF FORTENBERRY , that was followed by a declaration by Secretary of State John Kerry, that said that ISIS has committed, and continues to commit genocide, mass atrocities and war crimes against Christians, Yazidis, and other minority faiths. We are on record. We know it is happening. We are speaking out. In a couple of weeks, I am chairing a hearing on what is next; what should we be doing next to combat this terrible, terrible crisis. In Nigeria, the Islamist terror group, Boko Haram, is believed to have killed over 6,600 people last year alone, mostly Christian, but there are Muslims as well who are being targeted. According to the testimony we received last week, since 2009, the number is about 15,000 year to date since 2009. Mr. Speaker, at one of those hearings a few years ago, I had a man named Habila. Habila, I met him at an IDP camp in Jos, Nigeria, where a lot of churches have been firebombed. He told me this story. He was credible, and it checked out. And he came to Congress and testified. Boko Haram put an AK–47—a terrorist—to his jaw and said: Renounce Christ or I will kill you. You must become a Muslim on the spot. Habila said: I am ready to meet my Lord. And this terrorist pulled the trigger and blew most of his face away. What courage, what faith for a man. And when he told the story, you could have heard a pin drop. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom just released its 2016 annual report. And let me note, parenthetically, USCIRF, or that Commission, was also created by Chairman Wolf as part of IRFA, the original bill. They have found that the abuses committed by governments and non state actors has ‘‘deteriorated.’’ ‘‘The incarceration of prisoners of conscience’’—they point out—‘‘remains astonishingly widespread . . .’’ They point out that ‘‘Over the past year, the Chinese government’’—as just one of many examples—‘‘has stepped up its persecution of religious groups’’—across the board: Tibetans, Uighurs, Muslim Uighurs, Christians, and, of course, the Falun Gong. I spoke in midFebruary at NYU, I gave a keynote there in Shanghai, and talked about how Xi Jinping, the President of China, is in a race to the bottom with North Korea to make religion absolutely subservient to the Communist Party. He calls it the sinification of religion; and what was already a bad situation has now become demonstrably worse. The Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act will upgrade the tools so that this administration, and subsequent ones, can do an even better job to try to mitigate and, hopefully, end religious persecution. It does this by, one, requiring that international religious freedom policies be integrated into national security, immigration, rule of law, and other relevant U.S. foreign policies. It creates a Designated Persons List of individuals sanctioned for participating in or directing religious freedom abuses. It expands diplomatic training on international religious freedoms for all State Department diplomats; creates a tier system for IRFA, for the reports, not just countries of particular concern, of which there are currently 10, but also those that are on a watch list, those that are bad and, perhaps, getting worse. It gives the President authority to designate nonstate actors in addition to countries; and it also requires the Ambassador at Large to report directly to the Secretary of State. It also is increasingly clear that religious freedom diplomacy is really needed to advance U.S. interests around the world. This will do it. The legislation is backed by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the International Religious Freedom Roundtable, a diverse and ecumenical group of individuals from the faith community. Finally, just let me thank Scott Flipse, who worked for Frank Wolf previously, then he worked for the International Religious Freedom Office at the State Department, and now is working at the China Commission; our General Counsel, Piero Tozzi; Janice Kaguyutan, I thank her for her work on this; and Sajit Gandhi. This is a true, bipartisan piece of legislation and, hopefully, the Senate will favorably receive it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, Mr. Speaker, in closing, we focus on human rights as part of our foreign policy because it is the right thing to do. The United States is founded on the idea that an individual should be able to live according to his or her own beliefs. That is a value we want to see thriving around the world. Advancing human rights is also the smart thing to do. Countries with a strong respect for human rights are countries that prosper and play a constructive role on the global stage. I want to again say to my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), when he comes for advancing human rights, he takes a second seat to nobody. He is indefatigable when it comes to these things. In all the years I have known him, he has always been fair and honest. I really sincerely commend him, and know how heartfelt it is and how much we appreciate his hard work. When we see governments stifling religious freedom, or any freedom, we have a responsibility to speak out and make it clear that the United States remains a champion for these basic liberties. This bill helps us to live up to that responsibility, and I am proud to support it. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ), our esteemed colleague, who ably represents the district formerly served by Frank Wolf, who is honored in the title of this bill. Representative BARBARA COMSTOCK is a coauthor of this bill with Mr. SMITH, and I thank them both. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, ask human rights and religious freedom advocates to name their most steadfast friend who has served on Capitol Hill over the years, and Representative Frank Wolf, my predecessor, is always on the short list, as are my colleagues here today. So I am honored today to stand in support of a bill I proudly cosponsored, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, named after the distinguished gentleman who served in this seat for the 10th District of Virginia, and as the cochair of the Congressional Human Rights Caucus, and a man whose deep faith and commitment to human rights and religion freedom were a large part of why he was known for years here and around the country, and even around the world, as the conscience of the Congress. He wrote a book, a powerful book, titled a ‘‘Prisoner of Conscience,’’ about his many trips over the years and how he fought for religious freedom; and I hope he doesn’t mind if I recommend that book to our listeners here. We continue to be blessed with Congressman Wolf’s passionate leadership as he leads the 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative to create a world where religious freedom is recognized by nations across the globe as a fundamental human right. Since leaving Congress, Mr. Wolf has continued to travel to the front lines to see, firsthand, the plight of ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria, including Christians, Yazidis, Kurds, and other minority religious groups. As previously mentioned, he has just returned from Nigeria. He continues to shine a light every day on the dark places where men and women and children, even, of faith are victimized, tortured and, tragically, even killed for their faith. He will not let the world look away, and we thank him for his continued work and his strong and muchneeded voice. Now this legislation amends his own legislation to continue that mission that Mr. Wolf so valiantly fought for for 3 decades here in Congress. It will improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally, with stronger and more flexible political responses to a disturbing and growing denial of basic religious freedoms around the world. 
As has been said by many, Frank Wolf is the William Wilberforce of our day. He is, and has always been, a voice for the voiceless. He once said: ‘‘Most would agree that conscience rights figure prominently in the narrative of America’s founding. Historically, Americans and our corresponding institutions have recognized that conscience is not ultimately allegiant to the state, but to something, and for many people, Someone, higher.’’ I appreciate the opportunity today to continue that legacy with the passing of this important legislation which will continue his important and vital mission and legacy; and that is needed now, more than ever, for so many of the reasons that my colleagues here have highlighted. I thank the gentleman so much for the privilege of addressing and cosponsoring this legislation. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for their contributions to this bill and to today’s debate, especially Mr. SMITH, Congresswoman B ARBARA  COMSTOCK and Mr. E NGEL . The right to believe and practice one’s religion according to the dictates of conscience is often called the first freedom. It is one of the founding ideas of our Nation, but we do not believe that it is only an American value. Rather, this is what we believe here. We believe it flows from the inherent dignity of every human person, and it deserves protection everywhere. In today’s world, those who are most violently opposed to religious freedom also pose the biggest threat to our Nation. They also pose the biggest threat to civilization worldwide. Thus, the promotion of religious liberty is not some isolated human rights concern. No. It is a key component of our national security. And this bill, now authored by Mr. SMITH, H.R. 1150, contains important updates to the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 that will enhance the effectiveness of the United States’ efforts to promote that liberty around the world, so it deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1150, amending the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act. I support this measure because the right to freedom of religion has been a cornerstone of the American conscience. Many of our country’s first leaders fled religious persecution abroad and went on to establish laws protecting religious freedom. This core belief of our great nation does not stop at our national borders; we offer refuge to those suffering from religious persecution throughout the world. A testament to this commitment was the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 which was a landmark piece of legislation seeking to make religious freedom a higher priority in U.S. Foreign policy. The Act was approved by Congress unanimously in 1998 and signed into law by President Clinton. The Act condemns violations of religious freedom and promotes and assists other governments in the promotion of the fundamental right to freedom of religion. While strides have been made in establishing worldwide practice of freedom of religion, it is currently under attack. Let me also note that people are being prosecuted under blasphemy laws for freedom of expression, which is why I introduced the bipartisan measure H. Res. 290, calling for the global repeal of blasphemy laws. I support H.R. 1150 because we must continue to work to preserve religious freedoms as well as making sure that religion is not a pretext for prosecution or persecution in the world. Indeed, one of the key amendments to IRFA would be to relocate the Office of International Religious Freedom within the Office of the Secretary of State. This action would allow for greater coordination of strategic focus and the minimization of duplicated efforts, streamline mandates, and centralize efforts to engage religious communities and promote human rights more generally in regards to religious freedom. Currently, the office is headed by the Ambassador atLarge for International Religious Freedom which monitors religious persecution and discrimination worldwide to develop policy recommendations, programs, and awareness. Besides being placed in the Secretary of State’s office, the Ambassador at large would be able to make every effort to collaborate and coordinate across all U.S. agencies and departments to formulate strategic religious freedom policies, programs, and activities. These two changes will provide a greater ability for us to advance religious freedom throughout the world. H.R. 1150 will also allow us to assist emerging democracies to implement freedom of religion while also helping older partners maintain their freedom of religion practices and conscience. H.R. 1150 calls to ensure that our diplomats and foreign policy experts are well versed in the importance of religious freedom and how to address atrocities related to religion. H.R. 1150 also addresses how to improve our ability to promote freedom of religion by enhancing the capabilities and knowledge of our diplomats. Our Foreign Service Officers (FSO) are on the front lines everyday carrying out American foreign policy while also shaping it, which makes sure that they are adequately trained on religious freedom. H.R. 1150 directs the Secretary to develop mandatory religious freedom training for all Foreign Service Officers. This major change will enhance FSO capabilities to identify severe persecutors to help assemble the Ambassador’s Annual Report on International Religious Freedom. In addition to the Annual Report, H.R. 1150 calls for an updated lists of persons that are currently being persecuted and forced to renounce their faith. This is essential in bringing awareness to countries that need to be monitored or that have nonstate actors that have high levels of detainment, disappearance, torture, or murder based on someone’s religion. Another key aspect of H.R. 1150 is to enhance engagement and coordination with the executive branch on issues pertaining to international religious freedom policies and global religion engagement strategies. This would be achieved through amendment of The National Security Act of 1947, calling for the appointment of a Special Adviser for Global Religious Engagement and establishing the Interagency Policy Committee on Religious Freedom and Engagement. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support adequate funding in order to enable rapid and decisive efforts of supporting democracy and preservation of human rights. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1150, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1715 REQUIRING COMPTROLLER GENERAL TO ASSESS OPTIONS FOR DISPOSITION OF PLUM ISLAND ANIMAL DISEASE CENTER IN PLUM ISLAND, NEW YORK Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1887) to amend certain appropriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1887 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, after my remarks, I will include an exchange of letters between the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security regarding H.R. 1887. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1887, which suspends an appropriations provision in order to ensure that all necessary information is accessible before deciding how to move forward with Plum Island Animal Disease Center. Since 1954, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate’s Plum Island Animal Disease Center has served the Nation in defending against accidental or intentional introduction of foreign animal diseases. In 2005, DHS announced that Plum Island would be moved to a new Federal facility in Kansas. While DHS will eventually move the research conducted, Plum Island will continue to operate until the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility is fully operational and a complete transition has been made in 2022 or 2023. The gentleman from New York, Representative ZELDIN , my friend, introduced H.R. 1887 with strong bipartisan support from the entire Long Island and Connecticut delegations in both the House and the Senate to stop the sale of Plum Island. DHS recently undertook a study on alternatives for the disposition of Plum Island. As amended, H.R. 1887 suspends the sale of Plum Island until a thorough review of the analysis of alternatives is conducted by DHS and GAO. The bill before us today requires GAO to review the DHS study and report to Congress on whether the methodologies DHS uses adequately support the Department’s findings. If those methodologies are found lacking, GAO must study possible alternative uses for Plum Island and possible costs associated for the transition and cleanup of the island. H.R. 1887 delays the sale of Plum Island until GAO reports its findings to Congress, allowing for a complete understanding of possible options for Plum Island once the Animal Disease Center functions are transitioned. This bill ensures consideration of all options for the disposition of the island. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May, 12, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 1887, a bill to amend certain appropriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York.’’ This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 1887, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1887. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1887 and yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since 1954, the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in New York’s Long Island Sound has served as the primary laboratory in the United States responsible for research on foreign animal diseases of livestock, such 
as footandmouth disease and other animal diseases that could be accidentally or deliberately introduced into the United States. At Plum Island, the Department of Homeland Security works with the Agricultural Research Service and Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service within the U.S. Department of Agriculture to research and develop new vaccines and diagnostic tests to respond to animal disease outbreaks. On September 11, 2005, DHS announced plans to develop the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility, or NBAF, as a stateoftheart biocontainment laboratory to replace the Plum Island facility, an aging facility nearing the end of its lifecycle. After undertaking a multiyear site selection process, DHS selected a site in Manhattan, Kansas, for the NBAF. It is slated to begin operations in 2022. This brings us to H.R. 1887. The focus of this bill is to deal with the question of what to do with Plum Island once DHS no longer needs it. DHS is currently studying the range of options for disposition of the property, including transferring it to another Federal agency, a State or local government, or a nonprofit organization for the purposes of education, research, or conservation. In doing so, DHS is expected to assess the full implications of each option, including cost, cleanup, and hazard mitigation. H.R. 1887 requires the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, to assess whether DHS’ forthcoming study is adequate to support its findings. In the event that the study is lacking in a key area, GAO would be required to conduct its own study on that issue or issues. Importantly, H.R. 1887 prohibits the sale of Plum Island operations until at least 180 days after the required reports in the bill have been submitted to Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), my distinguished colleague. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and Mr. T HOMPSON as well for both speaking in favor of this legislation, H.R. 1887. Plum Island is not for sale. The whole purpose of this legislation is to prevent the sale of Plum Island by the Federal Government to the highest bidder. Situated at the gateway of the Long Island Sound, Plum Island is treasured by my local community. As a critical resource for research, approximately 90 percent of the land on Plum Island has been sheltered from development, offering Long Island a diverse wildlife and ecosystem and a critical habitat for migratory birds, marine mammals, and rare plants. With recorded history dating back to the 1700s, Plum Island is also an essential cultural and historical resource as well. Since World War II, Plum Island has been utilized as a research laboratory. The facility, which has been under Federal jurisdiction since 1899, has since grown to become what is known today as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. In 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, which currently has jurisdiction over the island, announced that the Animal Disease Center research would be moved to a new Federal facility: the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility in Kansas. To offset the cost of the relocation, a law was enacted that called for the private sale of Plum Island to the highest bidder. However, due to costs associated with the cleanup and closure of Plum Island and because of local zoning restrictions, the Federal Government would receive little compensation for the sale of Plum Island. Allowing for continued research, public access, and permanent preservation of the island, H.R. 1887 will reverse a 2008 law that mandated the sale of Plum Island. The bill, as amended, will commission the Government Accountability Office, in consultation with the Department of Homeland Security, which currently owns the island, to formulate a comprehensive plan for the future of the island. This plan will include possible alternative uses, which can include transfer of ownership to another Federal agency, the State or local government, nonprofit, or combination thereof, for the purpose of education, research, and conservation. Just less than 3 weeks ago, on April 28, 2016, H.R. 1887 was marked up with an amendment and passed out of the House Homeland Security Committee with unanimous bipartisan support. Currently, 24 Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber have signed on as cosponsors of this bill. I see the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) is here. He has long been championing this issue since before I got here. I would especially like to thank House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY and House Homeland Security Committee Chairman MICHAEL MCCAUL for both taking such a direct, personal interest in helping with this effort in the House. Their leadership is very much appreciated. I would also like to thank all the locally elected officials, groups, and concerned residents on Long Island and elsewhere who have moved heaven and Earth to raise awareness of this cause and help recruit cosponsors. I encourage all my colleagues to vote in support of this critical bill. Hopefully, the Senate also passes this long awaited legislation in earnest so that the President can sign this proposal into law this year. I have had the opportunity to visit Plum Island. It is a place where you feel as if you are thousands of miles away from Long Island. You have the history of Fort Terry, the coastline, the dunes, the waterways, the water hitting the rocks, and the seals. You literally feel as if you are nowhere near the Northeastern United States. It is a treasure, and it is one that should be protected. Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful for this Chamber’s considering this legislation and hopefully passing it unanimously. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to, first of all, thank Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi for his interest and support in this measure, even though he hails from a part of the country which is far away from the Long Island Sound. But, again, going back to his days on the Agriculture Committee, he clearly knows the forensics of this legislation, and, again, his interest and support is much appreciated. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) for bringing this bill up today. Again, Long Island Sound, maybe, is not right on your radar screen, but as Congressman ZELDIN said, it is an incredibly special place, a tidal estuary which separates Connecticut from New York, and it is within the New York territory. Frankly, it is a very small, densely populated area, and the interest level on both sides of the Long Island Sound in terms of passage of this legislation is off the charts. I again want to thank Mr. ZELDIN for his efforts. Again, this measure started in 2013 in response to the GAO report that basically signaled that the sale of this island was on the fast track, and it really took persistence up until today’s vote on the floor to make sure that we stop that process, as Mr. ZELDIN indicated, and send the message that Plum Island is not for sale. Again, because of its unique history, the activity that took place there with the Animal Disease Center made it unsuitable for residential development and commercial development, but sort of the outcome of that is that this incredibly rich diversity of biology has sprung up there. Like the gentleman from Long Island, I have had the opportunity to visit there, and it is as if you were in a different world. That is something that we can never take for granted, particularly in a part of the country where, again, there are tremendous amounts of sea traffic, maritime activity, and economic activity. To try and, again, basically preserve this 840acre parcel with its incredible richness is something that really will live on for generations and, really, I think, will make the 114th Congress memorable, certainly in terms of that region, for many years to come. Again, like the gentleman from New York, I want to say that the external pressure which was brought to bear by municipal officials and by folks from 
Save the Sound—that is an umbrella group on both sides of the Long Island Sound—and the Connecticut Fund for the Environment, again, is what really kept the interest level and the pressure on both delegations to make sure that this didn’t get lost in the process and allow that mandated sale to move forward. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of this bill, and, again, with the gentleman from New York, am determined to make sure that this moves as quickly as possible through the Upper Chamber and is signed into law by President Obama, sending a message to all the individuals and groups that are so interested in preserving Plum Island that, in fact, we, again, have taken it off this sort of conveyor belt and we are going to make sure that it gets the careful treatment that it deserves. At the end of the day, it is going to basically preserve this for generations to come. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1887 has broad bipartisan support. It will ensure that, before DHS disposes of Plum Island, there is a thorough vetting of all the options. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support Mr. ZELDIN ’s bill, H.R. 1887. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1887, repeals the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security I support this bill because the safety record of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center is unparalleled. The Plum Island Animal Disease Center is a United States federal research facility dedicated to the study of animal diseases. It is part of the DHS Directorate for Science and Technology. Since 1954, the center has had the goal of protecting America’s livestock from animal diseases Throughout the history of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center, there have been no accidental releases of infected animals to the mainland. The Animal Disease Center on Plum Island has conducted first rate scientific research on a variety of infectious animalborne diseases, including footandmouth disease, resulting most recently, in the development of a new cell line that rapidly and reliably detects this highly debilitating disease of livestock Mr. Speaker, in addition to the Animal Disease Center Plum Island contains cultural, historical, ecological, and natural resources of regional and national significance. Importantly, the Federal Government has invested hundreds of millions of tax payer dollars over the last two decades to make long term improvements with respect to the conservation and management needs of Long Island Sound and Peconic Bay. Mr. Speaker, preserving historical and geographical entities play a pivotal role in maintaining homeland security and the sustainability of our ecosystem and health of our community. I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1887. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1887, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Comptroller General of the United States to assess a study on the alternatives for the disposition of Plum Island Animal Disease Center, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4743) to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4743 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4743. The National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016 allows the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to work with a consortium, including the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, to support efforts to address cybersecurity risks and incidents. This bill allows DHS to engage with a consortium to assist the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, or NCCIC, in providing training to State and local first responders in preparing for and responding to cybersecurity risks and incidents. An example of a consortium DHS may work with under this bill is the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, or NCPC. The NCPC provides State and local communities with the tools they need to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from cyber attacks. The consortium also evaluates communities’ cybersecurity posture and provides them with a roadmap to correct deficiencies in the security of their information systems. Based out of the University of Texas at San Antonio’s Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security, the NCPC membership includes the University of Arkansas, the University of Memphis, Norwich University, and Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service. DHS is responsible for carrying out significant aspects of the Federal Government’s cybersecurity mission. The Cybersecurity Act, which was recently signed into law, allows DHS to actively share cyber threat indicators and defensive measures with the private sector by affording liability protections. DHS’s National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center is responsible for facilitating crosssector coordination to address cybersecurity risks and incidents. H.R. 4743 allows DHS to work with any consortium, including the NCPC, in a number of activities, including providing technical assistance, conducting crosssector cybersecurity training and simulation exercises, and helping States and local communities to develop cybersecurity information sharing programs. Allowing DHS to work with organizations already supporting State and local cyber preparedness and response will provide additional support to State and local entities. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4743 allows the Department of Homeland Security to utilize universitybased consortia to help provide cybersecurity training and support to State, local, and tribal leaders, including first responders. There is strong bipartisan support for this legislation, as introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). H.R. 4743 authorizes DHS to use consortia to provide State and local governments with universitydeveloped cyber training and technical assistance, including for the development of cyber information sharing that jurisdictions in need can use. Recent studies reveal that organizations at the State and local level describe their cybersecurity programs as being in the early and middle stages of maturity, and 86 percent of State and local respondents identified managing cybersecurity risk as one of their most stressful jobs. By partnering with consortia, DHS can make a meaningful impact on raising the levels of cybersecurity on the State, local, and tribal levels. Importantly, H.R. 4743 requires DHS, when selecting a consortium for participation in its cyber efforts, to not only take into account the prior experience of the institutions that would be conducting cybersecurity training exercises, but also the geographic diversity of the institutions participating in the consortium. The inclusion of geographic diversity should help reach more States and localities. Moreover, I am pleased that the bill requires DHS to do outreach to colleges and universities, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanicserving institutions, and other minorityserving institutions about opportunities to provide researchbased cybersecurityrelated training exercises and technical assistance. Mr. Speaker, States and localities need the ability to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from cyber events as they would have any other disaster or emergency situation. For this reason, I support H.R. 4743 and urge passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), my distinguished friend and colleague. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue and for yielding me some time. I would like to also thank the ranking member and my colleague from San Antonio on this piece of legislation that is so important to our hometown. It is no secret that cyber attacks are on the rise, and the unfortunate reality is that everyone is vulnerable. The costs of protecting your network and properly training communities on best practices in a digital world can be burdensome. As we all know, State and local communities, in many instances, do not possess the same digital resources as the Federal Government. States and communities need the ability to detect, respond to, and recover from cyber events just as they would any other disaster or emergency situation. That is why I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 4743, which will allow DHS to coordinate with a handful of universities that have been leading the way in cyber preparedness. One of these universities, the University of Texas at San Antonio, is located in my hometown and serves many of my constituents. Another leader in this field is none other than my alma mater, Texas A&M University. Building upon their great work and the breakthroughs of others across the country will be crucial to protecting our digital infrastructure at all levels. This will help us ensure that our first responders and government entities are adequately prepared for a significant cyber event. I thank my colleague from Texas for his attention to this issue. I fully support H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), the author of this bill. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member THOMPSON for yielding me this time and for his support of this legislation. He and his staff have been terrific partners in moving this bill forward. I would also like to thank my fellow Texans, Chairman MCCAUL, Congressman HURD, Congressman R ATCLIFFE , and also Congressman RICHMOND , who is not a Texan, but is a wonderful person here in our body, for all of their work on this issue. Every day our Nation faces a growing number of potentially debilitating cyber threats. Our retailers, our banks, government agencies, military operations, and everyday private American citizens all face these threats. We must ensure that our defenses are as strong as possible because of that. I represent San Antonio, a national leader in the cybersecurity field. Institutions in San Antonio do cuttingedge cyber work that keeps our Nation safe. For example, the University of Texas at San Antonio leads the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, which helps communities across the Nation improve their cyber defenses. It is critical that localities understand the impact cyber attacks could have on their ability to function and are prepared to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from harmful cyber incidents. UTSA and its cybersecurity consortium are educating communities about these cyber threats and helping them develop the defenses they need to successfully withstand a cyber emergency. 
This legislation allows consortiums like UTSAs to work more closely with DHS to address cybersecurity risks and incidents at the State and local level. This collaboration will bolster our cyber preparedness and keep us one step ahead of cyber attackers. Mr. Speaker, again I would like to thank the Homeland Security Committee’s leadership for their partnership on this legislation and also all of the staff, both Republican and Democratic, who helped bring this to the floor. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the inspiration for this bill was important work being done by the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, a group of five universities led by the University of Texas at San Antonio that has helped to raise cyber preparedness at the State and local level by evaluating communities, cybersecurity postures, and providing them with a roadmap to correct deficiencies. While this consortium is making an important contribution to cybersecurity, there is an enormous need for training and technical assistance around the Nation. With the enactment of H.R. 4743, more institutions will be able to partner with DHS to provide such critical assistance. As such, I urge passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4743. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016. This bill allows the Department of Homeland Security to work with a cybersecurity consortium to carry out training, technical assistance and simulation exercises for State and local officials, critical infrastructure owners and operators and private industry. The National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, based at the University of Texas San Antonio’s Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security, provides researchbased cybersecurityrelated training and exercises to increase cybersecurity preparedness across the nation. Other members of the Consortium include the Texas Engineering Extension Service in the Texas A&M University system, the University of Memphis, the University of Arkansas System, and Norwich University. Last December, I helped usher through the landmark Cybersecurity Act of 2015. That legislation helps protect our nation’s private sector and federal networks which are under continuous threat from foreign hackers and cyber terrorists. H.R. 4743 will be a value add in better securing the Nation’s overall cybersecurity preparedness. Locally, first responders and government officials as well as critical infrastructure owners and operators and private industry are bombarded with cybersecurity threats in the same way as at the federal level. Helping organizations working to incorporate cybersecurity risk and incident prevention and response into State and local emergency plans is just one of the elements this bill encourages. Allowing DHS to work with organizations like the Consortium, will ensure more tools are available back at home for those working to prepare for and combat cyber attacks on a regular basis. I support this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016, because it will establish an important resource to ensure that private sector entities are better prepared to protect against cyber threats. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am well aware of the threats posed by cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and this bill takes an essential step to strengthen domestic cybersecurity. H.R. 4743 establishes a National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium to engage academic, nonprofit, private industry, and federal, state, and local government partners to address cybersecurity risks and incidents, including threats or acts of terrorism. The Consortium may provide training to State and local first responders and officials to equip them with the tools and skills needed to prepare for and respond to cybersecurity risks and incidents, including threats and acts of terrorism, in accordance with current law. I thank both Chairman MCCAULand Ranking Member THOMPSON for the bipartisan work done to bring the bill before the House for Consideration. I am pleased that during the Committee markup of H.R. 4743, two important Jackson Lee Amendments were adopted. The first Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 4743 establishes metrics as a measure of the effectiveness of the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium program. Having the information provided by my amendment to H.R. 4743, will allow the Congressional oversight committees to better plan future programs around cybersecurity collaborations that are intended to share knowledge on best practices in securing computer networks from attack. The second Jackson Lee Amendment added an additional objective of the bill, a directive that should help participants prepare to address continuity of operations. This amendment provides a focus for the Consortium’s work on the issue of continuity of operation, which addresses whether an entity can survive a cyberattack, continue to provide information or services during an attack; or the likelihood that the time to recovery from a successful cyberattack or threat is predictable and reasonable. Just as the attacks on the morning of September 11, 2001 came without notice so may a major cyberattack. In March, of this year, U.S. Attorney General Lynch announced ‘‘wanted’’ notices for a group of Iranian hackers the United States believes are behind a 2013 computer intrusion of a small New York dam and a series of cyberattacks on dozens of U.S. banks. There are many companies offering continuity of operations services to companies large and small with the intent that they will be there to support their clients in the event of a cyber incident. The work of the Consortium should go beyond planning to the answering questions regarding the operationalization of plans in the event of an attack or cyber incident. We know that planning is crucial, but we must encourage cybersecurity planning to go beyond the planning process to understand the capacity of an entity’s continuity of operations plans by looking at continuity of operations of service providers should an incident impact an area or industry. I support H.R. 4743, because it provides this assurance by providing critical cybersecurity collaboration among experts and industries that are essential to critical infrastructure operations or have a significant economic presence in our nation’s economy that a cyberattack would have broad repercussions. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4743. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4743, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY STRATEGY FOR INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS ACT Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4780) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy for Department of Homeland Security operations abroad, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4780 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4780, the Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act, offered by the ranking member of the committee, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ). This bill would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress on the Department of Homeland Security’s international programs, including the vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. b1745 The legislation builds off of recommendations made by the Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel that identified security gaps which allow jihadists to get to and from Iraq and Syria undetected. Specifically, the task force recommended that U.S. authorities continue to push the border outward by deploying homeland security initiatives overseas. The DHS has established several international programs that are designed to thoroughly vet and screen such individuals before their travel to the United States. Through its many international programs, the DHS personnel overseas effectively extends our Nation’s borders to increase the security of the United States. Expanding initiatives like the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Preclearance program or Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Visa Security Program could help detect and interdict threats before they are bound for the homeland. For example, the Preclearance program allows overseasbased CBP officers to screen all passengers and luggage before a flight takes off for the United States. The CBP currently has 15 preclearance locations in six countries, including Ireland, Aruba, the Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada, and the United Arab Emirates. However, the foreign fighter threat and travel patterns continue to concern immigration and national security officials. As a result, DHS has announced plans to expand preclearance operations. Other programs, like ICE’s Visa Security Program deploy specially trained agents to diplomatic posts worldwide to conduct additional visa security screening and quickly identify potential terrorists or criminal threats before they reach the United States. Agents provide an additional level of review for persons of special interest or concern, review visa applications, liaise with host country immigration and border security officials, and conduct investigations with a nexus to U.S. travel and security. The program has agents posted at consulates and embassies in more than 25 countries, with additional plans to expand to additional highrisk locations. As the Department of Homeland Security continues to build its international footprint for these and other border security programs, the DHS must ensure that the expansion of international programs is considered with risk, cost, and benefit in mind. This bill would require the DHS to report on the specific riskbased goals for these international programs to ensure that they align with Departmentwide and governmentwide strategic priorities. This additional transparency, including the costs related to international programs, will improve Congress’ oversight of these activities. Additionally, the Department will be required to consider how the deployment of personnel abroad may impact its domestic capabilities as well as to identify barriers for the expansion of international programs. While international programs provide tangible national security and travel facilitation benefits, the growing DHS presence overseas should be built upon the foundation of a long term strategy that guides the Department in the deployment of officers and agents in a riskbased manner. I am confident that the comprehensive strategy that is required by this bill will help ensure that the Department is managing these programs effectively and that Congress has the appropriate insight that is necessary to protect the American taxpayers’ investment in our security. I, therefore, urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4780, the Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act. I introduced H.R. 4780 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy for the Department’s international programs where personnel and resources are deployed abroad for vetting and screening persons who are seeking to enter the U.S. In recent years, the Department has expanded its international footprint through programs such as the Immigration Advisory Program, the Joint Security Program, and the Visa Security Program. In fact, presently, the Customs and Border Protection has, approximately, 800 employees who are posted in 43 countries, and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement has almost 400 employees in 45 countries. DHS personnel who are at overseas locations perform vital vetting and passenger prescreening activities to ensure individuals who are traveling to the U.S. do not pose a threat to our Nation’s security. Looking ahead, the DHS has announced plans to expand the Preclearance program to 10 new locations in the coming years, and ICE continues to expand its Visa Security Program to additional visaissuing posts abroad. I strongly support these efforts to push out our borders through the expansion of these important homeland 
security programs. That said, to do it right, DHS needs a comprehensive strategy to bolster its presence and partnerships around the world. My bill requires just that. Specifically, it requires the DHS to have a 3year strategy that includes riskbased goals, which is a process to ensure resource allocations align with overall Departmental strategic priorities, and a common reporting framework for personnel who are deployed abroad. My bill requires the DHS to not only take into account where it currently deploys resources for these overseas screening and vetting programs and the number of DHS personnel at each location, but also any impacts of these overseas activities on domestic operations, including with respect to staffing at U.S. ports of entry. After 9/11, the attempted Christmas Day attack in 2009, as well as other more recent cases, it is imperative for the DHS and its Federal partners to bolster the screening and vetting of travelers before they arrive at our borders. My bill will help ensure that the DHS has a sound strategy for its efforts to do so. Mr. Speaker, we face evolving terrorist threats, which include individuals who are attempting to use legitimate forms of travel to the U.S. to inflict harm. The DHS personnel who are posted abroad perform critical preemptive operations to make sure that travelers who are coming to our country are thoroughly screened and vetted. H.R. 4780 will help ensure that these important international DHS programs are utilized in a strategic and effective manner to further enhance the security of the U.S. Before I yield back, I would note that H.R. 4780 is a part of a larger legislative package that I am introducing today. Among other things, my package would authorize significant expansions of critical CBP and ICE overseas screening and vetting programs and significant new CBP staffing resources to support overseas program expansion and address domestic staffing shortages at U.S. international airports. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4780. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4780. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4780, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act.’’ This legislation directs the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to submit a comprehensive threeyear strategy for international programs in which DHS personnel and resources are deployed abroad for vetting and screening persons seeking to enter the United States. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security I support this bill because the issue of proper vetting and screening processes’ upon the entry into the country is paramount. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4780 directs the Security Committee of the Department of Homeland Security to use the following strategies to implement this legislation: 1. A riskbased method for determining whether to establish new international programs in new locations, given resource constraints, or expand existing international programs; 2. Alignment with the highest DHSwide and governmentwide strategic priorities of resource allocations on such programs; and 3. A common reporting framework for the submission of reliable, comparable cost data by DHS components on overseas expenditures attributable to such programs. In developing this strategy the Department for health and human services shall secure: 1. Information on existing operations of DHS programs that includes corresponding information for each location in which each such program operates, 2. Analysis of the impact of each such international program on domestic activities of DHS components, 3. The number of DHS personnel deployed to each location at which such an international program is in operation during the current and preceding fiscal year, and 4. Analysis of barriers to the expansion of such an international program. There should be a proper vetting and screening process for individuals entering the country from locations abroad. Border security is an evolving process, and our legislative process must evolve with it. Avoiding recurrences of attacks on the homeland such as the 911 attack is a major reason entry into the country should be heavily monitored. I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4780. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4780, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4407) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4407 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. K ATKO ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Since the tragic events of 9/11, this body has endeavored to better integrate intelligence and law enforcement agencies to react to new and evolving threats and to reduce duplicative efforts and waste. To a large extent, we have succeeded in producing a more integrated security apparatus that properly reflects the terrorist threats of the 21st century. However, we must continue to make improvements to counter fastchanging threats like those posed by ISIS. Mr. Speaker, we are seeing the greatest convergence of radical Islamic threats in history, with more than 40,000 jihadist fighters traveling to the battlefield in Syria and Iraq. Furthermore, the United States faces the highest threat level since 9/11— with open counterterrorism investigations in all 50 States in this great country of ours and with more than 80 ISISrelated arrests in the past 2 years, including one just up the road from my district on New Year’s Eve. With the current threat environment in mind, I offer H.R. 4407, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016. Initially established at the end of 2010, this panel brings together the Department of Homeland Security’s top counterterrorism decisionmakers to respond to threats. However, I led a bipartisan task force, which found that the Counterterrorism Advisory Board, or CTAB, had neither been codified nor had its charter kept pace with today’s evolving terrorist threats. That is why we need to pass this bill—to ensure that the DHS is effectively integrating intelligence, operations, and policy to fight terrorism and that it is quickly exchanging threat information. This legislation formally establishes the CTAB in law, and it makes it the Department’s central coordination body for counterterrorism activities. The bill also updates the Board’s charter to better enable it to confront tomorrow’s challenges today, and it requires the Secretary to appoint a Coordinator for Counterterrorism to oversee the Board’s activities. It is an important change to the current structure. Additionally, the legislation requires the CTAB to advise the Secretary on the issuance of terrorism alerts, ensuring that top counterterrorism and intelligence officials play a key role in developing these critical notices to the public. Finally, H.R. 4407 ensures continued congressional oversight by requiring the DHS to report on the status and activities of the CTAB so that we can be certain it is meeting its mandate. I thank Chairman MCCAUL for appointing me to lead the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which formulated, roughly, 50 recommendations for making our country safer, one of which serves as the basis for this legislation. I also thank Ranking Member THOMPSON and his great staff for all of the work we have been doing to get a lot of these bills passed into law, and I very much appreciate our bipartisan work together. I am proud to say we have now acted legislatively on more than half of the task force’s findings, largely thanks to the hard work of the other members of the task force and their willingness to reach across the aisle and do what is right for our country. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4407, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016. H.R. 4407 authorizes, within the Department of Homeland Security, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board, or CTAB, to coordinate and integrate Departmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism. Since 2010, the internal body, which is comprised of top DHS officials, has helped to harmonize counterterrorism programs and activities across the DHS. H.R. 4407 directs the CTAB to meet on a regular basis to coordinate and integrate the Department’s counterterrorism efforts, and it sets forth the leadership and composition of the Board. H.R. 4407 also requires the DHS to report to Congress on the Board’s status and activities. This legislation is a product of the House Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which learned that the CTAB, which has operated for 6 years, was never authorized in law. b1800 To ensure that the board remains an integral part of counterterrorism policy recommendations and responses across the Department, the task force recommended that the board be codified in law. Codification of the board is consistent with the task force’s finding that information sharing is critical to preventing foreign fighter travel. I believe that the CTAB should be a permanent fixture in the Department to help inform the counterterrorism decisionmaking of future Department Secretaries. As such, I support this legislation, which tackles an important task force recommendation and finding, and commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for introducing it as well as making it here for the hearing of this bill today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, H.R. 4407 will authorize within the Department of Homeland Security the counterterrorism advisory board to coordinate and integrate departmental intelligence activities and policies related to counterterrorism. The board already plays a central and necessary role within DHS. Enactment of H.R. 4407 will ensure that, no matter what happens in the upcoming election or who is the head of the Department, the counterterrorism advisory board will remain intact. I urge passage of H.R. 4407. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I once again urge my colleagues to support this strong bipartisan piece of legislation. It is commonsense legislation, but it is very important to institutionalize things that are working to some extent within the Department of Homeland Security and the counterterrorism advisory board. The tweaks that we have in this legislation are going to make it a good, firm setting for fighting the counterterrorism activity going forward. I do want to note for a moment as well that there have been an awful lot of bills that came out of Homeland Security this term, and the vast majority of those bills have had bipartisan support. I am proud of the work we are doing together with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and we are going to continue to do that moving forward to keep this country safe. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4407, Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016, because it will establish a board to coordinate and integrate DHS’s intelligence, activities, and clarify policy related to its counterterrorism mission and functions. As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security since its establishment, and current Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security this bill is of importance to me. It was said of the George W. Bush Administration by the 9–11 Commission that it did not connect the dots that would have allowed the intelligence and law enforcement communities to detect and possibly deter the September 11, 2001 attack against our nation. We have learned a great deal over the nearly 15 years since Al Qaeda attacked our nation. One of the more important lessons is the need to have coordination and unity of effort among and within intelligence and law enforcement agencies in our battle to defeat terrorists. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, it is National Law Enforcement Week and a time to honor the men and women in blue that risk their health and safety daily to keep our communities safe. The shooting of two officers just this last week in New Hampshire shows us that the danger that law enforcement faces is all too real. Whenever I participate in a police ridealong, I am constantly impressed by the professionalism and the commitment to duty from our police officers. It is important that we recognize their efforts and make sure they have the resources to do their jobs effectively. I was pleased that last week we reauthorized the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program to help local law enforcement agencies obtain potentially lifesaving equipment for their officers. In addition, we passed my bill to provide law enforcement with more tools to find abducted and missing children. Mr. Speaker, we owe a debt of gratitude to the Thin Blue Line and the men and women of law enforcement for all that they do to keep us safe. f 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST HOMOPHOBIA AND TRANSPHOBIA (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. Every year on May 17, LGBT individuals and their allies use this day to bring awareness to LGBT discrimination. Since 2004, this day has expanded to every corner of the world. It is celebrated in more than 130 countries, including 37 countries where homosexuality is illegal, where courageous individuals and organizations are standing up for basic human rights. Sadly, homophobia, transphobia, and LGBT discrimination still exist around the world. Despite last year’s victory for marriage equality, many still want to turn the clock back on equality. North Carolina, Mississippi, and Tennessee’s recent antiLGBT laws cast light on this discrimination. Sadly, these hateful bills are nothing more than Statesanctioned hate. I am proud to have introduced H. Res. 263, supporting the goals and ideals of the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. I would like to thank the 70 cosponsors and encourage all of my colleagues to sign on as cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me tomorrow and every day in speaking out against LGBT hatred. 
RECOGNIZING MARYANN VOLDERS ON BEING NAMED ADMINISTRATOR OF THE YEAR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as cochairman of the Congressional Career and Technical Education Caucus, it is my pleasure to recognize the efforts of MaryAnn Volders, who was recently named Administrator of the Year by the Pennsylvania Association of Career and Technical Education. MaryAnn is the vice president of secondary education at the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology, or CPI, located in Centre County, in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. She has been with CPI for the past 9 years, having previously worked with the Tyrone Area School District. This award is a true sign of Volders’ work in helping prepare students for careers in growing technical fields not only across Pennsylvania, but also across the United States. On a dayto day basis, MaryAnn’s work can include everything from working on a grant to assisting students and teachers—working to create the best possible educational environment at CPI. Her nomination included five letters of support, including one from a student. MaryAnn says a student greeted her with congratulatory roses after she received word that she had won this award and recognition. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the brave men and women who protect New Hampshire. Last week in Manchester, our State’s largest city, a robbery suspect shot and wounded two police officers. Thankfully, Manchester Police Department caught the suspect. Officers Ryan Hardy and Matthew O’Connor are healing. Other police officers who risk their lives every day haven’t been as lucky. Merrimack native, Ashley Guindon, an officer in Virginia, died in the line of duty earlier this year, a day after being sworn in. Ashley’s name will join those on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C. During National Police Week, officers from around the country are here to pay their respects. Today, I had the pleasure of meeting Hooksett Police Chief Peter Bartlett and Jordan Wells of the Portsmouth PD. My friends are on the front lines of New Hampshire’s heroin epidemic. My bill to increase their access to lifesaving antioverdose medication passed the House, and I am a proud partner in a number of efforts to make their jobs easier and safer. A police officer’s job will always be dangerous. This week is an opportunity for us to thank them, particularly those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. 
SECURING AMERICA’S AIRPORTS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of serving on the Homeland Security Committee, and in that capacity I have the oversight for any number of agencies, including the Transportation Security Administration agency, along with our ranking member and ranking member of our subcommittee and our chairpersons. Let me be very clear: we want America to be secured. But I had the privilege of meeting again with the Administrator of TSA, 
and as we watched incidents in Arizona and Chicago, I am very sure that as we build the TSOs and as we work to correct these issues, we could not have a better frontline defense for protecting America. As I have traveled to airports across the Nation and watched civilians or citizens, passengers traveling through, I have seen a smile and a recognition of how important TSOs are. It is important to make sure that equipment works, and it is more important to make sure that we have the right kind of staffing. We are almost 3,000 to 4,000 short of the number of TSOs that we need. It is also important that we recognize that a professional Federal staff is very important, similar to the many other law enforcement agencies that we have. Privatization is not the answer, but efficiency, expediency, good equipment, and training is. I believe we are moving forward to make sure that we have that kind of trained force to secure the American people and secure the Nation’s airports. 
COMMEMORATING SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month we celebrated Small Business Week, a time when we especially recognize the unique contributions small businesses make providing opportunities for citizens. South Carolina feels the positive impact of smallbusiness owners. These individuals represent 97 percent of all employers in our State. I am grateful to represent these entrepreneurs who are dedicated to creating jobs that will help citizens around them have meaningful and fulfilling lives. I appreciate visiting with members of the South Carolina smallbusiness community. I was grateful to tour Dayton Rogers, a plant in Columbia, South Carolina, led by President Ron Lowry, where I was inspired by the enthusiastic personnel. I participated in a roundtable discussion with the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, led by Ben Homeyer about the overreach of government. These meetings made it clear that small businesses are not being supported by this administration because of the burdensome tax regulations. I look forward to working with my fellow House Republicans as we support reforms to reduce regulations and create jobs and opportunities. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. RECOGNIZING REBUILDING TOGETHER WAYCROSS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rebuilding Together Waycross and all the hard work of its volunteers. The Rebuilding Together organization rebuilds family homes for veterans, people with disability, and low income families, with the goal of a safe and healthy home for each person in the community. The nonprofit organization was founded in 1973 in Midland, Texas, by a small group of people who noticed the need to refurbish homes in their community. In the beginning, the group worked on those homes once a year each April, but by 1988, Rebuilding Together gained national recognition. Rebuilding Together now has over 100,000 volunteers who complete 10,000 projects each year and has spread to rebuilding homes in Waycross, Georgia. Rebuilding Together Waycross is one of four Rebuilding Together networks in the State of Georgia. I want to thank everyone who is a part of Rebuilding Together, and especially Rebuilding Together Waycross, for the hard work and for the life changing services that this group has provided to families across America. 
MEDIA IGNORES PUBLIC’S VIEWS ON CLIMATE CHANGE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans are skeptical about the news they receive on climate change. A recent Gallup poll found that 46 percent of Americans believe that the Earth’s natural changes are the primary cause of climate change. Americans are split as to the cause of any climate change. However, the liberal national media only portrays one side of the story. Over the last month, every New York Times and Washington Post article on this topic attributed warmer temperatures solely to human activity. Not one mentioned that natural changes could partially be the cause. What is amazing is that, with all the media bias blaming humans for climate change, half of all Americans still remain skeptical. Americans deserve all the facts about climate change, not just the one side the liberal national media are trying to promote. 
b1915 CELEBRATING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for more than 50 years, May 15 has been recognized as Peace Officers Memorial Day, and the calendar week in which May 15 falls is National Police Week. During National Police Week, we honor those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety and protection of others. In 2016, 252 fallen law enforcement heroes were added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Their sacrifice is not forgotten, and their families remain in our prayers during this week of remembrance. The men and women who dedicate their lives to law enforcement not only keep our families safe, but they also help to preserve the way of life we hold so dear. They walk the neighborhood beats, patrol our streets, and willingly do the dangerous work that make our lives safer. They deserve our gratitude today and every day. f 
MICROSTAMPING LIMITS CHOICE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, tonight I introduced H. Res. 731 expressing Congress’ opposition to laws requiring that microstamping technology be included in handguns. Time and time again, studies have shown that microstamping technology has failed to achieve any reliable effectiveness. A study by the University of California, Davis—certainly no hotbed of support for the Second Amendment— recommended against imposing microstamping requirements, and the creator of the technology participated in a study which determined it did not work reliably. Mr. Speaker, the only real impact of microstamping is to increase costs and make it more difficult for Americans to exercise their Second Amendment rights. Unfortunately, that is the true intent of these laws, not to increase safety, but to simply make it more difficult for lawabiding citizens to own firearms. Even the Ninth Circuit Court agreed—the most overturned court in the country—just today that laws intended solely to prevent Americans from exercising their rights are unconstitutional. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to reject these laws and join me in standing up for the Second Amendment and join on to H. Res. 731. 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous material relevant to the subject matter of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening as coanchor along with my classmate and scholar, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES , from the Eighth District of New York, for tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, Equal Justice Under the Law: Criminal Justice Reform and Challenging the Schoolto Prison Pipeline. Congressman JEFFRIES leads by example. He is a member of the Criminal Justice Task Force, and he has a long personal and professional history of being a Brother’s Keeper. This evening the Congressional Black Caucus comes to the House floor to discuss the current state of America’s criminal justice system and the necessary reform, reform that will allow us to invest in our communities and expand opportunities for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, the schooltoprison pipeline is an epidemic that is plaguing schools across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, the need and appetite to reform our Federal criminal justice system has been building for years, and now it is clear that there is consensus that the time is now to take meaningful action. The schooltoprison pipeline refers to the policies and practices that pushes our Nation’s children, especially our most atrisk children, out of the classroom and into the juvenile and criminal justice system. Far too often, students are expended, expelled, or even arrested for minor offenses that lead to visits to the principal’s office a thing of the past. Statistics reflect that these policies disproportionately target students of color and those with a history of abuse, neglect, poverty, or learning disabilities. Those who are unnecessarily forced out of school become stigmatized and fall behind in their studies, Mr. Speaker. Many eventually decide to drop out of school altogether, and many others commit crimes in their community. Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder discussed the issue in a speech to the American Bar Association in 2013, stating that rigid discipline policies transformed too many educational institutions from the doorway of opportunity into the gateway to the criminal justice system and that a minor school disciplinary offense should put a student in the principal’s office, not in the police precinct. According to recent data by the Department of Education, African American students are arrested far more than their White classmates. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in school related arrests or referrals to law enforcement. Currently, African Americans make up twofifths of combined youth today, Mr. Speaker. In my home State of Ohio, the impact of suspensions and expulsions on communities is striking. In Ohio, a history of prior suspensions from school is the number one factor that leads children to dropping out of school. Children who do not finish high school, as we all are aware, are more likely to end up incarcerated or in our juvenile or criminal justice system and are 3.5 times more likely to be arrested. Approximately 82 percent of the adult population is composed of high school dropouts. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, this is a pipeline that reflects the prioritization of incarceration over education. But, Mr. Speaker, I come today as a member of the Congressional Black Caucus because I believe we can disrupt the pipeline. To do this, we need to be honest about the opportunity gaps that exist across our country and in our schools because you cannot talk about the schooltoprison pipeline without discussing what needs to be provided as economic opportunities. We need better educational chances for our young people. We need more support to our families so that they can do the best job that they can or that they are capable of doing to help support their own children. We must confront prejudices in our Nation head on. That is why initiatives like the White House’s My Brother’s Keeper is so important. My Brother’s Keeper Task Force is a coordinated Federal effort to address persistent opportunity gaps faced by boys and young men of color and ensure that all young people can reach their full potential. Mr. Speaker, lastly, this past weekend I met with the dynamic men of the Columbus chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, in my district and saw My Brother’s Keeper work firsthand. I learned of their many forms of being role models, as being community mentors for atrisk students, particularly young males, who are in need of inspiration and counsel regarding their choice of a life’s career. The mentoring men of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, are men who are doctors, lawyers, government officials, teachers, and entrepreneurs, just to name a few. Mr. Speaker, these men are role models for the community. They bought a house in my district, and they use that home as an anchor to provide opportunities and leadership development, professional networking, and positive reinforcement. Tonight it is important for me to put a face on what we need to do as one small example to stop the schoolto prison pipeline. I salute Philip Shotwell, Polemarch; Richard Crockett, 1st Vice Polemarch; Attorney Byron Potts; Dr. Gus Parker; and Board of Directors Nathaniel Jordan for being men who understand, if we are going to stop the schooltoprison pipeline, we need to look at our own districts. A young man asked them why he should stay in school, and they replied: Young man, you are your own future. We are relying on you to be a lawabiding citizen, educated, selfsufficient, and a good citizen because we don’t want you to be a statistic in the schooltoprison pipeline. Mr. Speaker, tonight you will hear many stories, you will hear facts, and you will hear about legislation. Let me end by saying that I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Safe, Accountable, Fair, Effective (SAFE) Justice Reinvestment Act of 2015, H.R. 2944, a bill that recognizes the importance of mentoring and reducing recidivism and helps offenders think through the decisions that confront them when they leave prison. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ), our chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, a person who has a long background in being an advocate and a fighter for those who are in our communities and faced with many of the things that you are going to hear tonight. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman BEATTY for yielding, thank her for her friendship, and thank her for all that she does not just for the Congressional Black Caucus, but for all that she does for the constituents that she represents back in Ohio and for what she does for all people in America. Let me also thank Congressman JEFFRIES for his great work and his willingness to participate in these Special Order hours. I know that the evening is late sometimes, but the two of them come to the floor and work very hard. I want to spend my few minutes, if I may, Mr. Speaker, talking about just an overview of the criminal justice system. There is no question that the criminal justice system is broken. All of us I think can agree on that. Those on the left and those on the right, all of us even, for different reasons, perhaps, come to one conclusion, that the criminal justice system is in need of serious, serious reform. I know that we are debating legislation here in the House regarding reforming the criminal justice system. Our colleagues over in the Senate are doing the same. But it is time for action. It is time for action on criminal justice reform in the 114th Congress. As many of my colleagues know, I spent 30 years, 30 long years, in a courtroom, half of those as a lawyer, the other half as a judge. Most of the 15 years as a judge I was a trial judge, which meant that I was on the front line in our criminal justice system and I saw it firsthand. I can tell you without question that the criminal justice system in America is in need of serious reform from the top to the bottom. 
We have all heard the statistics, and I am going to repeat them again tonight: 2.2 million Americans are in prison. Of that number, that number is disproportionately African American. That is 25 percent of the world’s prison population right here in the United States of America. Just think about that, Mr. Speaker. We are 5 percent of the world’s population, but 25 percent of those who are incarcerated are incarcerated in the United States of America. We have a serious problem of mass incarceration that must be reduced. But the point that I want to put in the RECORD tonight is that, of those who are incarcerated in this country, 90 percent of those are incarcerated at the State level and 10 percent incarcerated at the Federal level—90 percent incarcerated at the State level. b1930 When we discuss criminal justice reform—and Congressman BOBBY SCOTT is going to be speaking in a few minutes, and he talks about this all of the time, as well as Congresswoman SHEILA  JACKSON LEE—we must not only talk about reform at the Federal level, but we must find ways to require States to reform their criminal justice systems at the local level. We should encourage States to take a serious look at their systems and to seek ways to reduce mass incarceration at the State level without posing any harm to the communities. Too many of those who are incarcerated at the State level are in prison for drugrelated offenses and crimes that don’t endanger the community whatsoever. We should encourage States to enact expungement laws. We get telephone calls all the time—and I am sure my colleagues get the same calls as well— from those who are seeking ways to expunge their records so that young men and women who have served in the criminal justice system can get some of those offenses removed from their records, particularly those offenses that deal with petty crimes and misdemeanors and drugrelated offenses, because when you have these offenses on your criminal record, it prevents young people from getting the gainful employment that they so richly deserve. We also need to encourage States to look at ways to remove criminal charges from criminal records that did not result in convictions. I think most of my colleagues can relate to that. We know that, so often, police officers at the local level will charge a young offender with multiple offenses at the time of arrest, and some of the offenses are not even deserving of a charge. Sometimes police have a tendency to overcharge at the time of arrest. Then when the case finally goes to court, those 10 or 12 charges are reduced down to one charge or two charges; the defendant pleads guilty; and the case is disposed of while the other 8 or 10 charges that are dismissed continue to be on the young person’s criminal record for a lifetime. So often, just the fact that the individual has been charged with a crime prevents that young person from getting a job. So often, it makes a difference. Finally, I thank Mrs. BEATTY for talking about using the court system to punish students. That happens. It happens in every State in America. Our public school systems cannot, and should not, use the court system as a means of punishment for students who have behavioral problems in school. I thank all of my colleagues for all of their work. I thank them for their efforts. I thank them for their tremendous interest in this subject because it is real. We know it. We need criminal justice reform, and we need it now. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Congressman BUTTERFIELD . We certainly agree with you that the criminal justice system is broken. That is why the Congressional Black Caucus is here tonight—to make sure that we are prepared to outline the steps and the legislation that is going to be in the forefront. I thank the gentleman for his leadership in making this a top priority for the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to the gentleman from the Third Congressional District of Virginia. He is a true scholar, an attorney, and someone who is a leader on tonight’s topic. He is someone who has worked tirelessly to make sure that we do more than just come and stand and talk about this issue tonight. He comes to talk about real reform, to talk about making a difference in our broken criminal justice system. He is my friend, Congressman BOBBY SCOTT. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentlewoman. I appreciate the gentleman from New York and certainly the gentlewoman from Ohio for organizing this Special Order to discuss the need for criminal justice reform. Mr. Speaker, we have serious, fundamental problems with our criminal justice system today. For too long, policymakers have chosen to play politics with crime policy by enacting socalled tough on crime slogans and sound bites, such as three strikes and you are out, mandatory minimum sentences, and—if you get it to rhyme, apparently, it is better—if you do the adult crime, you do the adult time. As appealing as these policies sound, their impacts range from a negligible reduction in crime to actually increasing the crime rate. As a result of these policies, the United States, despite representing only 5 percent of the world’s population, has 25 percent of the world’s prisoners and now has the highest incarceration rate of any nation’s, by far, in the world. There are 2.2 million people behind bars in this country. That is triple the number of prisoners we had just three decades ago. At over 700 persons incarcerated for every 100,000 in the population, the United States far exceeds the world’s average incarceration rate of about 100 per 100,000. Recent studies have questioned the sanity of this mass incarceration. For example, the Pew Research Center on States estimates that after about 350 per 100,000, any crime reduction value begins to diminish, and at over 500 per 100,000, incarceration becomes, actually, counterproductive. As I said, our rate is now at 700 per 100,000. These counterproductive effects are created because today there are too many children who are being raised by a parent who is in prison and by too many people with felony records who are unable to find jobs. The impact of our tax dollars is also distressing. The Bureau of Prisons is consuming too much of the Department of Justice’s budget, meaning that the Department has fewer and fewer resources for other programs that can actually reduce crime and enhance public safety. The tough on crime approach falls the hardest on minorities. While the incarceration rate overall in the United States is approximately 700 per 100,000, for Blacks, the incarceration rate is over 2,200 per 100,000; and in some jurisdictions, they lock up Blacks at the rate of 4,000 per 100,000—a rate 40 times the international average. The war on drugs has exacerbated this problem. Over 2,000 Federal prisoners are now serving life without parole for nonviolent drug crimes, and many more are serving unduly harsh sentences for nonviolent offenses. The racial disparities are staggering. Despite the fact that Whites engage in drug offenses at a rate equal to or often higher than that of African Americans, African Americans are incarcerated on drug charges at a rate 10 times greater than that of Whites. We all agree that there is a problem with mass incarceration. So what is the best way to solve it? When reviewing any legislative package called criminal justice reform, I think there are some key principles that we have to address. First, reform must meaningfully address the problem of mass incarceration by significantly reducing admissions to prison and shortening a prisoner’s length of stay. Second, any reform must address the primary driver of the ballooning Federal prison populations, and that is mandatory minimum penalties, especially those for drug and firearm offenses. Third, we must address the disparate impact on race in the Federal criminal justice system that has resulted from the application of many neutrally worded policies and laws. Fourth, reform must address mental health and addiction issues as a public health issue and require intervention and treatment plans to resolve underlying issues that led those to be involved in the criminal justice system rather than implement socalled tough on crime, lock ’em up approaches. Everybody knows that the war on drugs 
has failed. We need to address drug abuse more as a public health issue and less as a criminal justice issue. Fifth, we must provide comprehensive reentry and rehabilitation services and incentives for completing those programs that are found to actually work, with a particular focus on those with the greatest need. Finally, any legislation must be based on research and evidence, not on polltested slogans and sound bites or political negotiations, which are unrelated to research and evidence. How do the current proposals stack up? First, we look at the current bills that have been reported out of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees and notice that they fail to embody any of the principles. In fact, they often take the opposite approach. While these bills reduce the number of admissions and/or length of stay in some limited cases, they also create new mandatory minimums, even new mandatory minimums or mandatory consecutive enhancements. They enhance existing mandatory minimums to apply to people who would not get them under the present law, and they irrationally limit who can benefit from prospective and retroactive relief provisions. It is unknown whether there will be an overall increase or decrease in prison impact at the 10year point after implementation, if these bills pass, compared to doing nothing. The United States Sentencing Commission has been unable to quantify the impact of the expansions or the limitations on relief. So the fact that we do not have the numbers means that we cannot determine whether these bills will have any meaningful effect on mass incarceration. Though the bills do shorten two supersized mandatory minimums, they do not eliminate any mandatory minimum. The Senate bill actually creates two new ones, and both bills create new mandatory consecutive sentencing enhancements, which must be served after any other sentence. Both bills expand mandatory minimums for drug and gun offenses by applying them to people who would not be eligible to receive them today. If the problem we are trying to address is mass incarceration, why are those in the bill to begin with? Neither of the bills will do anything to address the disparate racial impact that pervades our criminal justice system. Federal mandatory minimums, in particular those for drug and firearm offenses, have been studied and have been found to have a racially disparate impact. These bills do nothing to eliminate mandatory minimums. Even though they reduce some, they create new ones, expand others, and create new sentencing enhancements. So the bills may actually make racial disparities in sentencing even worse than they are under present law. Finally, both bills put limits on who can receive prospective and retroactive relief. If you look at the limitations, you will find that they have a racially disparate impact on minorities. On the issue of the war on drugs, both bills also fail to treat drug abuse and addiction as a public health problem. In fact, the strategy used in the bills to address heroin addiction is not a public health approach, for the bills impose mandatory additional prison time. This is not a public health, researchbased approach. On the comprehensive reentry and rehabilitation services to reduce recidivism, these bills have turned science and empirical evidence upside down. They give the greatest incentives for completing the programs to those with the lowest need while categorically barring offenders with the highest risk from benefiting from the rehabilitation programs. This approach not only violates research, but it will exacerbate the current racial disparities in the criminal justice system. Mr. Speaker, there is ample research available to show what credible criminal justice reform ought to look like. For example, Texas—one of the Nation’s most conservative States—recently passed criminal justice reform legislation that was based on research and evidence, and the result was a significant reduction in crime, a significant reduction in incarceration, and a savings of billions of dollars. The SAFE Justice Act—the Safe, Accountable, Fair, and Effective Justice Act—which I cosponsored with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSEN BRENNER ), which the gentlewoman from Ohio pointed out that she is supporting, was based on the Texas model and includes evidencebased prevention and early intervention programs; reducing incarceration even at the State level as well as at the Federal level; comprehensive police training and funding for body cameras, drug and veterans’ courts; a significant reduction in the use of mandatory minimum sentences; and rehabilitation for all of those in prison and secondchance programs for those who have been released. It has broad, bipartisan support. All of the provisions in the bill are fully paid for by reallocating the reduction in mandatory minimums, and it shows that we do not have to accept a bill that fails to conform to evidence and research. Mr. Speaker, criminal justice reform legislation ought to be consistent with the research and evidence that is readily available. From what I can tell, the bills reported out of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees have nothing based in research and evidence and, sadly, seem more concerned about the politics of criminal justice reform, with little regard to actually wanting to end our Nation’s addiction to mass incarceration. The SAFE Justice Act is a better evidencebased approach, which will, if enacted, reduce crime, save money, and reduce racial disparities that pervade our criminal justice system. I appreciate the gentlewoman from Ohio and the gentleman from New York for hosting tonight’s Special Order. b1945 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman SCOTT for clearly articulating to us why we cannot let our criminal justice system remain on this trajectory. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the Congresswoman from the 13th District of California. My colleague and my friend is someone who travels the world advocating for those who live in poverty, advocating for those who are incarcerated in this broken criminal justice system that we are focusing on tonight. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I first thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for those very kind and humbling remarks. I want to thank her for her tremendous leadership and for continuing to come down here each and every week to ensure that her voice, the Congressional Black Caucus’ voice, and Congressman JEFFRIES ’ voice are really put forth so that the people of our country will understand the critical issues before us and the fact that the Congressional Black Caucus is really leading on each and every issue. Congresswoman BEATTY and Congressman J EFFRIES  really have done a phenomenal job. They both have gone way beyond the call of duty, and so we thank them so much for their efforts. Make no mistake—and I think we are hearing this over and over again tonight—mass incarceration is a crisis in our country. The United States of America imprisons far more people than any other nation in the world. When African Americans are incarcerated at six times the rate of Whites, it is no surprise to me. It is no surprise that African Americans constitute nearly half of the total 2.3 million incarcerated Americans in 2008. Together, African Americans and Latinos comprise 58 percent of all prisoners in 2008, even though African Americans and Latinos make up approximately onequarter of the United States population. While our prison population grows unchecked and is growing unchecked, we continue to criminalize our students rather than invest in their education. Right now we spend $10,500 a year to educate a child, but we spend $88,000 a year to keep a child locked up. That is unacceptable. Let me repeat that. It costs eight times more money to keep a child in jail than to educate them and prepare them for a good future. We are not just talking about a few children here. Our country incarcerates five times more children than any other nation in the world. Sadly, two thirds of these kids will never return to school. When we lock up these children, we are essentially throwing away 
the key. Instead of preparing them for a future, we are just getting them ready for a life in a cell. Now, let me be clear, from the moment many of these children are born, they are funneled into the prison pipeline. Simply put, the system is really stacked against them. For instance, one in three African American children lives in poverty today, while one in four Hispanic children lives in poverty. Mr. Speaker, while Black children represent just 18 percent of preschool enrollment, they account for nearly half of all preschool suspensions. Now, Congresswoman BEATTY , we are talking toddlers ages 2 to 5. These kids don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. They are being suspended from school. How do you suspend toddlers and babies from school? Something is wrong with this. So we, I must say, in the Appropriations Committee are trying to address this with the Department of Education. This is immoral. When they get older, African American students are four times more likely to be expelled from school than their White peers for the same offense. More than half of all students who are involved in schoolrelated arrests or referred to law enforcement are Black or Latino. This has a lasting effect and impact on young students. Studies show that students who are disciplined by schools are more likely to end up in the juvenile justice system where their chances of returning to school are slim to none. This is unacceptable. These young people are having their futures ripped away before they even have a chance. We need to change the system and end the schooltoprison pipeline. First, we must start by making serious investments in our young people. We should ensure that all students have equal access to highquality public school education. We must also expand summer youth job opportunities and summer training programs so that our teens have the opportunity to learn workforce skills, contribute to their communities, and start a path to economic opportunity. As a member of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education, we are working to try to make sure that these resources become a priority of our subcommittee, which they, unfortunately, aren’t at this point. We also need to tear down the institutional racism, quite frankly, that is holding students of color back and trapping our young people in a broken criminal justice system. I am reminded of when I was in the California legislature. I was on the public safety committee, and proposals were brought to us, plans for building prisons 10 to 12 years out for kids who are just starting kindergarten. That is what we had to deal with. Now we see what has happened to the prison industrial complex in California. That is why we must work together and pass legislation to end mass incarceration and fix our broken criminal justice system. We need to get rid of these outdated minimum sentencing standards. These are relics from the failed war on drugs and disproportionately target people of color. In California, once again, the three strikes law passed. Of course, I opposed that while in the California legislature. This law has incarcerated young African American men for nonviolent drug offenses 25 years to life. That is 25 years to life for nonviolent drug offenses. We need to repeal that law. We also need to make sure that law enforcement officers reflect the diversity of communities that they police. So we have introduced H. Res. 262, which supports effective community oriented policing and encourages greater diversity in law enforcement. During the last appropriation season, the Congressional Black Caucus worked with Congressman Lacy Clay to direct the Department of Justice to begin collecting training data. Our legislation tracks when officers receive training for use of force, racial and ethnic bias, deescalation of conflict, and constructive engagement with the public. This was just a small step, and we need to do more. With regard to reentry, banning the box is essential. We have worked with the White House to try to make sure that Federal contractors ban the box. We haven’t accomplished that, but Federal agencies cannot now ask for one’s criminal history records. In my district, we do expungement, we do record remedies. We have remedied thousands and thousands of young people who now can go on and move forward with their lives. I want to thank the Family Law Center in Oakland, California, for doing that. We need to go back to the drawing board and repeal the welfare reform provisions that are denied for life. There is a Federal ban for food stamps, eligibility for public housing, and Pell grants for those who have been incarcerated for drug felonies. Now, you know who that targets; primarily African American and Latino men. They don’t even have a second chance when they get out of jail as a result of these lifetime bans. Finally, let me just say it is time to really look at this problem in a big way and to understand that we have to dismantle, not reform—but we have to dismantle this prison industrial complex and start investing in our communities, especially our young children. And we must understand that, in doing this, we have to look at institutional and systemic racism, which is at the core of many of our policies. So this is a fight that we are going to win, but it is going to be because all of us here in the Congressional Black Caucus—Congresswoman BEATTY , Congressman JEFFRIES , Congressman SCOTT, and Congresswoman J ACKSON  LEE, and the entire membership—continue to fight the good fight to make sure that finally we will begin to see a real criminal justice system, which it is not right now. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman LEE. When people ask us why are we doing this today, I thank the gentlewoman for reminding us that the system is stacked against us and that we have had the future of so many of our young folks ripped away from them. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the great State of Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ). She is from the 11th Congressional District. She is an attorney. She has served as a former mayor. She is the immediate past chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. She is someone who gives us advice. I remember her saying to us: Push the envelope because you are the voice for the voiceless. Look at the legislative issues that will make a difference in the lives of others. So tonight we come to talk about equal justice under the law. Mr. Speaker, we come to challenge this House. It is my great honor to yield to Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE . Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. It is a pleasure to watch my fellow Ohioan and friend and the gentleman from New York on this House floor every Monday night bringing the message of the Congressional Black Caucus because indeed they are the people who carry our message to the United States. Mr. Speaker, the schooltoprison pipeline is robbing far too many children of productive futures. Instead of learning in classrooms, a large percentage of our Nation’s atrisk students sit in jail cells. The numbers don’t lie. Black students are suspended and expelled at a rate three times greater than White students. More than one in four boys of color with disabilities and nearly one in five girls of color with disabilities receives an outofschool suspension. And studies show that students who are suspended or expelled in school are more likely to end up in prison. Our Nation’s children deserve better. It is time we prioritize education and not incarceration. Comprehensive criminal justice reform must include policies which dismantle the schoolto prison pipeline. We must reauthorize the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, a bill that funds delinquency prevention and improvements in State and local juvenile justice programs, supports restorative initiatives, and promotes early intervention. Disrupting the pipeline will provide a pathway for a successful future and lessen the burden on our current judicial system. The number of people incarcerated in America quadrupled between 1980 and 2008. Of the more than 2.3 million Americans incarcerated today, more than 1 million of them are Black. In my home State of Ohio, more than 50,000 people are incarcerated in a system that was designed to only hold 
39,000. And on average, States across this Nation spend $30,000 per year to house one inmate. That is at least $19,000 more per year than we spend to educate one child. It is time we get our priorities straight. As ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education, promoting policies that keep our children in school is one of my top priorities. I ask my colleagues: What are yours? Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman FUDGE for reminding us again of the value and the importance of our work. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is indeed my honor to yield time to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), who is coanchor of tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. As I said earlier, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES is not only a scholar, he, too, is an attorney. He is someone who walks the talk. He is someone who has a long history of being a Brother’s Keeper. Mr. Speaker, so tonight, when we discuss this topic, when we talked about the challenge, when we talked about all of the plethora of things that are incorporated in why we must come forward tonight to challenge the criminal justice system which is stacked against us and broken, certainly we have heard the disparities as it relates to African Americans. So it is indeed my honor to ask my coanchor, Congressman HAKEEM  JEFFRIES , to share with us our challenge. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio, my good friend, the distinguished and dynamic anchor for tonight’s Special Order, Congresswoman JOYCE  BEATTY , for yielding and for her continued leadership and for leading the discussion on the House floor today as it relates the urgency of this Congress and America dealing with the school toprison pipeline mass incarceration and the prison industrial complex that so many of my colleagues have explained and exposed here on the House floor today. A few years ago I had a conversation that has always stuck with me in the area of criminal justice when I was speaking to a formally incarcerated individual who spent several years behind bars incarcerated in a New York State penitentiary. He has turned his life around and he is now an advocate for criminal justice reform. He said to me on his final day, after being imprisoned for years in upstate New York, that he had a conversation with a high ranking corrections officer, a supervisor who he had gotten to know and thought he had befriended to some degree during his time of incarceration. b2000 On that last day, he said to this young African American incarcerated individual who was on his way out, he said: I just want to thank you. This gentleman was a little perplexed. He wasn’t sure what he was talking about. He said: I just want to thank you for helping me to get my boat; and beyond that, I want to thank your son, who is going to help my son get his boat as well. That conversation has really haunted me because, in such a powerful and profound way, what it captures is the essence of what the prison industrial complex represents, which is this decision that was made in so many parts of the United States of America, certainly in New York, by Democrats and Republicans. When the automobile factories and the steel mills, the manufacturing plants began to close in the 1970s and in the 1980s, devastating parts of the upstate economy, a decision was made in place of those factory jobs to build prisons in their place as a means of economic development for depressed upstate communities. But here is the problem. If you build it, someone has got to fill those prisons. In order to fill those prisons, several things have developed which we are in the process of trying to dismantle right now: the schooltoprison pipeline and the criminalization of young people, particularly in communities of color, where they basically are not given a chance from the very beginning. As a result of being channeled unjustly, often, into the criminal justice system at an early age, they essentially become economic commodities for those who have come to rely on prisons to replace the factory and manufacturing jobs that have left the United States of America. That has been a big problem in New York. It is a problem in other parts of the country. It is a shame here in the United States of America that we have gone from a place where, when the war on drugs began in 1971—President Nixon declared drug abuse public enemy number one—there were less than 350,000 people incarcerated in America. Even when the crime bill that is being heavily debated in the public domain right now was passed in 1994, at the height of the concern about crime here in the United States of America, the incarcerated population was still under 900,000 people. But we have gone from less than 350,000 in 1971 to under 900,000 in 1994 to more than 2.2 million in 2016. The United States has 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent of the world’s incarcerated individuals. We incarcerate more people than any other country in the world, and it is shameful. The schooltoprison pipeline is a large part of that dynamic, along with the failed war on drugs. So we are going to have to deal with this situation in a meaningful way. The statistics clearly show that, if you suspend a young person, that individual—often a Black or Latino boy—is less likely to graduate and complete school and more likely to become entangled in the criminal justice system because we have applied an overly punitive approach to discipline, particularly in the inner city. Now, in this Chamber, I have seen surprising levels of compassion as it relates to dealing with the heroin and opioid crisis that is sweeping across America right now, and I am glad that folks have decided to take a different approach than the approach that was taken in the 1980s with the crack cocaine epidemic that was sweeping across communities that those of us in the Congressional Black Caucus represent. I welcome this newfound compassion. I just hope that you would extend it now not just to the manner in which we deal with the heroin crisis—that is important—but let’s extend it to the overcriminalization that is taking place as relates to young people across America, particularly in Black and Brown communities. I am glad that we have become enlightened as it relates to moving away from punishment and toward prevention and intervention related to the heroin and opioid crisis. Let’s also become enlightened in terms of dealing with breaking the schooltoprison pipeline. We will have more to say as we move forward with this discussion, but I know there are other Members who would like to contribute to this hour of power that Representative JOYCE  BEATTY has brought to the House floor in connection with the CBC Special Order. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman JEFFRIES for reminding us that the United States makes up less than 5 percent of the world’s population, yet incarcerates nearly a quarter of the global prison population. Thank you for also being on point and reminding us, Mr. Speaker, if we are to reform America’s criminal justice system and advance efforts to break the cycles of incarceration in African American communities, in low income communities, then we must unite and make sure that we pass real legislation. Mr. Speaker, can you advise me how much time we have left, please. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 12 minutes remaining. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is indeed my honor to yield to the gentlewoman who hails from the 18th Congressional District of Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Of the many things that this Congresswoman does, she serves on the Committee on the Judiciary, she has been a longtime advocate for reforming the criminal justice system. I refer to her as a strong voice, a strong advocate, and, truly, a scholar. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my appreciation to the gentlewoman from Ohio; the gentleman from New York; and the Members who 
have spoken, including the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. BUTTERFIELD ; the former chair, Ms. FUDGE ; and the ranking member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce, Mr. SCOTT. There could not be a more important topic than the topic that we are speaking about tonight. There are moments in history that I think come at times when urgency is the call of the day. It is often said that Dr. King emphasized in his tenure the urgency of moving forward on civil rights and spoke eloquently about the fact of why we cannot wait. If I might, I want to capture his theme of why we cannot wait to end the schooltoprison pipeline. End it now and begin the whole comprehensive approach of criminal justice reform. Let me take Texas as an example and cite some very important statistics from the Appleseed Report and as well a comment on the work that we are doing in the Committee on the Judiciary. I am so glad at this moment in history to be the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations and working with the members of my subcommittee, including Mr. JEFFRIES , who is a member, Ms. BASS, who is a member, and a number of other members as well, on this very difficult hurdle that we have. Let it be very clear that this hurdle of criminal justice reform is, as I heard Mr. JEFFRIES make mention of, that we have taken hold of this issue of opioids and heroin in a way that not one single bill was passed last week that had a criminal focus, particularly out of the Committee on the Judiciary. Not one bill had mandatory minimums. In the debate last week, on Friday, I reiterated over and over again no mandatory minimums in this legislation. That should be the perfect that we try to achieve going forward on criminal justice reform. But let me give the beginnings of that very tragic outcome in America, filling up the Nation’s prisons, not having criminal justice but criminal unfairness. It starts with a path to incarceration, which includes in the schools, stops, failing public schools, zero tolerance and other school discipline, police in school hallways, disciplinary alternative schools, and court involvement in juvenile detention. All of these are a path for students to incarceration, and it is without understanding what a class C misdemeanor ticket and a trip to court for thousands of Texas students and their families means. Texas students as young as 6 have been ticketed at school in past years, and it is not uncommon for elementary school students to be ticketed by schoolbased law enforcement. School based arrest of students often occurs without prior notice to parents. Police officers in some Texas schools are resorting to use of force, measures more commonly associated with fighting street crime: pepper spray, tasers, and trained canines when a schoolyard fight breaks out or when students are misbehaving in a cafeteria or at a school event. This should not be the picture for a 6 yearold or a 4yearold or an 8yearold or an 11yearold or a 13yearold. This should not be equated with school. Let me read to you part of the Appleseed Report and a quote by Ryan Kellus Turner and Mark Goodner: ‘‘In a little over two decades, a paradigm shift has occurred in the Lone Star State. The misdeeds of children—acts that in the near recent past resulted in trips to the principal’s office, corporal punishment, or extra laps under the supervision of a middle school or high school coach . . . ’’ Now, of course, corporal punishment will be eliminated from that. What is worse, ‘‘ . . . now result in criminal prosecution, criminal records, and untold millions of dollars in punitive fines and hefty court costs being imposed against children ages 10 through 16.’’ ‘‘It is conservatively estimated that more than 275,000 nontraffic tickets are issued to juveniles in Texas each year . . . ’’ And based on the information from the Texas Office of Court Administration, the number of nontraffic tickets issued to students may well grossly exceed that number because it was very difficult to get it. ‘‘Texas can interrupt this destructive cycle and prevent the loss of more young people to the ‘schooltoprison pipeline’ through early interventions focused less on punishment and more on creating positive school environments that address students’ academic and behavioral needs.’’ Let me just say that ‘‘police officers in some Texas schools are resorting to ‘use of force.’’’ Now, they are supposed to be there as SROs. SROs are supposed to have educational training. SROs are supposed to be able to have the understanding of how to deal with counseling issues and teaching that is evidence based, but here is the problem. The problem is that they are focused more on law enforcement. I am glad to be part of this Special Order tonight that deals with the pipeline that has started working our children toward incarceration: overcrowded schools, lack of qualified teachers, inadequate resources, and then the zero tolerance for school discipline of children and the rate of suspension having increased dramatically in recent years from 1.7 million in 1974 to 3.1 million in 2000; and it has gone beyond that, and the greatest emphasis has been on children of color. So here is my call to the United States Congress. We have to begin the process of dismantling the schoolto prison pipeline. We have to understand that children can learn. No child is a throwaway. I offer that often in my remarks in my district. The detention system is an unfair system. I don’t know how many of you realize that when a child is sent to juvie, that child can remain there until they reach the age of 21. How does that happen? Even if their sentence is not as egregious as one might think—a simple misbehavior in school. The way that happens is because in juvenile, you can assess more time on a child without telling that child’s parent because that child did not follow orders or, in essence, that child did not behave or that child chewed gum when you told them not to. b2015 We in the Judiciary Committee are working on juvenile justice reform. One of them that I am most concerned about and want to move is ending solitary confinement for juveniles, recognizing Kalief’s Law, involving the death of one inside the New York prison at Rikers Island. The individual in solitary confinement had not been rendered guilty yet. And so we want to eliminate putting juveniles in solitary confinement. Because the tragedy, Mr. Speaker, was that that youngster was released, ultimately, but after he was released, he, in essence, committed suicide. So I want to close my remarks by indicating that I want to turn this system upside down. I want to make sure that we deal with juvenile justice reform. I want to ban the box. We have done that in legislation that has not yet passed. I want to make sure that we have alternative sentencing. At the same time, the Judiciary Committee has moved two bills out of committee. I want to see these bills have a vigorous discussion and debate on the floor of the House so that we can move to conference. Time is going by. Let us not let the perfect be, in essence, the downfall of change. H.R. 3713 provides for the reduction of sentencing for many who are languishing, by law, in prison today in the Federal system. As I have spoken to people across the country, they have indicated that, even though some States like my State of Texas have made enormous, enormous strides—I am proud of that—it has not happened around the country. The bully pulpit of the Federal Government can be the most effective tool to moving toward criminal justice reform and sentencing reduction dealing with felony drug offenses. We are moving toward that point. A vote on the floor of the House and moving toward conference can move our efforts toward legislation that can truly be responsive to both concerns and as well positives that are in that bill. So as we deal with this prison pipeline, we have to not only talk, we have to do. And when we do, we have to make sure that we respond to the concerns, but we also have to make sure that we move legislation that can ultimately come out of the Senate and go to conference and make a difference in the lives of so many. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio. I also want to say how 
timely the Congressional Black Caucus is. All that have been crying out, from Black Lives Matter to the Mother of the Movement, say that we need changes dealing with the whole vastness of criminal justice reform: police community relations, police actions, actions dealing with guns, actions dealing with the loss of life of our young people. Let’s get a framework that can allow us to debate, to fix, to amend, and to get a product that will ultimately be signed by the President of the United States on behalf of the people of the United States who are crying out for relief. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY (D–OH) who are anchoring this Special Order on Ending the SchooltoPrison Pipeline. The overcriminalization of school children in America can no longer be swept under the rug, ignored or irrationally justified. We are in a state of national crisis and it is time to act. Upon taking office, every Member of Congress makes a solemn pledge: to protect and defend the American people. This is the most important oath we take as elected officials—and, to honor this promise, we must do everything in our power to stem the SchooltoPrison Pipeline in our nation. The three most important concerns for Members of Congress today are No. 1 Children, No. 2 Children, and No. 3 Children. House Republicans are still unwilling to act to stop the criminalization of our children in schools and instead work towards providing children the opportunity to thrive in American communities. This Congress has a moral obligation to do our part to end the epidemic of losing our children to the correctional system. Now is the time for Republicans to join Democrats in protecting the lives of America’s youth by taking common sense steps in redirecting those who go astray. Over the past year, several proposals have been introduced to address the need for overarching reform of our nation’s criminal justice system. Americans must consider the educational environment in which we place our students, from preschool to high school, subjecting them to disciplinary policies that more closely resemble policing than teaching. Around the country, advocates are collecting data illustrating the devastating effects of what they call the ‘‘schooltoprison pipeline,’’ where student behavior is criminalized, children are treated like prisoners and, all too often, actually end up behind bars. The schooltoprison pipeline refers to interlocking sets of relationships at the institutional/ structural and the individual levels. All of these policies and practices work together to push our nation’s schoolchildren— youth of color, especially, our most atrisk children—out of schools and into unemployment and into the juvenile and criminal justice legal systems. This pipeline reflects the prioritization of incarceration over education. For a growing number of students, the path to incarceration includes the ‘‘stops’’ deterring matriculation such as: 1) Failing Public Schools; 2) ZeroTolerance and Other School Discipline; 3) Policing School Hallways; 4) Disciplinary Alternative Schools; and 5) Court Involvement and Juvenile Detention. In a little over two decades, a paradigm shift has occurred in the Lone Star State. The misdeeds of children—acts that in the near recent past resulted in trips to the principal’s office, corporal punishment, or extra laps under the supervision of a middle school or high school coach, now result in criminal prosecution, criminal records, and untold millions of dollars in punitive fines and hefty court costs being imposed against children in elementary and high schools. Disrupting class, using profanity, misbehaving on a school bus, student fights, and truancy once meant a trip to the principal’s office. Today, such misbehavior results in a Class C misdemeanor ticket and a trip to court for thousands of Texas students and their families each year. It is conservatively estimated that more than 275,000 nontraffic tickets are issued to juveniles in Texas each year. While it is impossible to pinpoint how many of these tickets are issued by campus police, the vast majority of these tickets are issued for offenses most commonly linked to schoolrelated misbehavior—disruption of class, disorderly conduct, disruption of transportation, truancy, and simple assaults related to student fights. ‘‘Criminalization’’ of student misbehavior extends to even the youngest students. In Texas, students as young as six have been ticketed at school in the past five years, and it is not uncommon for elementaryschool students to be ticketed by schoolbased law enforcement. Schoolbased arrest of students often occurs without prior notice to parents or a lawyer being present during initial questioning of the student. The increase in ticketing and arrest of students, in Texas and nationwide, has coincided with the growth in schoolbased policing. Campus policing is the largest and fastest growing area of law enforcement in Texas, according to its own professional association. With counselors stretched to handle class scheduling and test administration duties, school administrators and teachers are increasingly turning to campus police officers to handle student behavior problems. Today in Texas, most public schools have a police officer assigned to patrol hallways, lunchrooms, school grounds, and afterschool events. Police officers in some Texas schools are resorting to ‘‘use of force’’ measures more commonly associated with fighting street crime—pepper spray, Tasers and trained canines—when a schoolyard fight breaks out or when students are misbehaving in a cafeteria or at a school event. The intent is to keep schools and students safe, but there can be unintended consequences to disciplining public school students in a way that introduces them to the justice system or exposes them to policing techniques more commonly used with adults. Texas can interrupt this destructive cycle and prevent the loss of more young people to the ‘‘schooltoprison pipeline’’ through early interventions focused less on punishment and more on creating positive school environments that address students’ academic and behavioral needs. We must seek appropriate recommendations for reform. For most students, the pipeline begins with inadequate resources in public schools. Overcrowded classrooms, a lack of qualified teachers, and insufficient funding for ‘‘extras’’ such as counselors, special education services, and even textbooks, lock students into secondrate educational environments. This failure to meet educational needs increases disengagement and dropouts, increasing the risk of later court involvement. Even worse, schools may actually encourage dropouts in response to pressures from testbased accountability regimes such as the No Child Left Behind Act, which create incentives to push out lowperforming students to boost overall test scores. Lacking resources, facing incentives to push out lowperforming students, and responding to a handful of highlypublicized school shootings, schools have embraced zerotolerance policies that automatically impose severe punishment regardless of circumstances. Under these policies, students have been expelled for bringing nail clippers or scissors to school. Rates of suspension have increased dramatically in recent years—from 1.7 million in 1974 to 3.1 million in 2000—and have been most dramatic for children of color. Overly harsh disciplinary policies push students down the pipeline and into the juvenile justice system. Suspended and expelled children are often left unsupervised and without constructive activities. They also can easily fall behind in their coursework, leading to a greater likelihood of disengagement and dropouts. All of these factors increase the likelihood of court involvement. As harsh penalties for minor misbehavior become more pervasive, schools increasingly ignore or bypass due process protections for suspensions and expulsions. The lack of due process is particularly acute for students with special needs, who are disproportionately represented in the pipeline despite the heightened protections afforded to them under law. Many underresourced schools become ‘‘pipeline gateways’’ by placing increased reliance on police rather than teachers and administrators to maintain discipline. Growing numbers of districts employ school resource officers to patrol school hallways, often with little or no training in working with youth. As a result, children are far more likely to be subject to schoolbased arrests—the majority of which are for nonviolent offenses, such as disruptive behavior—than they were a generation ago. The rise in schoolbased arrests, the quickest route from the classroom to the jailhouse, most directly exemplifies the criminalization of school children. In some jurisdictions, students who have been suspended or expelled have been completely denied their right to an education. In others, they are sent to disciplinary alternative schools. 
Growing in number across the country, these shadow systems—sometimes run by private, forprofit companies—are immune from educational accountability standards (such as minimum classroom hours and curriculum requirements) and may fail to provide meaningful educational services to the students who need them the most. As a result, struggling students return to their regular schools unprepared, are permanently locked into inferior educational settings, or are funneled through alternative schools into the juvenile justice system. Youth who become involved in the juvenile justice system are often denied procedural protections in the courts. Studies demonstrate that as many as 80 percent of courtinvolved children do not have lawyers. Students who commit minor offenses may end up in secured detention if they violate boilerplate probation conditions prohibiting them from activities like missing school or disobeying teachers. Students pushed along the pipeline find themselves in juvenile detention facilities, many of which provide few, if any, educational services. Students of color, who are far more likely than their white peers to be suspended, expelled, or arrested for the same kind of conduct at school, and those with disabilities are particularly likely to travel down this pipeline. Though many students are propelled down the pipeline from school to jail, it is difficult for them to make the journey in reverse. Students who enter the juvenile justice system face many barriers to their reentry into traditional schools. The vast majority of these students never graduate from high school. Numerous studies have also shown that as many as 70–80 percent of youth involved in the justice system meet the criteria for a disability. We must move away from the engrained culture of criminalization as the answer to our problems. It is no secret that 1 in every 3 black males born today can expect to go to prison at some point in their life, compared with 1 in every 6 Latino males, and 1 in every 17 white males. It is a statistic we know well because it is one that has been reported since 2001 and has remained unchanged for nearly 15 years. It is time we stop repeating and start understanding and unraveling the fateful 1 in 3 trend that continues to sweep entire generations of young men of color into a lifetime of systematic and barriers. The United States currently has the largest number of prisoners in the world due to its skyrocketing national imprisonment rate. Rather than investing in premier educational responses, the United States pays the highest cost globally for incarceration. Federal, state, and local leaders are looking for innovative ways to improve public health and public safety outcomes, while reducing the costs of criminal justice and corrections. A number of innovative strategies can save public funds and improve public health by keeping lowrisk, nonviolent, druginvolved offenders out of prison or jail, while still holding them accountable and ensuring the safety of our communities. The Obama Administration is committed to funding and evaluating the longterm effects of these innovative criminal justice and corrections interventions. I too call upon my colleagues to come together and pass legislation that will help stop the derailment of children’s lives. Meanwhile, Federal agencies will continue to seek opportunities to expand smart probation and problemsolving court initiatives around the country in collaboration with state, local, and tribal agencies. In recognition of the considerable potential in cost savings, improved outcomes for offenders, and improved public safety, a growing number of state and local officials around the country are starting their own promising initiatives to break the cycle of drug use, crime, and incarceration. Nearly every state is struggling with significant shortfalls in revenue and making significant cuts to spending in order to close budget gaps. In making these cuts, many states are focusing attention on corrections spending, one of the fastest growing lines in state budgets over the past two decades. Many states are pursuing a justice reinvestment approach, using data to determine what has been driving the growth in the prison population and how that growth might be stopped. In addition, small investments have been made in programs designed to reduce recidivism. New policies have been enacted, slowing the growth of prison populations or even downsizing corrections systems, saving states hundreds of millions of dollars. A portion of those savings are being reinvested in communitybased services and supports, including substance abuse treatment. However, to have meaningful impact on behaviors that contribute to crime, recidivism, and substance abuse, states must focus on a handful of proven strategies that will maximize the impact of limited investments being made in the treatment of substance use disorders and community supervision. I am a strong supporter of education and I am particularly sensitive and protective of measures to keep students safe in school. In this same spirit, we must invest in a multistep, collaborative process that involves the combined efforts of law enforcement, prosecutors, influential community members, social services, reentry services, community corrections, faithbased organizations, and city management. We have seen too often the horrific abuses of school officers dragging, punching, slapping, and more to students. First and foremost schoolbased law enforcement personnel need to be removed from the educational setting. And if law enforcement are not removed, they should be required to receive postcertification training in issues specific to youth, including: 1) deescalation and mediation techniques; 2) restraint techniques to be used when force cannot be avoided; 3) signs and symptoms of trauma, abuse and neglect in children and youth, as well as appropriate responses; 4) signs and symptoms of mental illness in children and youth, and appropriate responses; and 5) manifestations of other disabilities, such as autism, and appropriate responses, adolescent development, Juvenile law, and Special education and applicable general education law. Prohibit school districts from receiving any revenue from Class C ticketing for truancy or any other offense. Eliminate Disruption of Class and Disruption of Transportation as penal code offenses. Prohibit ticketing of students under the age of 14. Young children are simply not equipped to understand a Class C misdemeanor ticket as a meaningful consequence of misbehavior, and the consequences of court involvement on academic success are too great to allow this practice to continue. Ticketing of older students should be a last resort. Ticketing, arrest and use of force in schools is preposterously reshaping today’s school disciplinary policies disproportionately to actual need. We must acknowledge this epidemic and move to correct the inevitable injustice that follows when our children are derailed from their futures. I thank my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman HAKEEM  JEFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman J OYCE  BEATTY (D–OH) for hosting this Special Order on Ending the SchooltoPrison Pipeline. It is an invaluable and much needed effort. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, let me just end by saying that the urgency is now. In the words of Nelson Mandela, ‘‘It always seems impossible until it’s done.’’ Tonight the Congressional Black Caucus says: Let’s get it done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our children represent the future of our nation. Our future is more promising when our children have a clear path to succeed and have the opportunities to become active members of the community. Over time, a culture of favoring incarceration over education has become more prominent throughout our society—particularly as it relates to minority and lowincome populations. Financial shortfalls at all levels of government are also placing downward pressure on states and municipalities to cut back on public services and educational or communitybased programs in favor of harsh criminalization or incarceration. The result is the ‘‘schooltoprison pipeline,’’ which poses a very real threat to our children and our society. This pipeline refers to harsh policies and practices that cultivate a culture where young individuals are pushed into the juvenile and criminal justice systems through harsh punishments in schools. Inadequate resources in public schools, economic instability, zerotolerance policies, and harsh punishments for nonviolent offenses are all contributing to the schooltoprison pipeline. As a result, the United States suffers from the largest number of prisoners in the world and the economic and social burden of the high costs of incarceration. Zero tolerance policies are dangerous to have in our schools. These policies impose extremely severe punishments on students, regardless of the circumstances, which can result in suspension or even expulsion from school. Children of color and students with special needs have experienced a dramatic increase in these suspensions and expulsions, which greatly increase their probability of entering into the juvenile justice system. Schools 
are also beginning to display an overreliance on law enforcement to maintain discipline through the use of school resource officers. Mr. Speaker, the schooltoprison pipeline is the result of a dangerous precedent being set in our schools. Zero tolerance policies and the overreliance on law enforcement to keep order in our schools not only detracts from the culture of learning we expect in our schools, but also condemns countless children to a life of suffering for making simple mistakes during their youth. Our society will suffer if we continue on this path of forcing children into the criminal justice system and it is time that we considered serious reforms to keep children in our communities and outside the juvenile justice system. 
b2120 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–569) on the resolution (H. Res. 732) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. SWALWELL of California (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of family health emergency. 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 13, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 4336. To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. H.R. 4238. To amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL. Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 1887. A bill to amend certain appropriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–568). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 732. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–569). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 5243. A bill making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in response to the Zika virus, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H.R. 5244. A bill to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5245. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to prescribe rules to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive acts and practices in connection with primary and secondary ticket sales, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5246. A bill to remove the Federal claim to navigational servitude for a parcel of land in Texas City, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. COSTA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 5247. A bill to provide shortterm water supplies to droughtstricken California and provide for longterm investments in drought resiliency throughout the Western United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Science, Space, and Technology, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (for himself, Mr. DENT, and Ms. B ROWN of Florida): H.R. 5248. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of children of Vietnam veterans born with spina bifida for benefits of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. MCKINLEY , and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 5249. A bill to direct the NIH to intensify and coordinate fundamental, translational, and clinical research with respect to the understanding of pain, the discovery and development of therapies for chronic pain, and the development of alternatives to opioids for effective pain treatments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. TAKAI): H.R. 5250. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to reform the HUBZone program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. ESTY (for herself and Ms. DELAURO ): H.R. 5251. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for property owners who remove hazards relating to lead, asbestos, and radon; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 5252. A bill to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. KING of New York, Mr. KATKO , and Ms. M CSALLY ): H.R. 5253. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve visa security, visa applicant vetting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for himself, Mr. POLIQUIN , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 5254. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to seniors who install modifications on their residences that would enable them to age in place, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5255. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to permit the Federal Trade Commission to enforce such Act against certain taxexempt organizations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 5256. A bill to enhance the overseas operations of the Department of Homeland Security aimed at preventing terrorist threats from reaching the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ZINKE (for himself and Mr. DESANTIS ): H.R. 5257. A bill to provide for a career military justice litigation track for judge advocates in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LAMALFA: H. Res. 731. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that mandates imposed on manufacturers requiring inclusion of unproven and unreliable technology in firearms is costly and punitive, and the prohibition of firearms without such features is an infringement on the rights of citizens under the Second Amendment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. MARINO , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. VANHOLLEN , Ms. H AHN, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Ms. NORTON , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. RANGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. KUSTER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. HARTZLER , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. COOPER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. FATTAH , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. RICHMOND , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida): H. Res. 733. A resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the fostercare system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster care system; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 194: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. REICHERT , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 210: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 244: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 266: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. FLEMING , and Mr. H UELSKAMP . H.R. 292: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 430: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 448: Mr. VARGAS , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 504: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 592: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 624: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 667: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 711: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 746: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 756: Miss RICEof New York and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 842: Mr. BLUMand Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 879: Mr. COOKand Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 897: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 921: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. KLINE, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. NOLAN , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 1122: Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 1185: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 1196: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 1197: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 1220: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 1221: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 1274: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 1312: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 1356: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 1460: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 1519: Mr. DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 1600: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1718: Mr. TURNER , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. ROSS. H.R. 1763: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1814: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1855: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2058: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 2076: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2121: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 2144: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2189: Mrs. WAGNER and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 2296: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 2315: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2316: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 2350: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. BEATTY , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2500: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2515: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2694: Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2773: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2802: Mr. TIBERI . H.R. 2817: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 2903: Mr. HECK of Nevada and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 3099: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3119: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3222: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3229: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3284: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3299: Mr. RUSHand Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 3365: Mr. NADLER and Mr. C ARNEY . H.R. 3381: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 3526: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3535: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3556: Ms. LEEand Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3660: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 3666: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3676: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3684: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3693: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 3706: Mr. WALZand Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3742: Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B UCSHON , Ms. GRAHAM , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 3817: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3870: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 3882: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3883: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 3884: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 3885: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 3929: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 3945: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 3965: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4062: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 4131: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 4144: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. QUIGLEY , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4153: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4172: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4183: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 4215: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4230: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4277: Mr. KINDand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4365: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 4450: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4481: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4499: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 4553: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4585: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. MCCOLLUM , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4606: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4613: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4614: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 4625: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 4640: Mr. COLE. H.R. 4657: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4668: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4683: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 4706: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 4715: Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 4764: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4773: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4775: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4792: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 4795: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 4797: Ms. LEE. H.R. 4815: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4828: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. HUDSON , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4848: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4884: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4904: Mr. GOSAR , Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 4928: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 4941: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 4942: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4979: Mr. OLSON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 5001: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5008: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 5014: Mr. POLIS and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5025: Mr. OLSON and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 5044: Ms. MOORE , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. EDWARDS , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. SARBANES , Ms. M ENG, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 5067: Mr. YODER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5073: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida and Mr. JONES . H.R. 5090: Mr. BECERRA , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. ALLEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. MENG, Mr. K LINE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. VELA, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. KEATING , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5119: Mr. FLEMING , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 5170: Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. B ARR, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 5183: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 5210: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. WENSTRUP , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5218: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5224: Mr. GOSAR and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 5226: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B UCK, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B LUM, Mr. WALKER , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.J. Res. 89: Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.J. Res. 92: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H. Con. Res. 129: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. G RAYSON . H. Res. 28: Mr. SHUSTER . H. Res. 220: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. FATTAH , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H. Res. 263: Mr. LEVIN, Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 290: Mr. DONOVAN . H. Res. 343: Mr. MEADOWS . H. Res. 569: Ms. ADAMS and Ms. G RAHAM . H. Res. 586: Mr. DEUTCH . H. Res. 590: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H. Res. 617: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 647: Mr. PETERS and Mr. F RELING HUYSEN . H. Res. 650: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali fornia, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. PALLONE . H. Res. 683: Mr. NADLER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 694: Ms. EDWARDS and Ms. M ATSUI . H. Res. 729: Mr. HOYER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  H.R. 5243, making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in response to the Zika virus, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. Amendment No. 1 to be offered by Representative MACTHORNBERRY to H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2797 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 16, 2016 No. 77 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable LISA MURKOWSKI , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who preserves our Nation with the power of Your might, we lift our hearts in praise. We are grateful for Your unfailing love and faithfulness because Your promises are backed by the honor of Your Name. We place our hope in You and remember daily how You have sustained us in the past. Lord, give our Senators the wisdom to trust You in the small things, realizing that faithfulness with the least prepares them for fidelity with the much. May they trust You to do what is best for America in good times and in bad. Look down from Heaven on the entire human family and give us Your peace. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 