Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, on February 25, in Hesston, Kansas, a disgruntled coworker killed Renee Benjamin, 30; Josh Higbee, 31; and Brian Sadowsky, 44, with an imported Serbian AK–47type assault weapon. ATF has the power to ban these weapons. President George H.W. Bush demanded a ban in 1989. Ironically, his son, President George W. Bush, was pressured by the NRA when he took office to repeal the importation of the assault weapon ban. Today I am introducing the Imported Assault Weapons Ban, a bill that would ban the importation of these assault weapons once and for all. This continued bloodshed must stop. But, somehow, my colleagues continue to accept outrageous violence as part of everyday life. In February 2016—just last month— there were 35 mass shootings, which is to say 35 acts of violence where four or more people were wounded or killed. That is more than one per day. Here are the real people who died because of gun violence in February. Sadly, I don’t have time on the floor today to name those who were injured, but those who died include the following: Marvin Douglass Lancaster, III, age 21, was killed while in an adult club on February 6 in Tampa, Florida. Christopher Houston, 20, was also shot there and died later. Carlos Doroteo, 49, was killed while walking in his neighborhood on February 6 in Los Angeles, California. Jennifer Jacques, 42; Arthur Norton, 58; and Phinny Norton, 60, were killed by Jennifer’s 19yearold son Dylan in their home on February 6 in Uvalde, Texas. Ernesto Ayber, 29, was killed on February 7 in Rochester, New York. Joseph Villalobos, 22, and Jonathan Avila Rojas, 33, were killed inside a nightclub on February 7 in Orlando, Florida. Carlos Bates, 29, and Isaiah Major, III, 43, were killed at a Mardi Gras parade on February 7 in Pass Christian, Mississippi. Dwight Hughes, Jr., 21, was killed on February 7 in Chicago, Illinois. Trisha Nelson, 28, was killed by her fiance, who was angry about parking, as she fled their car on February 12 in Plymouth, Minnesota. Her fiance was later killed in a shootout with police. Armando Curiel, 17; Raul Lopez, 19; and his brother Angel Lopez, 20, were killed in an SUV on February 18 in Salt Lake City, Utah. Michael Broadnax, 41, was killed in a driveway on February 19 in Vallejo, California. His son, Bomani Broadnax, 22, died later of his injuries. Officer James Lee Tartt, 44, was killed in a shootout on February 20 in Iuka, Mississippi. His family had just moved into their new home just a month earlier. Manual Ortiz, 28, was killed at a bar on February 20 in Tampa, Florida. He had a monthold son. Mary Lou Nye, 62; Mary Jo Nye, 60; Dorothy Brown, 74; and Barbara Hawthorne, 68, were killed in a parking lot on February 21 in Kalamazoo, Michigan. The gunman then killed Rich Smith, 53, and son Tyler Smith, 17. Emma Wallace, 37, was killed in a car on February 21 in Hazelwood, Missouri. The Buckner family, including mother Kimberly, father Vic, 18yearold daughter Kaitlin, and 6yearold daughter Emma, were killed at their family home on February 23 in Phoenix, Arizona. Their son, the shooter, was killed by police. A deputy sheriff, Corporal Nate Carrigan, 35, was killed while serving an eviction notice on February 24 in Bailey, Colorado. Lana Carlson, 49, and her sons Quinn, 16, and Tory, 18, as well as their neighbor, Donna Reed, 68, were killed at their home by Lana’s husband on February 25 in Belfair, Washington. Crystal Hamilton, 29, was killed by her husband on February 27 in Woodbridge, Virginia. Officer Ashley Guindon, also 29, was killed while responding to the scene. It was her first shift as a police officer. An unidentified man was killed in a parking lot on February 28 in Riverside, California. May the dead rest in peace, the wounded recover quickly and completely, and the bereaved receive comfort. These are the faces of Americans gunned down because we lack the guts to do anything about gun violence. 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I came back to Washington, as my colleagues did, and I saw the headlines in Politico that said: Hill GOP on the Hot Seat Ahead of Recess. It was a piece about the leadership’s effort to pass a $1.7 trillion budget. Mr. Speaker, we are headed off a fiscal cliff, with over $19 trillion in debt. Yet, Congress keeps driving toward that cliff. Like most Members of Congress, I go home every weekend. I live in eastern North Carolina. I am very active in my district. I talk to many people, from 
the grocery store to church. Many times the conversation is: Why can’t you in Congress wake up before it is too late? We just heard Congressman BROOKS  from Alabama talk about Venezuela. We are headed right there just as quick as we can. The waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan is a prime example of Congress not doing its job. When I tell people back home that it was reported recently by John Sopko, Inspector General of Afghanistan Reconstruction, that the Pentagon spent $6 million to buy nine goats from Italy, some laugh and some are just disgusted. How in the world could we keep funding the Pentagon when they waste money buying goats for $6 million? The waste of American taxpayer dollars in Afghanistan never ends. The Wall Street Journal recently ran a story titled: ‘‘Afghan Police Force Struggling to Maintain Membership,’’ by Jessica Donati, in which she reports that more than 36,000 Afghanistan policemen left the force last year because of Taliban attacks and poor leadership. We have spent $18 billion on training the Afghan police force and, here again, we lost 36,000. The poor taxpayer. We keep funding this waste in Afghanistan like we have got plenty of money. What we are doing in the Congress is absolute madness. Mr. Speaker, I will include in the RECORD a NBC News report titled: ‘‘12 Ways Your Tax Dollars Were Squandered in Afghanistan.’’ 
[From www.nbcnews.com, March 5, 2016] 12 WAYSYOURTAXDOLLARS WERE SQUANDERED IN AFGHANISTAN  (By Alexander Smith) The United States has now spent more money reconstructing Afghanistan than it did rebuilding Europe at the end of World War II, according to a government watchdog. The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) said in a statement to Congress last week that when adjusted for inflation the $113.1 billion plowed into the chaosriven country outstripped the postWWII spend by at least $10 billion. Billions have been squandered on projects that were either useless or substandard, or lost to waste, corruption, and systemic abuse, according to SIGAR’s reports. NBC News spoke to SIGAR’s Special Inspector General John F. Sopko about 12 of the most bizarre and baffling cases highlighted by his team’s investigations. Paraphrasing Albert Einstein, Sopko said the U.S.’s profligate spending in Afghanistan is ‘‘the definition of insanity—doing the same things over and over again, expecting a different result.’’ 
THAT WERE LATER SOLD FOR $32 ,000 Two of the G222 aircraft in a corner of Kabul International Airport in November 2013. SIGAR The Pentagon spent close to half a billion dollars on 20 Italianmade cargo planes that it eventually scrapped and sold for just $32,000, according to SIGAR. ‘‘These planes were the wrong planes for Afghanistan,’’ Sopko told NBC News. ‘‘The U.S. had difficulty getting the Afghans to fly them, and our pilots called them deathtraps. One pilot said parts started falling off while he was coming into land.’’ After being taken out of use in March 2013, the G222 aircraft, which are also referred to as the C–27A Spartan, were towed to a corner of Kabul International Airport where they were visible from the civilian terminal. They had ‘‘trees and bushes growing around them,’’ the inspector general said. Sixteen of the planes were scrapped and sold to a local construction company for 6 cents a pound, SIGAR said. The other four remained unused at a U.S. base in Germany. Sopko called the planes ‘‘one of the biggest single programs in Afghanistan that was a total failure.’’ 2. $335 MILLION ON A POWER PLANT THAT USED  
JUST 1 PERCENT OF ITS CAPACITY  Tarakhil Power Plant pictured in October 2009. SIGAR The Tarakhil Power Plant was fired up in 2009 to ‘‘provide more reliable power’’ to blackoutplagued Kabul, according to the United States Agency for International Development, which built the facility. However, the ‘‘modern’’ diesel plant exported just 8,846 megawatt hours of power between February 2014 and April 2015, SIGAR said in a letter to USAID last August. This output was less than 1 percent of the plant’s capacity and provided just 0.35 percent of power to Kabul, a city of 4.6 million people. Furthermore, the plants ‘‘frequent starts and stops . . . place greater wear and tear on the engines and electrical components,’’ which could result in its ‘‘catastrophic failure,’’ the watchdog said. USAID responded to SIGAR’s report in June 2015, saying: ‘‘We have no indication that [Afghan staterun utility company] Da Afghanistan Breshna Sherkat (DABS), failed to operate Tarakhil as was alleged in your letter.’’ 
3. ALMOST $500 ,000 ON BUILDINGS THAT ‘MELTED ’ 
IN THE RAIN  The dryfire range in Wardak is pictured in February 2013. SIGAR U.S. officials directed and oversaw the construction of an Afghan police training facility in 2012 that was so poorly built that its walls actually fell apart in the rain. The $456,669 dryfire range in Wardak province was ‘‘not only an embarrassment, but, more significantly, a waste of U.S. taxpayers’ money,’’ SIGAR’s report said in January 2015. It was overseen by the U.S. Central Command’s Joint Theater Support Contracting Command and contracted out to an Afghan firm, the Qesmatullah Nasrat Construction Company. SIGAR said this ‘‘melting’’ started just four months after the building was finished in October 2012. It blamed U.S. officials’ bad planning and failure to hold to account the Afghan construction firm, which used poor quality materials. The U.S. subsequently contracted another firm to rebuild the facility. Sopko called the incident ‘‘baffling.’’ 
4. $34.4 MILLION ON A SOYBEAN PROGRAM FOR A  
COUNTRY THAT DOESN ’T EAT SOYBEANS  Some of the remaining soybean inventory in March 2014 after it was imported from the U.S. to Afghanistan. SIGAR ‘‘Afghans apparently have never grown or eaten soybeans before,’’ SIGAR said in its June 2014 report. This did not stop the U.S. Department of Agriculture funding a $34.4 million program by the American Soybean Association to try to introduce the foodstuff into the country in 2010. The project ‘‘did not meet expectations,’’ the USDA confirmed to SIGAR, largely owing to inappropriate farming conditions in Afghanistan and the fact no one wanted to buy a product they had never eaten. ‘‘They didn’t grow them, they didn’t eat them, there was no market for them, and yet we thought it was a good Idea,’’ Sopko told NBC News. ‘‘What is troubling about this particular project is that it appears that many of these problems could reasonably have been foreseen and, therefore, possibly avoided,’’ the inspector general wrote in a letter to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in June 2014. 5. ONE GENERAL ’S EXPLANATION WHY 1 ,600 FIRE  
PRONE BUILDINGS WEREN ’T A PROBLEM  Fire breaks out at an archspan building at the Afghan National Army’s Camp Sayer in October 2012. SIGAR The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers built some 2,000 buildings to be used as barracks, medical clinics and fire stations by the Afghan National Army as part of a $1.57billion program. When two fires in October and December 2012 revealed that around 80 percent of these structures did not meet international building regulations for fire safety, Sopko said he was ‘‘troubled’’ by the ‘‘arrogant’’ response from a senior USACE chief. Major General Michael R. Eyre, commanding general of USACE’s Transatlantic Division, said the risk of fire was acceptable because ‘‘the typical occupant populations for these facilities are young, fit Afghan soldiers.’’ Writing in a January 2014 memo published by SIGAR, Eyre said these recruits ‘‘have the physical ability to make a hasty retreat during a developing situation.’’ Sopko told NBC News that Eyre’s comments ‘‘showed a really poor attitude toward our allies.’’ He added: ‘‘It was an unbelievable arrogance, and I’m sorry to say that about a senior officer.’’ 
WASHED IN DIRTY RIVER WATER  A room in Salang hospital in January 2004. SIGAR Despite the Department of Defense spending $597,929 on Salang Hospital in Afghanistan’s Parwan province, the 20bed facility has been forced to resort to startling medical practices. ‘‘Because there was no clean water, staff at the hospital were washing newborns with untreated river water,’’ SIGAR’s report said in January 2014. It added that the ‘‘poorly constructed’’ building was also at increased ‘‘risk of structural collapse during an earthquake.’’ NBC News visited the hospital in January 2014 and witnessed some disturbing practices: a doctor poking around a dental patient’s mouth with a pair of unsterilized scissors before yanking out another’s tooth with a pair of pliers. The United States ForcesAfghanistan responded to SIGAR’s report in January 2014 saying it would investigate why the building was not constructed to standard. In a separate report, SIGAR said that USAID reimbursed the International Organization for Migration for spiraling costs while building Gardez Hospital, in Paktia province. The IOM’s ‘‘weak internal controls’’ meant it paid $300,000 for just 600 gallons of diesel fuel—a price of $500 per gallon when market prices should not have exceeded $5, SIGAR said. 
SEVERAL GENERALS DIDN ’T WANT  An unused room at the socalled ‘‘64K’’ facility. SIGAR The socalled ‘‘64K’’ commandandcontrol facility at Afghanistan’s Camp Leatherneck cost $36 million and was ‘‘a total waste of U.S. taxpayer funds,’’ SIGAR’s report said in May 2015. The facility in Helmand province—named because it measured 64,000 square feet—was intended to support the U.S. troop surge of 2010. However, a year before its construction, the very general in charge of the surge asked 
that it not be built because the existing facilities were ‘‘more than sufficient,’’ the watchdog said. But another general denied this cancellation request, according to SIGAR, because he said it would not be ‘‘prudent’’ to quit a project for which funds had already been appropriated by Congress. Ultimately, construction did not begin until May 2011, two months before the drawdown of the troops involved in surge. Sopko found the ‘‘wellbuilt and newly furnished’’ building totally untouched in June 2013, with plastic sheets still covering the furniture. ‘‘Again, nobody was held to account,’’ Sopko told NBC News, adding it was a ‘‘gross . . . really wasteful, extremely wasteful amount of money.’’ He added: ‘‘We have thrown too much money at the country. We pour in money not really thinking about it.’’ 
CONVERSATION FOR THE U .S. AMBASSADOR  A nowdefunct Pentagon task force spent almost $40 million on Afghanistan’s oil, mining and gas industry—but no one remembered to tell America’s diplomats in Kabul, according to SIGAR, citing a senior official at the U.S. embassy in the city. In fact, the first the U.S. ambassador knew about the multibilliondollar spend was when Afghan government officials thanked him for his country’s support, SIGAR said. The project, administered by the Task Force for Business and Stability Operations (TFBSO), was part of a wider $488 million investment that also included the State Department and USAID. These organizations ‘‘failed to coordinate and prioritize’’ their work, which created ‘‘poor working relationships, and . . . potential sustainability problems,’’ according to SIGAR. It was, according to Sopko, ‘‘a real disaster.’’ One USAID official told the watchdog it would take the U.S. ‘‘100 years’’ to complete the necessary infrastructure and training Afghanistan needs to completely develop these industries. 
MYSTERY CANCELLATION —OF EIGHT BOATS  One of the eight boats sitting in a Virginia warehouse in June 2014. SIGAR SIGAR said the U.S. military has been unable to provide records answering ‘‘the most basic questions’’ surrounding the mystery purchase and cancellation of eight patrol boats for landlocked Afghanistan. The scant facts SIGAR were able to find indicated the boats were bought in 2010 to be used by the Afghan National Police, and that they were intended to be deployed along the country’s northern river border with Uzbekistan. ‘‘The order was cancelled—without explanation—nine months later,’’ SIGAR said. The boats were still sitting unused at a Navy warehouse in Yorktown, Virginia, as of 2014. ‘‘We bought in a navy for a landlocked country,’’ Sopko said. 
AFGHANS GROW MORE OPIUM THAN EVER  Afghan farmers harvest opium sap from a poppy field in Nangarhar province in May 2015. NOORULLAH SHIRZADA/AFP—Getty Images, file Despite the U.S. plowing some $7.8 billion into stopping Afghanistan’s drug trade, ‘‘Afghan farmers are growing more opium than ever before,’’ SIGAR reported in December 2014. ‘‘Poppygrowing provinces that were once declared ‘poppy free’ have seen a resurgence in cultivation,’’ it said, noting that internationally funded irrigation projects may have actually increased poppy growth in recent years. The ‘‘fragile gains’’ the U.S. has made on Afghan health, education and rule of law were being put in ‘‘jeopardy or wiped out by the narcotics trade, which not only supports the insurgency, but also feeds organized crime and corruption,’’ Sopko told U.S. lawmakers in January 2014. Afghanistan is the world’s leader in the production of opium. In 2013, the value of Afghan opium was $3 billion—equivalent to 15 percent of the country’s GDP—according to the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime. Sopko told NBC News the picture is no more optimistic today. ‘‘No matter which metric you use, this effort has been a real failure,’’ he said. 11. $7.8 MILLION ON A NEARLY EMPTY BUSINESS  
PARK  The entrance to Shorandam Industrial Park in June 2014. SIGAR The USAIDfunded Shorandam industrial Park in Kandahar province was transferred to the Afghan government in September 2010 with the intention of accommodating 48 business and hundreds of local employees. Four years later, SIGAR inspectors found just one active company operating there. This was due to the U.S. military building a power plant on onethird of the industrial park to provide electricity to nearby Kandahar City, causing ‘‘entrepreneurs to shy away from setting up businesses’’ at the site, SIGAR said in its report of April 2015. After the military withdrew in mid2014, the investigators were told that at least four Afghan businesses had moved into the industrial park. However, SIGAR said that it could not complete a thorough inspection because USAID’s contract files were ‘‘missing important documentation.’’ 
WEREN ’T USED OR HARMED TROOPS  The DOD spent nearly $82 million on nine incineration facilities in Afghanistan—yet four of them never fired their furnaces, SIGAR said in February 2015. These four dormant facilities had eight incinerators between them and the wastage cost $20.1 million. In addition, SIGAR inspectors said it was ‘‘disturbing’’ that ‘‘prohibited items,’’ such as tires and batteries, continued to be burned in Afghanistan’s 251 burn pits. U.S. military personnel were also exposed to emissions from these pits ‘‘that could have lasting negative health consequences,’’ the watchdog said. The Department of Defense said it was ‘‘vitally interested in exploring all possible ways to save taxpayer dollars and ensure we are good stewards of government resources.’’ A spokesman added: ‘‘We’ll continue to work with SIGAR, and other agencies, to help get to the bottom of any reported issues or concerns.’’ A spokesman for Afghanistan’s President Ashraf Ghani declined to comment on this story. 
Mr. JONES. Some of the most egregious examples of waste in this list are the $486 million the Pentagon paid for deathtrap aircraft that were scrapped and sold for $32,000. You spend $486 million and what you get back is scrap. It costs $32,000. Also, $500,000 on training facilities for Afghan police that melted in the rain. The poor American taxpayer. John Sopko, the Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, has told Congress on many occasions to look at the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan. Yet, every year we will pass appropriations bills on the floor of the House to continue to spend billions of dollars in Afghanistan. I do not understand it. It is time for America to wake up. It is time for the Congress to wake up and bring our troops home from Afghanistan. It is time to say to Afghanistan: Fight it out, if you want to. It is your country. Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires. There is a headstone in that graveyard that says: America, I am waiting for you. You are headed for this graveyard. f 
ZIKA VIRUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address a serious public health issue facing our country. As a physician, I am very concerned over the recent spread of the Zika virus in the Americas, particularly given the potential longterm effects that are now being linked to the virus. Zika was first discovered in 1948 in Uganda. Until recently, little research or attention was paid to the virus. It was not thought to have any lasting effects until recently. Because of this, there is no vaccine, no drug treatment, and testing is not readily available. It is important to note that four out of five individuals who contract Zika are unaware that they have it because they do not ever show any symptoms. For those that do, symptoms are generally mild. However, as the virus continues to spread, researchers are identifying a link between Zika and infants being born with congenital microcephaly as well as a link between Zika and GuillainBarre syndrome. There are still many questions, and scientists are searching for answers. For example, can Zika be transmitted sexually? If so, for how long is it transmittable? What are the longterm health and economic effects of this infection? While at this time there have been no reported cases of mosquito transmission within the U.S., there have been over 150 travelrelated cases reported. Most recently a Zika case was found in Orange County, not too far from my district. b1030 The CDC is currently advising pregnant women to postpone travel to Zikaaffected areas, and if they must travel, to first consult with their physician and take all necessary precautions to avoid mosquitos. Last month, the administration submitted a supplemental appropriations request for emergency funding to help fight the Zika virus. And my physicianscientist colleagues at the CDC and NIH have echoed the need for funding. As we enter mosquito season and families start to travel for summer vacation, it is important that we do not 
delay this funding and work to ensure that we contain the damage the virus could cause if left unchecked. Timing is of the essence and emergency funding needs to be appropriated immediately to mitigate any potentially destructive effects. This is why I sent a bipartisan letter, along with 61 of my colleagues, urging Speaker RYANto bring to the floor legislation that would appropriate emergency funding to help fight the Zika virus. This is not a Democratic issue. This is not a Republican issue. It is a public health and health security issue. The cost of not acting is just too high. 
SHENANDOAH AREA COUNCIL BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA’S 2016 DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN OF THE YEAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of an outstanding member of my community in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia’s Second Congressional District, Ed Wilson. This afternoon in Martinsburg, Ed Wilson is being named the Shenandoah Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America’s 2016 Distinguished Citizen of the Year. This award is given to exceptional members of the community who have ‘‘noteworthy and extraordinary leadership.’’ Past honorees include Senators Robert Byrd, Jay Rockefeller, SHELLEY  MOORE CAPITO , and J OEMANCHIN , as well as Brigadier General V. Wayne Lloyd, the former head of the 167th Airlift Wing in Martinsburg. My friend, Ed Wilson, also truly personifies all that this award embodies. Born in Woodbridge, New Jersey, Ed’s journey of faith and service included a very early milestone. At the age of 10, he joined the St. Vincent de Paul Society. This Catholic charitable organization, whose local chapter was founded by his wife, Midge, offers not a handout, but a hand up. This same ethic lies behind the mission of the Boy Scouts, who Ed has worked with for so many years. Ed served in the Navy for 3 years before earning a position with the intelligence community as a linguist and analyst. Ed worked for the CIA for 31 years, 24 of which were overseas. He was stationed around the globe, in Europe, the Middle East, Central America, and Asia. Finally, in 1977, Ed and his wife, Midge, moved to Falling Waters, in Berkeley County, West Virginia, where they have been committed to serving our community and its needs ever since. Ed’s work for our community has been called legendary by some, and I couldn’t agree more. He has served with 16 agencies, charitable organizations, and community projects, including Big Brothers and Big Sisters of the Eastern Panhandle, Catholic Charities, March of Dimes, MartinsburgBerkeley County Chamber of Commerce, Mountain State Apple Harvest Festival, and the United Way of the Eastern Panhandle. Ed likes to say that life is too important to be taken seriously. I do agree, but I must add this. One of the serious reasons why the Boy Scouts honors Ed is the importance of his lifetime of service. Ed provides an important role model for young men about the importance of commitment, virtue, culture, and just basic decency. With that in mind, I not only congratulate, but also thank my friend, Ed Wilson, for all he has done for our country and community. WE NEED AN ALL OFTHEABOVE ENERGY  
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to comment on a recent statement made by the leading Democrat candidate for President and former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, who just on Sunday night on CNN was asked about her policies. She said, ‘‘I am the only candidate which has a policy about bringing economic opportunity, using clean, renewable energy as the key into coal country because we are going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.’’ Mr. Speaker, we need a President who has an alloftheabove energy policy, not one who so blatantly discriminates against coal. This attack and war on coal that Hillary Clinton plans to continue, just like our current President, has devastated our State. We are in a recession in West Virginia. We need a President who will fight for our coal miners, promote the allofthe above energy policy, and utilize our country’s natural resources, including coal. This is important to West Virginia and everyone in the country, so I call upon all of us to look at the importance of this upcoming discussion on this issue. 
PENN STATE STUDENTS COMMITTED TO ADDRESSING THE NATIONAL DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to laud the efforts of a student organization at Penn State University, located in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District. These students are participating, Mr. Speaker, in a nationwide competition called Up to Us. The goal is raising awareness of the national debt and the impact it will have on the leaders of tomorrow and generations to come, especially in terms of their future economic opportunities. The winning team will be recognized later this year and will receive $10,000. The national debt isn’t something you often hear much about from men and women in their late teens and early twenties, which is why I was so impressed by this. These are signatures of more than 1,500 students seeking to raise awareness among the men and women who represent them in such places as the United States House of Representatives and the Senate. I was happy to share some of the work we have done over the past few years in lowering the debt and pledge to continue that effort. Spending has been reduced to historic levels under the Republicanled Congress. These fiscally responsible reductions are greater than those achieved under President Reagan and greater than those under former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. This has been a challenge, given that before Republicans took charge of the House, total spending to gross domestic production had skyrocketed from 21 to 24 percent. Discretionary spending alone went from 7 percent to 10 percent. We were drowning in debt. One of the first measures in restoring financial common sense advanced by Republicans was the Budget Control Act that decreased government spending by more than $2 trillion over 10 years. By flexing the power of the purse, the Republicanled House reduced spending from 9.1 to 6.5 percent of gross domestic product. The second significant and successful debt reduction measure came in the form of the RyanMurray deal. This extended the Budget Control Act savings an additional 2 years. Newly hired Federal employees are now required to contribute more to pension plans, and taxpayers contribute less. The spending reductions that were impacting mandatory spending for the first time resulted in faster and greater debt reduction. The very first meaningful entitlement reform that provided even greater debt reduction came from the Republicanled Medicare reform legislation that has been enacted, known as the doc fix. Now, while this legislation provided a permanent patch of the Medicare outpatient payment system, securing access to care, health care for America’s older adults, the reforms are estimated to save $2.9 trillion over 10 years in Medicare’s unfunded liabilities. This leadership reduced the debt and supported the Medicare program’s sustainability. While the Republicanled Congress has taken action on debt reduction, much work remains. Raising awareness of the threats that debt creates for fiscal health, individual opportunity, upward mobility, and national security is a critical step. I want to say thank you to the students at Penn State University who are involved in leading the Up to Us 
project for their work in this effort. I wish them the best of luck as they continue to work to bring attention to this very important issue. I look forward to working with them as we continue to work at eliminating the debt that threatens their future and the future of our Nation. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota) at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Tyrone M. Thomas, Charity Church, Baltimore, Maryland, offered the following prayer: O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is Your name on all the Earth. We come before You today, first thanking You for another day You have allowed us to see and partake in. We thank You for Your grace, mercy, and loving kindness you have extended to us on this day. God, we thank You for allowing us to arrive at destinations free from hurt, harm, or danger. We ask You now, God, that You would allow our day to be a productive, purposeful, and peaceful day. Creator and God, we ask that You allow us to remain focused and on task as we go about our daytoday responsibilities. We ask Your continued blessings upon every Member of the House of Representatives who are represented here today. We ask that You would lead, guide, and strengthen their ability to make sound decisions for Your people. God, as we conclude our day, we want to hear You say: Well done, thy good and faithful servant. We ask all these things in the name of the God who created all and who made all things. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. BEATTY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today is National Agriculture Day, where we recognize and celebrate the important role that agriculture plays in the United States. As a lifelong farmer—on a small scale at times—and a longtime Christmas tree grower, I am committed to actively engaging in the creation of responsible farm policies that honor taxpayers while protecting the way of life of North Carolina’s farming families. The Fifth District of North Carolina has a rich agricultural tradition, and it is a privilege to work with local farmers to ensure they have the tools they need to continue producing their outstanding commodities. I will keep looking for legislative innovations that ensure North Carolina’s farmers are free to compete, adapt, and seize opportunities to safely maximize production and meet the needs of America and the world. 
RECOGNIZING THE GIRL SCOUTS (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the young women of Girl Scout Daisy Troop 1944, ages 6 to almost 8 years of age, who recently visited my office. After meeting with them, I was truly inspired. Mr. Speaker, they alerted me to all their great work, from volunteering in a local animal shelter to hosting a birthday party for homeless children. We also discussed the importance of civic engagement and honoring our Nation’s veterans. The members of this impressive troop are Roxanne Dion, Kirsten Wilson, Harley Craig, Cecelia Rodriguez, Aubree Meyerin, Kileigh Solberg, Brooklyn Cress, DeLana Windnagel, Lily Denovo, Georgia Woodward, Allison Helser, Kaylee Thompson, and Isabelle Jones. During Women’s History Month, let us pay tribute to the next generation of women leaders, like the young women of Daisy Troop 1944. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the works of the 1.9 million girl members of the Girl Scouts as well as the individuals who volunteer to help them as troop leaders, their parents, and Girl Scouts CEO Anna Maria Chavez, all who strive to make the world a much better place. I say to you, Daisy troops: Job well done. f 
MINNESOTA’S FIRST FEMALE BRIGADIER GENERAL (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, in honor of Women’s History Month, I rise today to celebrate an inspiring woman who now has a permanent spot in Minnesota’s history books. Last week Sandra Best became the first female Brigadier General in the Minnesota National Guard. General Best was a 20yearold college student when she joined the Air National Guard in 1984. During her 32 years of service, Best has proven her dedication to this Nation and to Minnesota through a variety of leadership positions. In her new position as Brigadier General, Best will serve as the chief of staff for the Minnesota National Guard and will be in charge of the 133rd Airlift Wing and the 148th Fighter Wing. General Best is a true trailblazer. She has broken down barriers and forged a path that other women are sure to follow. It is with great respect and great pride that I recognize her today. 
HONORING DR. JUAN FRANCISCO LARA (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Dr. Juan Francisco Lara. Dr. Lara passionately advocated for access to the University of California system for all students. For over 35 years, he was involved at UCLA and the University of California, Irvine, in many roles, including dean, professor, and assistant vice chancellor. At UCI, Dr. Lara played a pivotal role in the Santa Ana Partnership, an educational partnership between UCI, Cal State Fullerton, Santa Ana College, and the Santa Ana Unified School District, which is now a national model in collaborative education. Dr. Lara was a devoted husband, father, and grandfather known for his commitment to community and love for his family. I counted him as my friend. He believed that, with the power of knowledge, kindness, and education, we could change the world. On behalf of the people of California’s 46th Congressional District, I am proud to honor this inspiring and incredible man. 
RETIREMENT OF MIKE BROWN (Mr. MCCLINTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express the heartfelt gratitude of the people of the Tahoe Basin for Chief Mike Brown of the North Lake Tahoe Fire Department. On March 18, Chief Brown will close a distinguished career of 26 years with that department, including 9 years as its chief, and a total of 37 years as a firefighter. The greatest environmental threat to the Tahoe Basin is catastrophic wildfire. Chief Brown has led the fight to develop community wildfire protection plans, promote best practices for fire management, and educate the public on maintaining defensible space. His success is measured not only in the fires he has extinguished but, far more important and far less appreciated, the fires he has prevented. Chief Brown has been a tireless advocate for restoring sound management to our public lands to protect our communities, and Tahoe has been most fortunate to have had him. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RODERICK ‘‘ROD’’ DURHAM (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to mourn the loss of Roderick ‘‘Rod’’ Durham, a Tallahassee teacher, actor, community leader, role model, and dear friend. Rod was born in Maryland in 1964 and moved to Tallahassee in his teens. He graduated from Leon High School in 1982 with my sister, Cissy, and then returned to teach there in 1997. However, Rod was far, far more than a teacher. He was a role model. His students knew they could trust to confide in him or look to him for inspiration in difficult times. His personality was larger than life. He embodied joy and happiness. His positive energy would fill any room with smiles, love, and laughter. His loss is heartbreaking for so many in north Florida, but I am blessed to have called him my friend. Our community will be forever grateful for his service and spirit. Rest in peace, dear friend. Rest in peace. 
PENN HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Penn High School girls basketball team for winning the Class 4A Girls Basketball State Championship on Saturday, February 27. This impressive achievement is the program’s first State title. The Kingsmen team entered the game ranked fourth in the division, but didn’t let that deter them. They took a 31–30 lead at the beginning of the third quarter. The momentum continued when, after a pair of big runs, the team opened a 19point lead early in the fourth quarter. The Kingsmen rolled past the defending champs, the Columbus North Bulldogs, to win the championship 68–48. They finished the night shooting 52 percent from the floor and, after getting outrebounded in the first half, topped the Bulldogs over the final 16 minutes. This is truly an exciting victory, and it is because of the dedication of Coach Kristi Ulrich and the hard work of these student athletes that this honor has been earned. Mr. Speaker, the names of the student athletes are: Kaitlyn Marenyi, Amber Smith, Makenzie Kilmer, Sara Doi, Chloe Foley, Delaney Jarrett, Tia Chambers, Claire Carlton, Camryn Buhr, Lindsay Chrise, Lindsy Kline, Kamra Solomon, and Janessa Chesnic. Also, Coach Kristi Kaniewski Ulrich. On behalf of the people of Indiana’s Second Congressional District, I applaud Kristi for building this team, thank the student athletes for their determination, and congratulate them all on an amazing season. f 
HONORING SOONTOBE BRIGADIER GENERAL JEANNIE LEAVITT (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, every day is a good day to honor the achievements of strong women in our lives, but March is a special time of year to highlight the stories of trailblazing women who serve as leaders in our communities and around the Nation. This Women’s History Month, I would like to recognize Colonel and soontobe Brigadier General Jeannie Leavitt, a woman who knows a thing or two about breaking through glass ceilings. In fact, as the Air Force’s first female fighter pilot, the sky has always been her limit. Colonel Leavitt will soon take command of the 57th Wing at Nellis Air Force Base back in my district, becoming the first woman to ever do so. This will make her the highest ranking female officer ever at Nellis and will place her in charge of our military’s most important air combat testing and training assets. While Colonel Leavitt’s distinguished career in the United States Air Force has been filled with many firsts for women, it is important to remember that her achievements are a result of her being the best officer and commander for the job, man or woman. 
FIX THE IMMIGRATION SYSTEM (Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the time to fix our broken immigration system is now. This is the time to make sure that families are unified and children aren’t taken from their parents, the time to make sure we secure our southern border to prevent the illegal flow of people and drugs, the time to make sure that we know who is in our country and to make sure that they don’t represent a security threat to American citizens. The time is long overdue. I hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle appreciate that we need to work together to restore the rule of law, secure our border, and make sure there is a path to legalization for the 11 million people who work hard every day and contribute to make our country even greater. In doing immigration reform, we can reduce our deficit by over $200 billion. That is an estimate of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. Part of those savings go to securing our southern border and enforcing our laws, which remain completely unenforced because they are unenforceable. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work together to finally fix our broken immigration system with one that works, restore the rule of law, and recognize that we are a Nation of laws and a Nation of immigrants. f 
b1215 ANTITRUMP DEMONSTRATORS (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, WMAL Radio in Washington reported yesterday that a group affiliated with Senator BERNIE SANDERS  tweeted out a congratulations to those who forced the cancellation of the Trump rally in Chicago this past Friday, calling it a great victory. This morning, Willie Geist, a cohost of the Morning Joe television program, said that one poll showed that 88 percent said Mr. Trump had actually been helped by the extremism of the anti Trump demonstrators in Chicago. Then Joe Scarborough reported that Mr. Trump had gone up 6 points in one poll in Florida since the Chicago protests, despite having $25 million in negative ads against him. It was sad to see such hateful intolerance on public display this past Friday, and I am pleased that no conservatives are doing things like this to Clinton or Sanders rallies. I have not endorsed anyone in this Presidential campaign, but these anti free speech thugs and their leftist supporters should realize that all they did was make Donald Trump more popular. 
RECOGNIZING RUNNING START (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as the first Hispanic woman elected to serve in Congress and as the 2016 Republican cochair of Running Start, I am proud to recognize the great work that Running Start does to empower young women to become engaged in elective office. Since its inception almost 10 years ago, Running Start has trained over 10,000 young ladies, many of whom are currently assisting in our congressional offices throughout the Star Fellowship program. I have seen firsthand the level of commitment and professionalism that these young women possess. My office was introduced to Whitney Holliday, our first Start fellow, in 2009. Since then we have hosted a number of remarkable young women, including Lucinda Borque, Alexandra Curtis, Sarah Fink, and Shannon Carney. One of my staffers, Taylor Johnson, is also a proud alumna of this wonderful Running Start program. They have all proven to be resilient young women with the skills necessary to thrive and become the leaders of tomorrow. 
RECOGNIZING STATE SENATOR TOMMIE WILLIAMS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Senator Tommie Williams and his retirement from the Georgia State Senate. Since first being elected to office in 1998, Senator Williams has spent the last 18 years representing his South Georgia constituents in extraordinary fashion. Through the years, Senator Williams’ hard work and passion has flourished as he has moved through the ranks from majority leader to President pro tempore, always working to keep Georgia’s economy growing. As a true conservative from Lyons, Georgia, a great friend, and a passionate lawmaker, Senator Williams’ service to the State of Georgia will be missed. I wish my friend the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of National Agriculture Day. Today we celebrate the farmers and ranchers who literally work to put the food on our dinner tables. Last week I was in Posen, Michigan, and met the Styma family. They are growing hundreds of thousands of potatoes each year that families across the country will enjoy. The next time you put a cherry on your ice cream sundae, think of Glen and Ben LaCross, who not only work full time raising cherries in northern Michigan, but also manage a fruit processing business to make delicious products, like maraschino cherries and pie fillings, available in Michigan and around the country. Farmers, ranchers, and agribusiness owners and workers don’t just provide food and fiber for the Nation; they are an important part of our economy. In Michigan alone, the agriculture industry contributes over $100 billion annually to the economy, accounting for a quarter of Michigan’s workforce. As a member of the House Committee on Agriculture, I want to thank the farmers, producers, and agribusiness workers who feed and clothe America’s families. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4596, SMALL BUSINESS BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3797, SATISFYING ENERGY NEEDS AND SAVING THE ENVIRONMENT ACT Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 640 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Committee on Rules met and reported out a rule for H.R. 4596, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act, and H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act. House Resolution 640 provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 4596 and H.R. 3797. The resolution provides each bill 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Additionally, the resolution provides for the consideration of five amendments offered to H.R. 3797, as well as one amendment offered to H.R. 4596. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the resolution provides for a motion to recommit for each bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the resolution and the underlying legislation. The SENSE Act would modify the EPA’s CrossState Air Pollution Rule and Mercury and Air Toxics Standards as they apply to coal refuse toenergy power plants, while still requiring those facilities to reduce their emissions. There are only 19 coal refusetoenergy facilities in the United States, but they provide an estimated 1,200 direct and 4,000 indirect jobs, many of them in economically depressed areas. In addition to providing wellpaying jobs and generating affordable energy, these power plants also address issues presented by coal refuse at no cost to the taxpayer. Coal refuse is a waste product of coal mining found near many abandoned coal mines, and they present environmental and safety hazards to communities around the country. They are a source of major fires. They pollute waters. They are eyesores that threaten economic development in the surrounding areas. In Pennsylvania alone, the cost of addressing coal refuse is estimated to be $2 billion. Coal refusetoenergy plants use coal refuse as an energy to generate affordable and reliable electricity, and it is estimated that these facilities have removed 214 million tons of coal refuse from the environment, again, at no cost to the taxpayer, and they also generate electricity, in addition to removing this coal refuse. However, only a few of the most recently built coal refusetoenergy plants can comply with the EPA’s CrossState Air Pollution Rule and their Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, neither of which took the unique characteristics of these facilities into account. Because coal refuse is a waste product containing varying levels of sulfur and other regulated contaminants, the plants using it need rules that reflect this variability. The EPA refused to provide any flexibility, placing the continued operation of these coal refusetoenergy plants in doubt. One way the SENSE Act would correct this is by making adjustments to sulfur dioxide allowances for these plants, without lowering the overall cap on emissions. Forcing these plants to close would harm our communities, it would actually hurt jobs, it would make our environmental problems worse, not better, and it would cost our taxpayers more money. The other bill under consideration is the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act, and it would exempt Internet service providers with 250,000 subscribers or fewer from having to implement the FCC’s enhanced transparency requirements under the 2015 Open Internet Order. Under this legislation, the exemption would remain in effect for 5 years, enabling these small Internet service providers to focus on expanding their networks and improving connectivity. This is a major issue for my congressional district, which includes a lot of rural communities, and they are in need of faster Internet. Many of the communities I serve in rural southeast and southwest Ohio do not have a 4G like connection. I know that this is an issue that is shared by many districts across the country, many Members across the country, from both sides of the aisle. So I am hopeful that this measure will pass with strong bipartisan support. It is also important to note that the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act does not prevent consumers from accessing information, as the disclosure requirements from the 2010 Open Internet Order remain in effect. I look forward to debating these bills with my colleagues. I urge support for the rule and the underlying pieces of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. b1230 Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule and the first of the two underlying bills. The second one is largely uncontroversial. The first, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment bill—socalled Saving the Environment bill—the SENSE Act, actually leads to greater risks and more contaminations I will discuss; and then the second, the noncontroversial bill, is called the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. I’m a little curious as to why we are going through this particular rule process. This could be scheduled for a suspension vote. We could have possibly even done it with unanimous consent and probably finished it yesterday. But apparently the Republicans don’t find that there is anything important that America wants Congress to address, so they have us debating bills that are largely not controversial that we could get done in a matter of minutes and, instead, are spending several hours debating these bills, one of which will go nowhere, the other of which we could have done very quickly to avoid this Congress having the real discussions that I believe the American people want us to undertake. When I go back home and have townhalls and hear from constituents, I hear people crying out for a Congress that will do something about our Federal budget deficit and that will actually pass a budget. You will see later in my remarks I will mention that our previous question motion will be one that would require Congress to stay in session until we pass a budget, because there has been discussion—I hope it is not true—that the Republicans are thinking of giving up on passing a budget in the House and simply sending all of Congress home for a vacation. I think, already, Congress is scheduled to finish Wednesday of next week. Most Americans have to work Thursday and Friday of next week. I don’t know why Congress only has to work 2
1⁄2days. But that is what they are telling us. If we can’t even accomplish a budget during those 2
1⁄2days, I don’t know what we expect the American people to think we are doing. So we should be talking about the tough decisions we need to make: How do we reduce the deficit and make the necessary investments in growth? How do we pass a budget? How do we fix our broken immigration system with one that works, one that secures our borders, unites families, and has a pathway to citizenship for those who work hard and contribute to our country? How do we make sure that we can improve and build upon the successes of the Affordable Care Act, recognize its shortcomings, and make the improvements necessary to move it forward? But, no, instead, we are not doing that. We are taking up a controversial bill, the SENSE Act, that won’t become law. It has a misleading title. It won’t do anything to satisfy American energy needs and certainly will not help the environment, which is why it is opposed by many environmental groups. The SENSE Act makes anything but sense. What would make sense, of course, is discussing and voting on a budget. What would make sense is passing immigration reform. What would make sense is making progress towards balancing our budget. What would make sense is investing in research to cure cancer. What would make sense is doing our best to make America secure. But, no, instead, we are discussing something that the Republicans have given the title the SENSE bill to, perhaps to overcompensate for the fact that it simply doesn’t make sense. Now, Republicans know the SENSE Act won’t become law. Instead, we are spending, I don’t know, half a day, threequarters of a day bringing up yet another partisan attack on the Environmental Protection Agency, whose job it is to protect our air. We all breathe the air. Democrats, Republicans, Independents, animals, and 
plants all breathe the air. What we need is common sense to improve our air quality and move forward. What we need are solutions to break through congressional gridlock. Again, this set of rules in this bill— which I call upon my colleagues to vote down—is clear that the Republicans are not serious. They are either unable or unwilling to bring forward fresh ideas or address the issues that our constituents are crying out that we need to deal with. This bill is simply another form of pandering when we should be taking advantage of the few remaining weeks we have of session to address the real problems of our Nation. Now, these two bills under one rule are completely unrelated. When the Speaker came into office, he promised we would move bills with regular order. I don’t understand why we can’t pass the noncontroversial one. I would have gotten it done already and then had more of an open process. We did an amendment in Rules Committee to allow for an open amendment process on the SENSE Act, but it was voted down on a partisan vote. Unfortunately, the two were combined under one rule, and I am very disappointed it is not an open rule. We need to move forward on FAA reform, making sure that we reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration to keep our skies that we rely on for commerce and tourism safe and open. We face an imminent expiration of that. We need to reauthorize the Child Nutrition Act, the Higher Education Act, find a solution to the affordable housing crisis. And, yes, we need to pass a budget. All of those things should be done before Congress gives itself another vacation. I think that is common sense. We wonder why, in poll after poll, Congress has an approval rating of 12 percent or 14 percent. I sometimes wonder who those 12 percent are. I wonder who those 12 percent are, because I haven’t met any of my constituents that have said: ‘‘Congress is doing great. Keep on doing what you are doing.’’ I think they misunderstand the question and they are probably answering in the negative, because I don’t understand how any American could be satisfied with a United States Congress that punts and punts and punts on issue after issue and instead spends its entire days and weeks, on the rare occasion when it is in session, debating bills that won’t go anywhere and won’t be signed into law and then promptly give themselves additional vacation time as an extra bonus while patting themselves on the back. That is not the Congress that the American people want. First, let me talk about the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. Again, it is a bipartisan bill. I think we could have done it on suspension or unanimous consent on Monday. We could have finished it. I come from the private sector. I operated several businesses, grew them over time and played various roles. Do you know what? In the private sector, when you can get something done quickly, the last thing you want to do is draw it out, to spend a couple of days on it. So if we have something that Congress could have finished Monday evening so that we could get moving and discussing and debating the important issues that the American people are crying out for Congress to address, why didn’t we do it then? Why didn’t we do it then? If they are drawing out something and having us spend half a day on something, then I think, because of the hard work of many Members who collaborated on this, we could probably complete it in 10 or 15 minutes. This legislation is important, of course. I think we can pass it. The bill would make the temporary exemption that the FCC granted to ISPs with 100,000 or fewer subscribers and extend and expand the cap to ISPs with 250,000 or fewer subscribers that addresses bipartisan concerns about speeds and costs and gives regulatory certainty to Internet service providers, keeps the exemption level at a level that protects consumers, keeps the Internet free and open, doesn’t allow large Internet service providers to act as gatekeepers that favor some content over others; and Congress should take notice of the administration’s statement on this legislation, which cautions about bills that move towards threatening the open Internet. But on this exemption, specifically, I don’t think we have enough information to know whether it needs to be made permanent, so I support the efforts of this bill to spur the FCC to provide needed information. Again, I think there are a lot of Democrats and Republicans who have worked hard on this bill. We probably could have dispensed with it on Monday. But, hey, here we are. We are dealing with it under this rule. I thought, if we are going through the rulemaking process, we should at least offer an open rule. Every piece of legislation, even if it is passable, ought to encourage ideas from Democrats and Republicans in amendments to make it better. But, no, under this rule, the Rules Committee shut down the open amendment process and is not allowing Democrats or Republicans to offer germane, relevant amendments on the floor to the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. Now, moving on to the SENSE Act— or the nonSENSE act, as I like to call it—it won’t become law. We spend a lot of time debating bills that won’t become law. In fact, this House, apparently for lack of anything more important to do, has voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act over 60 times. The good news is we are not doing that again today. I thank the Speaker for not having us repeal the Affordable Care Act for the 65th time this week. That would have been a waste of time. Instead, the Republicans are being creative about how we are going to waste our time. This is a new way to waste our time. Rather than discussing the budget or the FAA reauthorization or childhood nutrition or balancing our budget or fixing our broken immigration system, rather than doing any of those important things, we found a new and clever way to waste the time of the United States Congress in debate of a bill that will not become law. Now, thank goodness it won’t become law because the nonSENSE act is bad for Americans and poor for our health. It is a convoluted, senseless manner going after the Environmental Protection Agency’s CrossState Air Pollution Rule, which is called CSAPR, and going after the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, which is called MATS. Specifically, this bill would change the requirements for plants that use coal refuse. Now, there are about 20 of these coal refuse plants in the entire country. What this bill would do is it would abandon the marketbased approach for sulfur dioxide emission allowances in favor of a onesizefitsall Federal Government approach. So this bill is effectively a Federal takeover of the regulatory structure around our coal refuse plants. Again, it is a particularly creative way to waste Congress’ time, and it is ironic because the Republicans often attack efforts to take away control from the States. They say: How dare you Democrats suggest that anything can be done better at the national level. How dare you suggest that. How dare you suggest something that contravenes the 10th Amendment. Do you know what? In this bill, the Republicans are proposing taking away State authority and a Federal takeover, because currently States have control over the incentives and work with coal refuse plants, but this simply says the Federal Government should override that work. Now, that seems hypocritical. It seems against the philosophy that many Republicans have come here arguing, and it leads me to believe that many proponents of this bill seem to value their special interest pork over their philosophical integrity. Now, this bill would create a system that the government picks winners and losers rather than markets. CSAPR has a trading program that allows plants to conform to emissions standards in different ways, like trading emission allowances; and that program, that marketbased program, would be thrown out of the window with this legislation and the keys would be handed over to the Federal Government. Even more astonishing is allowing coal refuse plants to slip through loopholes in order to balance our credits actually makes it harder for regular coal plants to meet their pollution reduction goals. I honestly don’t know if the Republicans have thought about the impact of this bill or what it would do. Now, again, knowing that it won’t become law is simply a creative way 
for Congress to waste its time as congressional approval sinks even lower. I know that the Republicans have often accused some Democrats of engaging in a war on coal, but with this particular bill, they are the ones attacking the coal industry. The Republicans claim that this legislation is needed to allow coal refuse plants to be able to meet various air quality standards under the MATS rule, yet throughout the entire rulemaking process there hasn’t been any evidence that they can’t meet the standards that are already in place. That was recently confirmed by the D.C. circuit court. Now, it is apparent that both CSAPR and MATS are workable, smart rules that approximately 20 coal refuse plants in our country can abide by in flexible, marketoriented ways. I want to be clear. Leaving coal refuse to spontaneously combust or seep into the ground via acid rain is simply unacceptable, and we need to be cleaning it up; but allowing the plants that are processing it to do so with a weak compliance system is harmful to our health, our homes, our communities, and the environment. Simply put, this bill is an unnecessary, imprudent bill that does nothing to help our environment or put our country on the right track. I oppose the rule, in addition to H.R. 3797. Today we could have shown the American people that Congress can come together and do something to solve important issues in a bipartisan manner, to keep our skies safe and open, protecting commerce, by reauthorizing the FAA to pass a bipartisan budget which balances our budget and deals with our deficit; to improve the Child Nutrition Act, the Higher Education Act, any of the myriad challenges that I hear about and, frankly, I believe my Republicans hear about in their townhalls. I don’t think when we are home and hearing from our constituents—by the way, I haven’t received a single letter about this coal refuse bill. I haven’t heard it in any of my townhalls or gotten calls from any of my constituents. They want us dealing with the pressing issues facing the American people. We have 84 days of session left in this Congress. By the way, Congress works 84 days. Most Americans have at least 145 days that they go to work. As an example of that, Congress is scheduled to leave town next Wednesday, will have 2 days off that week, then 2 weeks off, then another day off. So that is the type of schedule we are running here. People wonder what Congress is doing. The answer is we are not doing anything. When we are here, we are spending more time than necessary on uncontroversial bills and we are debating bills that won’t become law, and then we all go home and take a vacation. That is the Republican Congress. That is the image of what the Republican Congress is and how they are running this institution. It spends a lot of time debating something that you don’t even need to. It spends other time debating things that aren’t going to become law, like repealing the Affordable Care Act over 60 times and like this nonSENSE Act, and then gives Congress much greater vacation time than the American people enjoy because, apparently, Republicans think this Congress is doing so well that we all deserve a lot of vacation. Democrats want to stay here and work on the budget. That is going to be our previous question. We believe we should get a budget done. We would like it to be a bipartisan budget. It certainly is a governing majority. We encourage Republicans to pass a budget, but if they don’t have the votes, then, by all means, let’s do a bipartisan budget that makes sense for our country. b1245 You will find us willing to roll up our sleeves and get to work, stay here this weekend, stay here next Thursday and Friday, stay here the following week. Let’s get this done. This is the work the American people want to see done. They want to see a budget. They want to see competence. We need to show people that Congress and competence are not mutually exclusive; yet, we continue to do the exact opposite by this course under this rule of debating a bill—and wasting a day— that won’t even become law. Now, look, we have an opportunity here. A vote on this rule is an important vote for that reason. If we defeat this rule—and I call upon my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do so—we can truly send the message that we want to spend time debating the issues that the American people care about. We want to fix the budget, the deficit, immigration, health care. Let’s roll up our sleeves and get to work rather than continue to blame the President for this or that or blame the Democrats for this or that. I am honestly curious. If we can’t blame the President because he was on time with his budget and you can’t blame the Democrats because we are willing to roll up our sleeves and work with you on a budget deal, who are the Republicans going to blame if they can’t deliver a budget? I remember the Republicans assailing the Democrats for not delivering budgets. I am sure my colleague will remind me of that yet again. But, again, that is something that you criticized us on. If you can’t deliver a budget yourself, what is the use of the American people even having the Republicans here? What use was that criticism of the Democrats for not delivering budgets on time if the Republicans themselves don’t have the ability to deliver a budget? Now, look, we can deliver a budget with you. If the Republicans are unable to because there is freedom this or liberty that or all these different buzzwords out there for people who don’t want to vote for a budget, we are happy to work with the Republicans on a budget. Ultimately, what comes out of this process between the House and the Senate is usually some bipartisan buy in into the budget, anyway. We are happy to start here with you. The perfect time to do that is now. The perfect time to do that is next Thursday and Friday and the following week. I think we owe the American people a budget rather than an enormous vacation, a paid vacation, for Members of Congress. Look, we can do better by voting down this rule. I promise you we will do better. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to clear up some misconceptions about the calendar, the budget, the rule, and the SENSE Act. With regard to the calendar, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know how the gentleman from Colorado manages his calendar. But when I go home to my district—and I won’t speak for every Member of Congress—it is certainly not a vacation. I am home meeting with constituents, touring businesses, and letting my constituents talk to me so that I know what they think so that I can do my job of representing them. That is how most of the 435 Members of this Chamber treat the district workweeks. To assume that we are only working when we are in Washington, the other side of the aisle might love Washington, but I prefer to be home in my district working with people and then come back to Washington to represent them. With regard to things we have done, the gentleman talked about the Affordable Care Act, but he ignored the fact that I believe—and I may get this wrong, but I am close—seven of the changes to the Affordable Care Act were signed into law. The gentleman talked about a budget. He did finally acknowledge that, when the Democrats were in charge, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t pass a budget. I have been here since 2011, when we took over the majority, and we have passed a budget every year and have passed a budget that balances. I believe we are going to pass a budget this year. I hope not to be proved wrong, Mr. Speaker, but we are working hard at it. With regard to the rule, the gentleman seems to want to have it both ways. He says that the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act should have been done on suspension, on the one hand, and then he wants an open rule that would eat up even more time, on the other hand. I am not sure which it is he wants here, but let’s have it one way or the other. And then, finally, on the SENSE Act, the gentleman from Colorado ignores the fact that this bill does not change 
the overall emissions cap. He wants to talk about how it loosens the overall emissions cap. It does not. Let’s be clear. It does not change the overall emissions cap. It provides flexibility for only 19 refusetopower plants across this country, and it saves money because it would cost $2 billion in Pennsylvania alone just to clean up that refuse around these coal mines. It is dangerous and it is bad for the environment. Providing this flexibility does not change our overall emissions, but it does help get those reclamation sites cleaned up cheaper, not as a cost to the taxpayer, and provides an additional benefit of jobs in energy. That sounds pretty American to me. I think it is time to end this war on coal that some people in this administration and the other side of the aisle have. That is what the SENSE Act would do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Ohio talked about what we do when we are back home. Of course we tour businesses, meet with people, and do all of those wonderful things. What I hear from them is: Why aren’t you back in Washington solving problems? Look, I represent one of the most beautiful districts in the entire country: Winter Park, Vail, the beautiful Flatirons near Boulder, Rocky Mountain National Park, Estes Park, the great Arts Center in Loveland, and Fort Collins. I love nothing more than going home. But when we got elected to this position, Mr. Speaker, we promised our constituents that we will make a sacrifice. Part of that sacrifice is saying: You know what. We are going to take some time away, leave our friends and family, to work for the good of the country, to roll up our sleeves and actually solve problems. As much as I would like to be back in Colorado, in my beautiful district, right now and I would rather personally be hiking in the hills above our home in north Boulder than I would be debating the finer points of coal refuse policy with the gentleman from Ohio, that is what I signed up for. I know, Mr. Speaker, that that is what he signed up for, too. We signed up to do work. We owe the American people a budget. We should stay here until we complete that budget, even if it means canceling the vacation that we have scheduled. And, yes, that vacation—when we are back home, we can’t do legislative work. Sure, we can put on an apron and visit a local kitchen. We do, and I do. And you know what, it is part of the job. I am happy to do it. But we can’t pass a single law while we are back home. It is impossible, Mr. Speaker, to pass a budget while we are all back home and Congress is not in session. It is not possible if Congress is not in session. The gentleman asked: What is a better way to proceed with this noncontroversial bill and the controversial bill? Look, either way is fine if we had an open rulemaking process, an open rule. At least there would be some point to these discussions on the floor. There would be Republicans and Democrats who might have ideas to make these bills better that would be bringing them forward. At least there would be some point to it. But, no, there is no point to it. Because we are debating it, we know the outcome, and Republicans and Democrats can’t even offer their bills to enhance it. We are prohibited during all of this time debating one bill that is largely noncontroversial and one bill that isn’t going anywhere and won’t become law. We are spending the entire week debating these bills—or most of the week. I know we will be back to discuss another court case relating to immigration later this week. But the bulk of the week is debating this rather than the budget, securing our border, keeping the American people safe, growing the economy, creating jobs, investing in infrastructure, FAA authorization, any of those issues. But when I am back home and visiting businesses, I hear about it from my constituents. You would think that, with all the time we spend back home that the gentleman from Ohio calls nonvacation time because we are always listening to people, we would listen more and actually do what the American people say. Are the American people saying to address the miniscule aspects of the coal refuse plant and CSAPR and MATS? Let me be honest, Mr. Speaker. Until this debate, I thought CSAPR was just a friendly ghost, because the American people back in my district are not really about CSAPR and MATS. In fact, once I understood them, I thought they sounded good. They are marketbased approaches. I don’t think this Federal takeover that the Republicans are proposing is a good idea. Instead, if we are spending all this time listening back home, which we certainly are because Congress is hardly working here, then at least let’s listen to what the American people say. I believe they are speaking strongly with one voice, whether they are Republican or Democratic. I hear the same things from my constituents, the unaffiliated constituents, the Republicans, the Democrats, the Greens, the Libertarians. What they all tend to say, what they all say, is: Go do your job. Pass a budget. Pass a budget. Democrats believe that. Republicans believe that. Unaffiliated voters believe that. Greens, Libertarians, and the American Constitution Party believe that. If I have left out any other parties, I am pretty sure in saying that they also think that Americans should have a budget. We have budgets for our households. I have a budget for my household. We have budgets for our States. Doesn’t the American Congress owe the American people a budget? Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to prohibit the House from going on recess next week until we do our job and pass a budget. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with the extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just like to remind the gentleman from Colorado that, when the Democrats were in charge of Congress, they went on—I will use his word—vacation 4 years in a row without passing a single budget, not a single budget. We have passed a budget every year, and I believe we are going to pass a budget this year, just as a reminder to the gentleman of what happened. I think he wants to have it both ways again, and I would just like to remind him, Mr. Speaker. I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), who listened to his constituents to deal with an issue that is very important to him. I will let him address it. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. In addition to listening to my constituents, I have been listening to my good friend from Colorado about wanting to come here to solve problems. Well, the SENSE Act is about solving a problem. I, too, have a beautiful district. I consider it the most beautiful district in the country. You get on top of some of those mountain vistas and it is breathtaking. But unlike the gentleman from Colorado, there are some scars when you look up at some of those vistas. The scars are a vestige of agesago mining. That is why the SENSE Act, Mr. Speaker, is a smart and important legislative fix to ensure that the coal refusetoenergy facilities can be held to strict, but achievable, standards. Coal refuse, as some of you may know—and perhaps this is an educational moment for people in this country to learn more about what we have up there in Pennsylvania—is a byproduct of historic coalmining operations. Anyone who has driven through coal country has seen the towering black mounds of this material that loom beside cities and towns and countrysides. These mounds catch fire, burning uncontrollably and sending hazardous smoke into the air. Rainwater leaches terrible chemicals from those mounds, polluting nearby rivers and streams. 
The coal refusetoenergy industry turns this material into energy and uses the profits and beneficial residual material to remediate these formerly polluted sites at no cost to the taxpayer. It is really the only feasible solution to this massive environmental problem. I have seen the tremendous work done by the hardworking men and women in this industry firsthand. I have stood on coal refuse piles in the process of remediation. I have walked on the restored sites. Parks and meadows now are regarded as community assets rather than liabilities. Despite all the good that this industry does for Pennsylvania, coal refuse toenergy facilities are under attack from the EPA. The people of my State and other coal States expect us to stand up for them as their environment and livelihoods come under threat from Washington. As we debate the rule for this legislation and prepare for general and amendment debate, I want to share a few stories from the people in this industry. These are people who are proud of the great work they have done for their communities. Unfortunately, their way of life is currently endangered. Bill Turner is a shift supervisor at the A/C Colver coal refuse facility in Cambria County. Bill has served at Colver for 22 years. He is a longterm resident of western Pennsylvania and has lived alongside coal refuse piles for many years. Bill and his colleagues are proud of the reclamation work that his plant and others in the area have been able to complete over the years. He was able to put three kids through college, thanks to his job at Colver, and I should mention that these kids grew up playing soccer on a field reclaimed from a coal refuse site. b1300 When I asked him about the prospect that his industry might be destroyed by the EPA, he remarked, ‘‘To see it disappear would be a travesty.’’ Tim is an operations shift supervisor—a younger man, in his early thirties, with a wife and two small kids. Wages at his plant are well above the area average, and he is planning on building a new house near the plant for his young family. Again, Mr. Speaker, these plants are in economically challenged areas. These jobs that these individuals have are not replaceable. Allowing inflexible EPA orthodoxy to shutter his plant, a plant that supports familysustaining jobs and that repairs the local environment, would be a disaster for Tim and his family. At least 5,200 jobs are at stake, and each one of those jobs is more than just a number. Each job lost is a Tim or a Bill. Each job lost represents a major hardship for an American family. As we debate the SENSE Act, please keep in mind what the bill’s supporters are fighting for. The SENSE Act is about protecting familysustaining jobs and is about ensuring the continuation of the environmental success story of the coal refusetoenergy industry. I urge all Members to support this rule and the SENSE Act today so that we can begin to solve problems. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would, of course, like to remind the gentleman from Pennsylvania that my mountains are higher than his mountains. I also want to let the gentleman know that my district is no stranger to coal mining as well. Coal mines in northern Colorado existed throughout my district and near my district in Marshall, Superior, Louisville, Lafayette, Erie, Dacono, Frederick, and Firestone. The mines employ thousands of people. Just 2 years ago, we observed the 100th anniversary of the Ludlow Massacre, which was an attack by the Colorado National Guard and the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company guards on a tent colony of 1,200 striking coal miners and their families in Ludlow, Colorado, on April 20, 1914. Unfortunately, in that tragedy, two dozen people were killed in that black mark on our Nation’s labor history. I would like to think how far the United Mine Workers have come and how far we have come in protecting workers’ rights. Certainly we understand the legacy of not just coal mining in my district. The gentleman mentioned abandoned mines in the mountain territory of our district. We have many abandoned silver and gold mines. We have an active molybdenum mine right near my district. Many workers live in my district and, of course, mining remains an important part of the West and, of course, of the East as well. Again, I would certainly advance the argument that even coming from a mining district, Congress spending an entire week, basically, debating these two bills is not something that justifies our time here. The gentleman from Ohio rightly mentioned that Democrats did not produce a budget, and yes, that might have been one of the reasons the American people said, ‘‘Okay. Republicans, we will give you a chance. You guys produce a budget.’’ Do you know what? If you guys don’t produce a budget, you guys are blowing that opportunity, Mr. Speaker. If the Republicans can’t deliver a budget, I think the Democrats have learned from experience. I certainly will go out and campaign on—and I think many of my colleagues will say—‘‘Look. The Republicans could not deliver a budget.’’ Most Democrats have learned our lesson. We are going to get back in the majority and we are going to deliver a budget to the American people. I certainly will work very hard to do that. I am proud to be one of about 16 Democrats and a similar number of Republicans who voted for a bipartisan budget in the last Congress. It didn’t pass. It was the only budget that had Democrats and Republicans supporting it. Of course, it also had Democrats and Republicans opposing it in greater numbers, unfortunately; but that is at least the spark—the kind of idea we need to pursue—to be able to work together to govern this country. Rather than spinning our wheels and spending a lot of time debating a bill that isn’t controversial and a lot of time debating a bill that isn’t going anywhere, we should take up important legislation. We should address comprehensive immigration reform; securing our borders, making sure that workers who are important to our country have a way out of the shadows; uniting families; and protecting the security of the American people rather than wasting time in trying to change commonsense rules for 20 coal refuse plants—rules that are working and that have been affirmed by the district court. We could be addressing the Nation’s pressing issues like climate change and carbon emissions and outofcontrol student debt or how we can improve opportunities for the struggling middle class. Rather than wasting the American people’s time and taxpayer dollars on debating a special interest provision, we could take up the Email Privacy Act, which would protect the American people’s privacy and which has 312 cosponsors—more than any other bill in this Congress and which has a solid vetoproof majority. We could take up criminal justice reform, which I know many people on both sides of the aisle feel very strongly about and which I strongly support, which could improve our economy, reduce crime, reduce costs, and is a moral imperative; or as I mentioned, we could take up our budget, as is the duty and responsibility of Congress, rather than all go back to our districts and put on aprons and serve lattes and meet people in our local diners. I urge the House majority to take up these important pieces of legislation, which are supported by a majority of Americans, that are critical to our economy and align with our values rather than to debate stale, unnecessary miner bills that won’t even become law. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just like to remind the gentleman from Colorado that it is not a ‘‘minor’’ bill for the 5,200 people whose jobs are on the line every day right now. Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. It is a ‘‘miner’’ bill. I was spelling ‘‘miner’’ a different way than you. Mr. STIVERS. Okay. That kind of ‘‘miner’’ I am good with. I thank the gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), an esteemed member of both the Rules and Budget Committees. Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend from Ohio for yielding the time to me. Mr. Speaker, I had not planned on coming down here. I know we are on a clock and we are trying to get some things done, but I heard the passionate words of my friend from Colorado—and he is my friend from Colorado. I think about what is, sadly, the sometimes short list of folks who are on the other side of the aisle with whom you can grapple with the really difficult issues of the day in this institution. Mr. POLIS is one of those folks to whom you can always go and have a very candid and serious conversation about things, even those things on which you disagree, which I think is why it has so distressed me to hear some of the words that he had to share today. Now, I confess that this is sometimes part of the show down here on Rules Committee day, and sometimes folks have the talking points, and they are obligated to go through those talking points. Yet, as a member of the Budget Committee and as a relatively young Member in this institution, I would say to my friend from Colorado that the reason approval ratings in this institution are so low is that you and I stand up here and we tell our constituents that they are supposed to be so low. Instead of telling our constituents that we have been working on a budget the way we are supposed to work on a budget—line by line, word by word because it is a serious challenge that deserves a serious solution—we tell folks we have just thrown up our hands and quit. Not true. I sit on the Budget Committee. Tomorrow, from dawn until dusk, we will be in that hearing room doing nothing but budgeting. We will hear every single idea, every single alternative. Every choice that can be made, we are going to make tomorrow. Now, that is not just one day of budgeting; that is the culmination of days, weeks, and months of working together, trying to get this budget done. My friend is right. When I hear constructive criticism about how Republicans ought to work to pass budgets, I know that doesn’t come from this decade, because Democrats have not passed a budget this decade. This House has. Together we have, and I am very proud of that. Every year since I have come to this institution—5 years ago—we have come together and we have passed a budget. Last year, we came together and we passed a budget for the entire United States of America. For the first time in a long time, we got the Senate to move. This is a cooperative exercise, and I am proud to be in it; but we can’t tell people that we are letting them down when, in fact, we are delivering. I look at my friend from Pennsylvania who is delivering on the SENSE Act. I think the nonSENSE Act is a clever term, but the truth is the ‘‘nonsense’’ is suggesting that he is doing anything except the job his constituents sent him to do. He has facilities in his district that are closing down. He has families in his district who are losing their jobs. He has people who are depending on him, his bosses back home in the district depending on him to come and make a difference for them. I get it. Folks over here might not like it, folks over here might not like it, folks over there might not like it, but it is what he gets paid to do. To suggest that bringing his ideas down here is a waste of time is something I reject in the most forceful terms. He is doing what he is supposed to do. I would tell you that, if we all spent less time being focused on being good Republicans and less time on being good Democrats and more on being good servants to the people who sent us here, those approval ratings would take care of themselves. These campaign seasons drive me crazy. Folks spend 18 months not doing their jobs and 6 months raising money, trying to convince people they were. I believe if we do our jobs, we are going to get rewarded for it; and if we don’t do our jobs, we are going to be punished for it; but we have got to be clear about what our job is. KEITH ROTHFUS ’ job is not to make anybody in the great State of Georgia happy or anybody in the great State of Colorado happy. His job is to stand up for families who can’t stand up for themselves in Pennsylvania, and I applaud him for it. His job is to do the things that nobody else in this institution is going to do, because he works for them. This is not a waste of time today. This is exactly what we are supposed to be doing. Don’t you worry about that budget. Your Budget Committee is going to deliver for you, and you are going to be proud of the work product that we do; but we have got to tell folks that representative government still works. We have got to tell folks that Congress still works. We have got to tell folks that they are still the boss of the United States of America. You look at this Bernie Sanders phenomenon and this Donald Trump phenomenon. Folks think they are no longer the boss. I look at KEITH ROTHFUS ’ State, and I know of the good men and women of Pennsylvania who sent him here to stand up in the face of attacks from all sides. He is delivering for his people back home. Vote ‘‘yes’’ or vote ‘‘no.’’ It is your voting card—do what you want to with it—but let’s never impugn one of our colleagues for doing exactly what he was sent here to do, and that is to stand up for the men and women we represent back home. Again, I say to my friend from Colorado, when it comes to the really hard issues of the day, there is no one who I am more comfortable working with. There is no one who is more willing to reach across the aisle, and I admire that vote on the bipartisan budget that he took. That was the very first year that I arrived here. Yet we can’t let these political seasons turn into telling each other why everybody up here is a scoundrel and a cheat. There are some good men and women up here. The gentleman from Colorado is one, the gentleman from Ohio is one, and the gentleman who brings the SENSE Act here before us today is absolutely one. I am proud to serve with each of you. Mr. POLIS. Does the gentleman from Ohio have any remaining speakers? Mr. STIVERS. I am prepared to close. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his thoughtful remarks. Certainly there is no one in this debate who has called anybody a scoundrel or anything of the sort. The specific concerns of Mr. ROTHFUS  would best be addressed in Harrisburg. For the Republicans, that is the capital of Pennsylvania. Don’t worry. I had to ask as well. That is where this could best be addressed. The Republicans have talked a lot about empowering the States to solve problems rather than always coming to Washington to solve our problems for us. Guess what? Harrisburg is empowered to deal with this issue today, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania would be best served in spending time with his Governor, the State regulators, and the State legislature to address the very issues for which he is trying to do this end run in coming to Congress to spend our time here, debating. The gentleman from Georgia also mentioned that they are hard at work on the Budget Committee. I hope so. I mean, I trust the gentleman. I am sure they are. They are working. I hope that this Congress will stay in session long enough to see the results of that and to pass a budget. That is what our ‘‘previous question’’ motion would do. It would simply say that we prohibit the House from going into recess until we do our job and pass a budget. It is entirely consistent with the work that the Budget Committee is doing that will ultimately have to then be reflected in the rankandfile membership on both sides being a part of that process as well, and we owe it to the American people to let that process be completed and to pass a budget. I urge the Republicans to take up these important pieces of legislation that I have talked about—a budget, the FAA reauthorization, the Child Nutrition Act, securing our border and fixing our broken immigration system, balancing our budget, investing in infrastructure, tax reform. These are actions that I hear about back home every day I am back, and I think it is important that we act on them. They are important to our economy and they 
are important to our values as Americans—rather than debating bills that might feel good but won’t become law and ultimately are not the right way to solve our problems. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to urge my colleague from Colorado to use his 5 legislative days to ensure the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD does appropriately say it is a miner act—MINER instead of MINOR act—where he said it was a minor act. I think that is a very important distinction, and it is a distinction with a difference. He made the statement earlier, so I hope he does use his 5 legislative days to correct the RECORD on that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1331 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia) at 1 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 117, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 3797. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 640 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 3797. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1417 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3797) to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall issue, implement, and enforce certain emission limitations and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy, with Mr. WESTMORELAND in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is not often that Congress has the opportunity to help an industry that creates both jobs and energy while also improving the environment, and it is especially rare when we can do that at no cost to the taxpayer. H.R. 3797, the SENSE Act, accomplishes all this. That is why we are here today, and that is why I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the author of the legislation. Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chairman for yielding, and I thank him for the support that he and the Energy and Commerce Committee have expressed for H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act, also known as the SENSE Act. Mr. Chair, the SENSE Act is a vitally important effort that I have championed in various forms for my nearly 3 years in Congress. This bill recognizes the overwhelming success of the endangered coal refusetoenergy industry in making my district in western Pennsylvania and others across coal country healthier and cleaner places to work and live. Without the SENSE Act, coal refuse toenergy facilities will close, and their environmental mediation efforts will end. Contrary to the claims of this legislation’s supposedly environmentalist opponents, the SENSE Act is a proenvironment bill. As many of you know, the coal industry has been an important part of the economy in Pennsylvania for many generations. Historic mining activity unfortunately left behind large piles of coal refuse. These piles consist of lower quality coal mixed with rock and dirt. For a long time, we did not have the technology to use this material, so it accumulated in large piles in cities and towns, close to schools and neighborhoods, and in fields across the countryside. This has led to a number of environmental problems that diminish the quality of life for many people in the surrounding areas. Vegetation and wildlife have been harmed, the air has been polluted, and acid mine drainage has impaired nearby rivers and streams. I have been to many of these sites and seen firsthand the environmental danger they pose. Coal refuse piles can catch fire, causing dangerous and uncontrolled air pollution. Runoff from these sites can turn rivers orange and leave them devoid of life. The cost to clean all this up is astronomical. Pennsylvania’s environmental regulator estimates that fixing abandoned mine lands could take over $16 billion, $2 billion of which would be needed for coal refuse piles alone. 
We needed an innovative solution to this tough challenge. A commonsense compromise was necessary to get the job done and protect the environment. That is where the coal refusetoenergy industry comes in. Using advanced technology, this industry has been able to use this previously worthless material to generate electricity. This activity powers remediation efforts that have so far been successful in removing over 200 million tons of coal refuse and repairing formerly polluted sites across the Commonwealth and other historic coal regions. Thanks to the hard work of the dedicated people in this industry, landscapes have been restored, rivers and streams have been brought back to life, and towns across coal country have been relieved of unsafe and unsightly waste coal piles. They do say that a picture paints a thousand words, and that is what I have here. In the foreground you have a waste coal pile that is under the process of remediation. In the background, the green hillside used to look just like the black foreground that you see here. This has been reclaimed. This is what is happening across Pennsylvania as we restore these hillsides. It is important to note that private sector leadership on this issue has saved taxpayers millions of dollars in cleanup costs. That is why Pennsylvania’s abandoned mine reclamation groups have endorsed my bill, and that is why we have also earned the support of clean water advocates. Unfortunately, intensifying and inflexible EPA regulations threaten to bring much of the coal refuse industry’s activity to a halt. This would leave billions of dollars of vital cleanup unfinished, lead to thousands of job losses, and endanger our energy security. The SENSE Act addresses challenges arising from the implementation of two existing rules: MATS, the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, and CSAPR, known as the CrossState Air Pollution Rule. Though all coal refusefired power generators can meet—can meet—the mercury standard under MATS, many facilities will be unable to meet the rule’s new hydrogen chloride or sulfur dioxide standards. Contrary to what critics allege, the SENSE Act simply provides operators with alternative MATS compliance standards that are strict but achievable. Similarly, although coal refusefired power generators were provided sufficient sulfur dioxide allocations in phase 1 of CSAPR’s implementation, these facilities were allocated insufficient credits in phase 2, which is set to begin in 2017. The SENSE Act seeks to provide coal refusefired power generators with the same allocations levels in phase 2 as in phase 1. My bill also contains provisions to ensure that this change does not simply create a profit center for the industry. Credits allocated as a result of the SENSE Act’s implementation must go to covered plants, specifically those that use bituminous coal refuse, and they cannot be sold off to other operators. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from Pennsylvania an additional 1 minute. Mr. ROTHFUS. In the last Congress, I merely attempted to exempt these facilities from MATS compliance with SO2and HCl. Building upon my efforts, Senators TOOMEY and C ASEY from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania offered a bipartisan amendment providing similar treatment for these plants within the context of both MATS and CSAPR. While this proposal was supported by a bipartisan majority of Senators, it failed to achieve the supermajority necessary to pass. What we are looking to achieve today is much narrower and far more limited than our effort in the last Congress, which received bipartisan support. This should not be a controversial or bipartisan issue. We want to hold this industry to high standards, but standards they can actually achieve. My bill will help keep the coal refuse industry in business so that the local community, economy, and environment will continue to reap the benefits. The people who live near coal refuse piles and all of the communities downstream of these hazards expect us to find a solution. I thank the chairman for his time and cooperation with this vital piece of legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3797. Once again, this House is using valuable time to consider a bill that has no chance of becoming law. H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act, or the SENSE Act, is an unnecessary bill that undermines public health and the environment. Unfortunately, this is no surprise. Throughout this Congress and the previous one, House Republicans have brought many bills to the floor that undermine the Clean Air Act, which also undermines public health and environmental protection. But this bill deserves special recognition because it also undermines States’ authorities and picks winners and losers in the emission reduction effort. H.R. 3797 denies a State’s right to decide which tradeoffs to make in allocating emission credits among different facilities in its jurisdiction. It allows waste coalburning facilities to generate more pollution, forcing other facilities, including traditional coal fired utilities, to find greater emission reductions. The legislation undermines two important public health rules issued under the Clean Air Act. The first is the CrossState Air Pollution Rule, or CSAPR, and the second is the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, or MATS, rule. These rules will help reduce toxic air emissions, including sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, and mercury, which makes the air cleaner and safer to breathe for all of us. CSAPR uses an emissions trading mechanism to incentivize utilities and other facilities to reduce harmful air pollutants. These marketbased mechanisms have been very successful at reducing pollution at the lowest cost. Facilities that become cleaner, either by becoming more efficient, installing pollution control equipment, or by switching to another fuel, generate valuable pollution credits, and they can use these credits or sell them to other facilities. Unfortunately, this legislation undermines the proven market mechanism used in CSAPR. If the SENSE Act were to become law, there would be far less incentive to reduce pollution because the bill effectively reduces the value of making emission control investments. With respect to the second rule, the MATS rule, the bill’s advocates claim that waste coal plants deserve special consideration due to the nature of the fuel that they burn. They argue that these plants are being used to clean up waste coal piles, the coal refuse and other materials that were left over from past coal mining operations. This waste causes land and water pollution problems in many former coal mining areas. While there may be benefits to burning waste coal to generate electricity, it can and should be done in a manner that avoids undue air pollution. Otherwise, the problems that now exist on land and in the water will simply be transferred to the air and spread out over a larger area. Mercury, in particular, is a highly toxic substance that does not break down. It is associated with serious health impacts, including neurotoxicity and cancer. The operators of waste coal facilities asked EPA to consider their facilities separately from other coal plants, but EPA found these facilities are able to comply with these rules and there is no justification for treating waste coal facilities differently from other coal fired generation facilities—and the courts agreed. These are coalburning utilities, and they can use existing pollution control technologies to reduce their emissions. So, Mr. Chairman, under the conditions of CSAPR, States have the authority to design their own emission allocation. Today, a State can allow waste coal facilities to emit higher levels of pollution and impose stricter pollution limits on other facilities if they choose to do so, but this legislation eliminates the State’s flexibility and imposes a onesizefitsall solution on the States. This legislation is essentially coming to the floor to benefit fewer than 20 facilities that exist in a handful of States, with most of the facilities located in Pennsylvania. 
The States already have the ability to provide waste coal facilities with additional emission credits or other assistance if they choose to do so. So the SENSE Act creates more problems than it solves. It is unnecessary. It undermines the incentive to produce cleaner air, which is essential to improving public health and the environment, and it undermines State authority. The White House strongly opposes the bill and has issued a veto threat saying that it would threaten the health of Americans. I agree, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act, or the SENSE Act. Mr. Chairman, coal refuse is an aboveground waste product of coal mining that can pose a number of environmental and safety threats to our country. To address these threats, specialized power plants, known as coal refusetoenergy plants, were developed to recycle their waste product while generating affordable, reliable electricity to the American people. b1430 Yet, the EPA has continually written rules and regulations that will ultimately shut down these specialized plants. The Agency’s CrossState Air Pollution Rule and their Mercury and Air Toxics Standards include certain emission limits that are just not achievable for coal refusetoenergy plants. These EPA regulations will cost and result in billions of dollars in environmental cleanup. This could all be prevented by refusetoenergy plants. That is why H.R. 3797 is so important. It will provide targeted modifications to the EPA rules as they apply to coal refusetoenergy plants. There are no major initiatives. There are no new laws being created. We are only making target modifications to EPA’s CrossState Air Pollution Rule and their Mercury and Air Toxics Standards so Americans can receive safe, affordable energy, keep their jobs, and have a cleaner environment. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3797 so that we can make sure that we continue to create more jobs while making our environment cleaner. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DOYLE ), my colleague. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my ranking member, Mr. PALLONE , for the time. I rise in opposition to the SENSE Act. This bill, introduced by Congressman ROTHFUS from my home State, is an effort to help coal refuse plants, most of which are located in the State of Pennsylvania. Industry estimates that coal waste piles cover approximately 170,000 acres of Pennsylvania, left over from coal mining operations that stopped decades ago. Coal refuse plants then turn this coal waste into a small portion of Pennsylvania’s energy portfolio and play an important part in remediating and rehabilitating the environment. Left alone, these waste coal fields can pollute the groundwater and contaminate other water sources. They can also, if sparked by an ATV, lightning, or other occurrences, burn unabated and release dangerous pollutants at eye level. For years, these waste coal plants have provided an important service, turning environmental hazards into energy. Accordingly, they have enjoyed many years of bipartisan support in my home State. I want to say at the outset I appreciate what Mr. ROTHFUS is trying to do. This is an important issue in our State, and it needs to be addressed. The problem is it is his solution that I can’t support. This bill seeks to make it easier for these plants to comply with two regulations, CSAPR and MATS. It does this not by funding new technology to make plants cleaner or more efficient, reducing costs of operation, or changing electricity contracts. Instead, what the SENSE Act does is two things. It fundamentally changes CSAPR by playing favorites with power sources and then rolls back important standards under MATS. By extending phase 1 implementation standards for SO2for only these plants, but not increasing the overall cap, the SENSE Act prioritizes coal refuse plants over all other sources of electricity. All other sources in my home State have to make up for the extra credits coal refuse plants get to keep. This is bad policy and bad practice. You can’t rob Peter to pay Paul in complying with regulations. The SENSE Act would significantly increase the proportion of SO2credits allocated to coal refuse plants. I have seen estimates that the percentage of SO2credits allocated to these plants would actually double. Again, all other plants in my State would then have to make up the difference. The SENSE Act also removes an important option provided to States under CSAPR: the ability to draft and submit their own compliance plan. At this point, our State has chosen not to take this option, but we shouldn’t remove Pennsylvania’s and other States’ abilities to craft their own implementation plans. The SENSE Act just creates alternative implementation standards for coal refuse plants under MATS that are weaker on protecting our air. What comes next? I know we have implementation dates for NOXstandards that could be tough across the coal industry in my own State. Are coal refuse plants going to come back and say they need another carveout, another exception? This just sets a bad precedent. But it is not just a bad precedent. It is a dangerous precedent. CSAPR and MATS protect the air we breath and help mitigate the impact that we have on our climate. If every single source of power was allowed to make exceptions to rules and regulations, we would be in deep trouble. There are coal refuse plants that burn both bituminous and anthracite waste coal that have said they will be able to comply with CSAPR and MATS. There are only 19 of these facilities in the entire country. Fourteen of them are in Pennsylvania, and five of those plants say they can comply with CSAPR and MATS as currently written. They may need to add some new technology and improve their processes, but that is the nature of the power industry in the 21st century. It is changing. We have to adapt. Bills that roll back or modify these regulations I just don’t believe are the right way forward. I think there may be alternative ways forward on this tough issue. Like I said earlier, these plants provide an important environmental benefit to my home State, and I would like to see it continue. We should look at all available options, whether it is States drafting their own implementation plants, whether it is providing a tax credit for the processing of this coal based on its environmental benefit, incentivizing other plants to cofire with waste coal, or adding new fuel sources at existing waste coal plants. I want to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to take a hard look at this and try to come up with a solution that we can all agree to because this is a critical issue. I want to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for bringing muchneeded attention to waste coal. I hope that we are able to work together on this issue in the future. But, for now, the SENSE Act is not the right solution to the problem, and I must oppose it. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to commend Mr. ROTHFUS once again for introducing this important legislation. We find ourselves here today because the EPA in the Obama administration has been more aggressive than any EPA in history. I might say that the Supreme Court recently issued a stay on the clean energy plan because it was so extreme, so unprecedented, that even legal scholars 
like Professor Larry Tribe at Harvard University said that the clean energy plan was like tearing up the Constitution of the U.S., that what they are doing under that plan is so extreme. What we are talking about here is we are talking about 19 coal refusetoenergy facilities operating in America. They employ about 1,200 people directly, about 4,000 people indirectly, and they have a payroll of about $84 million a year. Each one of these plants, on average, is less than 100 megawatts. The amount of emissions is very small. But the fact that they are able to use coal refuse that has been accumulating for years and years and years as America burned coal to produce electricity—we have a lot of waste refuse out there. These plants are cleaning it up. We know that, without this kind of cleanup, taxpayer dollars would be used to do it. It is true that they have some emissions. It is also true that there is a tremendous environmental benefit by cleaning it up, not to mention the jobs that are created. Now, people always say: Well, if you change this rule at all, if you adjust what EPA has done at all, you are going to make it more harmful to Americans who are breathing the air. In our hearings about this particular issue, the Mercury and Air Toxics rule, I want to point out that the EPA admitted that its own Mercury and Air Toxics rule would not generate significant mercury reduction benefits and, in fact, attributes nearly all of that rule’s benefits to the indirect reductions in fine particulate matter that is regulated in another part of the Clean Air Act. EPA itself has admitted that allowing these plants to operate and the adjustments to be made is not a significant issue. If you consider the fact that—actually, the U.S. Court of Appeals rendered a decision because a lawsuit was brought about EPA not forming a special subcategory for these coal refuse plants and they said it was not a violation of the Clean Air Act, that a subcategory was not set up by EPA. But if you read the opinion, EPA certainly could have set up a special category for these coal refuse plants and decided not to do it. The reason we are here today is because we have a job. We are the party, we are the body, that wrote the Clean Air Act, and we disagree with the EPA on this particular issue. We are saying 19 plants, 14 in one State, 1,200 jobs directly, 4,000 jobs indirectly, $84 million in a payroll, and EPA itself says this is not a major environmental issue. We make the argument that the benefits of cleaning up these abandoned sites would offset the minute lack of reduction in the MATS rule and the SOx rule. For those reasons, I respectfully would say that I think, overall, the benefits are much greater by adopting the SENSE Act as authored by Mr. ROTHFUS . I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I wanted to respond to some of the Republican claims regarding the MATS rule. The Energy and Commerce Committee held a legislative hearing on the SENSE Act on February 3 of this year. At that hearing, we heard testimony regarding the ability of waste coal units to meet the requirements of the MATS rule. As Mr. Walke testified, when waste coal plants owners filed lawsuits challenging the MATS rule, claiming it was ‘‘virtually impossible to meet the acid gas and sulfur dioxide limits,’’ the court had little trouble rejecting these arguments unanimously. The judge pointed to the evidence and data submitted to EPA showing that many of the waste coal units could already meet the rule’s acid gas standard or alternative sulfur dioxide standard. The court also noted that some of these alreadycompliant plants are among the best performers in reducing hydrogen chloride emissions among all coalburning power plants around the country. If the majority, along with the bill’s proponents, are trying to say that the bill is needed because all of the currently operating waste coal units can’t meet the MATS standards, that is not how the Clean Air Act works. The Clean Air Act’s use of maximum achievable control technology for setting air pollution standards takes a reasonable approach. It says that EPA should set emission limits based on the emission levels already being achieved by similar facilities in the real world. For existing sources, EPA bases the emission standards for each pollutant on the average emissions achieved by the best performing 12 percent of facilities. Congress, in setting up its program, did not want to merely maintain the status quo. They wanted all facilities within an industrial sector to make the necessary upgrades to reduce their emissions in line with the best performing units. The advocates of this bill claim that coal refuse facilities should be treated differently from other coal fuelgeneration facilities and that the technology and fuel used would prevent these facilities from meeting the MATS standards for acid gases and sulfur dioxide, but that is simply not true. First, under the MATS rule, facilities have a choice of meeting either the acid gas standard or the sulfur dioxide standard. They don’t have to meet both. But, second, there is emission control technology available today that can bring these waste coal facilities into compliance with the rule. I see no justification for allowing these facilities to emit more pollutants than other similar facilities. I reserve the balance of my time. b1445 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to point out, once again, that we are here because Congress wants to make the decision that the EPA should set up subcategories in this particular instance. Both the Clean Air Act and the EPA regulations promulgated under it, on a routine basis, divide regulated entities into separate categories, but the EPA was unwilling to do it in this case primarily because coal was involved. It is no secret that when the President was running, in an editorial interview in San Francisco, he made the comment publicly that he would bankrupt the coal industry; and that actually is happening. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the author of this bill. Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, there are only 19 plants we are talking about here and four States that are involved. There are some plants out there that can comply—there is not a question about that—but there are only a few of them, and we are looking at a number of plants that do not have the capacity to comply with these onesizefitsall standards. While the State should be looking at this, the SENSE Act does what the EPA should have done in creating these categories. It could take up to 2 years, Mr. Chairman, for the EPA to get back as to any kind of modification. The State could propose a change, but then it has to wait and wait and wait, and while it waits, we will see power plants close that do not have this technology. There is something called a ‘‘margin’’ in business, Mr. Chairman. You take a look at the expense of doing things, you look at the cost of things, and you look at the income. Once the expense or the cost exceeds the income, plants’ businesses go out of business. People lose jobs. That is what we are talking about. In this case, not only do people lose jobs, but the tremendous environmental cleanup stops that is taking place. Pennsylvania estimates it would take $2 billion to clean up these waste coal sites. I have walked the fields where they have been cleaned up in Allegheny County and in Cambria County. I have seen hillsides on which deer now graze where it used to be just a martian landscape, and I have seen rivers that used to be orange that now have fish in them. This is an industry that has been cleaning up these sites without the taxpayers picking up the tabs. Every State in this country is having budget issues and is trying to find resources to address critical things like 
environmental cleanup. This is something that is working. When you have one size fits all, where the EPA refuses to make an accommodation because it does not recognize the tremendous benefit that these facilities are bringing to Pennsylvania, that is what this legislation seeks to change. There is no free pass here for these plants. They will still be measured and they will still have to comply, but this is a customization to something that is achievable, and it is a customization that I would argue is what the EPA should have been doing all along. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ). Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I just want to say to my friend from Pennsylvania that I agree with a lot of what he said as far as the value of these coal refuse sites. No one is debating that. Certainly I am not. This is almost a Pennsylvania exclusive piece of legislation given the fact that 14 of the 19 sites are in our State, and I believe about five of those can comply at this point. The problem I have with the gentleman’s proposal is that when one takes emission credits and gives them to the coal refuse plants in excess of what they get, it is coming out of somebody else’s allocation. In western Pennsylvania, where we are both from, most of our electricity is from coalfired utilities. What one is doing, in effect, is taking those emission credits from other coalfired utilities to give them to this small number of coal refuse plants, and that is going to cost others’ margins on those utility sites. It will affect their margins because now they have to work harder to clean up their emissions because they don’t have these credits because they have gone to the coal refuse plants. That is a big problem I see, especially in a State like ours that still has a lot of coalfired electricity generation. I think there are better ways forward. I think we would be better served in our State to push our State legislature and the Governor’s office, too, to come up with a State implementation plan that allows for some flexibility and takes into account what goes on at these plants, because this is primarily a Pennsylvania issue. As I said in my remarks before, there are other ways, I think, to solve this problem. Look, the President has issued a SAP. He is going to veto this bill. So this piece of legislation isn’t going to become law. Yet I am not standing here to say that I think we should stop our efforts to do something to keep this resource, because it is cleaning up a lot of sites in Pennsylvania, and there is a benefit to the environment. There is a lot of water pollution potential for leaving these sites as they are. I want to work with the gentleman, and I say to him that, while this piece of legislation may not ever become law, I extend my offer to work with the gentleman in constructive ways, both with our Governor and State legislature, and in alternative ways to attack this problem that doesn’t take emission credits from other coalfired utilities in our State. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the author of the legislation. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, it would be great for Pennsylvania to come up with a customization on its own, but that would take a couple of years for approval from the EPA. In the meantime, these plants will be closed. Few, if any, conventional coal plant owners have expressed concerns about the SENSE Act. Bear in mind, we are talking about an overall allocation for SO2and a reconfiguring within that overall allocation. So there is not going to be an increase in SO2; it will be a mere customization and allocation, and it should have been done and should have been allowed by the EPA. While the President may have issued a veto threat, my hope is, before the President would follow through on such a veto threat, that he would come to western Pennsylvania, that he would walk the hills with me, that he would see the streams that have come back to life, that he would talk to Tim and talk to Bill and talk to the men and women at these plants who are taking care of their families, so they can say, ‘‘Mr. President, we need some help here. Our communities have been economically distressed. We are sustaining our communities with these jobs. We are raising our kids with these jobs. What we don’t like, Mr. President, are these onesizefitsall edicts coming out of Washington, D.C., that give our States and communities the burden of complying—totally excluding the benefits that have been happening on the ground.’’ Again, to see these places that have been reclaimed is remarkable. It is my hope that the President would visit those places before he follows through on any kind of veto threat. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ). Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. I will not consume any more time after this. I don’t want to play Chip and Dale with the gentleman all day. Mr. Chairman, let me just say that our President has been to Pittsburgh probably more than to any city in the country, and I have been with him many times when he has been there. I have walked on these sites, too. I have one up in Harmar Township. I have seen them. I know what the gentleman is talking about, and I think it is a problem we need to address. The SENSE Act is really a onesizefitsall kind of solution, not current law. Current law gives States flexibility, and I think that is what is important. I would just say to my friend that this is a real problem and a real concern in our home State, and I reiterate my willingness to work with him on a solution. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, there are no additional speakers on my side of the aisle. I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I include in the RECORD the Statement of Administration Policy. 
H.R. 3797—SATISFYING ENERGY NEEDS AND SAV ING THE ENVIRONMENT (SENSE) ACT —REP. 
Mr. PALLONE. The sponsor of the legislation mentioned the President’s 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3797 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act’’ or the ‘‘SENSE Act’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 453. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–453. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I offer my amendment. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
UNIT.—The term ‘‘electric utility steam generating unit’’ means an electric utility steam generating unit, as such term is defined in section 63.10042 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 640, the gentleman from New 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–453. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), I offer amendment No. 2. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the underlying bill but in support of the Engel amendment. It is perfect, good sense giving the Governor of a State the ability to opt out of the section of the bill that modifies the CrossState Air Pollution Rule if the Governor determines that implementing those provisions would increase the overall cost of complying with the rule. There goes, if you will, the underlying problem of this bill. There has been no determination as to the burden of this particular bill, and I oppose it. I oppose it in particular because the bill would undermine the emissions limits for hazardous acid gasses from those established under the MATS, leading to increased health and environmental impacts from increased emissions of hydrogen chloride, hydrogen fluoride, and other harmful acid gasses and sulfur dioxide. Specifically, the CSAPR and MATS protect the health of millions of Americans by requiring the reduction of harmful power plant emissions, including the air toxics and emissions that contribute to smog and fine particle pollution. The pollution reduction from CSAPR and MATS have reallife impacts: prevention of thousands of premature deaths, asthmatic attacks, and heart attacks. I would offer to say, as a member of the Homeland Security Committee, we are always dealing with toxics as it relates to chemical plants and protecting the homeland in the area of security, but we also need to protect them in the area of good quality health care. I would argue that this bill would economically advantage coal refuse EGUs over other EGUs, reduce compliance choices for other State units, and distort the economic incentives of coal refuse EGUs to reduce emissions. Also, the allowances allocated to coal refuse EGUs would be unavailable for use by any other sources. I ask my colleagues to oppose this legislation. I don’t believe that this bill will be considered in the Senate. I don’t believe that it will be considered for signature by the White House. I would offer to say that, besides the budget and the appropriations process that is ongoing, we in this Congress need to deal with the restoration of the Voting Rights Act and provide for section 5. Let’s get to work on things impacting the American people, creating more jobs, as opposed to providing poor quality of life, poor quality of air for our citizens throughout this Nation. Once again, I support the Engel amendment. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3797—Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment (SENSE) Act. I oppose this unwise and unnecessary legislation for several reasons. H.R. 3797, would threaten the health of Americans by requiring changes to the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Cross State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) and the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) for electric generating units (EGUs) that use coal refuse as their main fuel source. In doing this, H.R. 3797 would restrict the marketbased approach currently used to allocate sulfur dioxide emission allowances issued under the CSAPR, thereby raising the costs of achieving the pollution reduction required by the rule. This bill also would undermine the emissions limits for hazardous acid gases from those established under the MATS, leading to increased health and environmental impacts from increased emissions of hydrogen chloride, hydrogen fluoride, other harmful acid gases, and sulfur dioxide. Specifically, CSAPR and MATS protect the health of millions of Americans by requiring the reduction of harmful power plant emissions, including air toxics and emissions that contribute to smog and fine particle pollution. The pollution reductions from CSAPR and MATS have real life impacts: prevention of thousands of premature deaths, asthma attacks, and heart attacks. Let me also underscore that an important feature of the CSAPR is its trading program which allows power plants to meet emission budgets in different ways, including by trading emissions allowances between emission sources within a State and some trading across States. This marketbased approach reduces the cost of compliance while ensuring reductions in air pollution for citizens across the CSAPR region. I oppose H.R. 3797 because it would create an uneven playing field by picking winners and losers in CSAPR compliance. Indeed, this bill establishes a special market of CSAPR allowances for EGUs that burn coal refuse and prohibits the trading of allowances allocated to coal refuse EGUs, which would interfere with and manipulate market conditions. Specifically, H.R. 3797 would: economically advantage coal refuse EGUs over other EGUs by giving them allowances that would otherwise have been allocated to others; reduce compliance choices for other State units; and distort the economic incentives of coal refuse EGUs to reduce emissions. Also, the allowances allocated to coal refuse EGUs would be unavailable for use by any other sources. This will result in the aggregate, in less efficient and more costly CSAPR compliance. Finally, I oppose H.R. 3797 because it would interfere with existing opportunities under the CSAPR for each State to control the allocation of allowances among its EGUs. Instead of wasting time supporting this bill, I urge my colleagues to join me in focusing on more important issues affecting our nation: more jobs for Americans in the energy and other sectors, energy security and independence and utilization of innovation in energy to solve some of the contemporary issues we face in our country. b1515 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I would just respond to the gentlewoman from Texas. She mentioned the word ‘‘burdensome.’’ What is really burdensome is the way that these rules are being applied. When the EPA had a chance to do a customized approach, they chose not to. 
Why is it burdensome? It is burdensome because there are plants that will not be able to comply, which means the environmental progress that we have seen will stop, which means that their jobs will be lost. I do note that there is bipartisan support for this initiative. Both Senators CASEY and T OOMEY , on the other side of this Capitol, from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—one a Republican, one a Democrat—recognize the practicality of this approach. They recognize that the legislation makes sense. For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. The underlying bill is another unnecessary special interest bill that undermines Clean Air Act regulations. The bill, if it were to reach the President’s desk, will be vetoed. We should be using our time to move forward with the many other issues that need to be addressed in this Congress. Our water infrastructure is in dire need of repair and maintenance. We have Superfund and brownfield sites that need to be cleaned up and returned to productive use. States need support for modernizing and hardening the electricity grid, and there are still many Americans who are unemployed or underpaid for the work that they are doing. All of these things, especially the infrastructure issues, must be addressed by Congress. They impact every person, every State, and every industry in the country. Instead of wasting time on bills like the SENSE Act, we should get to work on these important issues that will support economic growth and job creation throughout the country. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BERA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–453. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 11, after line 17, insert the following new section: 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report detailing the increase in emissions of sulfur dioxide and other air pollutants that will result from implementation of this Act and the effect of such emissions on public health. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 640, the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It would require the Government Accountability Office, a nonpartisan government watchdog, to complete a report on the impact this legislation would have on public health. I look at this from the perspective of a doctor and public health expert, and one of my guiding principles as a doctor is to make sure we protect the public health. Coal refuse plants not only increase the amount of pollution in our air, they also use a power source which is less efficient than normal coal and contains higher levels of mercury. Exposure to sulfur dioxide and other pollutants such as mercury have been known to increase risks of cardiovascular disease and respiratory illnesses, including aggravated asthma, bronchitis, and heart attacks. My amendment would require the GAO to investigate whether this legislation would increase emissions of sulfur dioxide and other pollutants. I strongly believe the EPA plays an important role in protecting the health of our families and our environment from dangerous pollutants. While we should be mindful about the impact of regulations on our economy, we have a responsibility to address urgent threats to the planet, such as climate change, and we have a responsibility to make sure legislation that is being passed protects our public health. This legislation before us today would hamper the EPA’s ability to limit dangerous pollution and protect public health, and it will also slow down our transition to clean energy. That is why I introduced my amendment today, to ensure that we know the true impact this bill would have on public health and on our environment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I do rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment would require a GAO report detailing an increase, if any, in sulfur dioxide and other emissions and the effect of implementing the legislation on public health. Now, this legislation has come about because of two EPA rules—the Cross State Air Pollution Rule and the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards rule— and I might say that the SENSE Act does not change in any way the caps on the sulfur dioxide. That would basically remain the same. Coal refuseto energy plants are negligible emitters of mercury. In fact, EPA testified that by closing down the coal refuse plants, there would not be any significant benefit on the mercury side. All of the benefits come from the reduction in fine particulate matter, and we are not addressing that. I would point out once again that 214 million tons of this refuse have already been cleaned up. If we allow these regulations to go into effect and these plants close down, those refuse piles will not be cleaned up, 1,200 people will lose their jobs, 4,000 indirect people will lose their jobs, and $84 million in payroll will be lost. EPA has admitted that there is no significant environmental benefit, and they had the opportunity to set up a special category for these coal refuse plants, all of which are less than 100 megawatt plants. They are very small. There are only 19 in the country, 14 in one State. The gentleman from Pennsylvania and others from Pennsylvania have asked Congress to intervene to help them on this matter. For that reason, I would respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment and ask that the amendment be defeated. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is a nononsense amendment that will allow us to know the impact on public health. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–453. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 11, after line 17, insert the following new section: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 640, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, the existing CrossState Air Pollution Rule set new standards for the emission of sulfur dioxide based on public health risks. Under this rule, States can choose to comply by adapting new technologies or employing cleaner energy sources. Today’s bill would raise the acceptable levels threshold for sulfur dioxide emissions from one source, coal waste plants, allowing them to pour more of these pollutants into our air. It props up coal waste plants, thereby undermining flexibility for States to meet public health targets. It also distorts the ability of the market to determine which energy sources are most sustainable, cost effective, and meet the public’s need. The underlying bill would pick winners and losers by favoring waste coal burning power plants at the expense of other power sources. If coal waste plants can adapt and reduce their emissions to help States meet these targets, then they should do so; but short of that, the market is determining that there are more efficient ways to produce energy. Congress should not subsidize any energy source that does not compete with innovative and cleaner options that also better protect our children’s health; but if this bill is going to raise these limits and allow more pollutants to be emitted, we should be honest with the communities that will be affected. My amendment requires the EPA to inform the general public and municipalities adjacent to waste coal plants about the anticipated effects of this bill on air quality not later than 90 days after its enactment. According to the American Lung Association, sulfur dioxide can cause breathing problems, exacerbate asthma symptoms, and reduce lung function. Exposure to sulfur dioxide has been connected to an increased risk of hospital admissions, especially among children, seniors, and people with asthma. This puts families’ health at risk in the communities downwind and nearby. Last month I visited Flint, Michigan, with my colleagues, where we saw the devastating effects of keeping the public in the dark. Americans have a right to know how this legislation is going to affect the quality of the air they breathe. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, if we could take a look at this amendment, this amendment would require the EPA Administrator to notify affected States and localities of any anticipated effects of the legislation on air quality. The issue is the SENSE Act prohibits any increase in covered emissions, so any impact on air quality will be very limited. The SENSE Act mandates that sulfur dioxide emissions stay within the EPAapproved caps so there can be no increase above approved levels. Coal refusetoenergy plants are negligible emitters of mercury, and the bill requires emissions reductions of hydrogen chloride and other compounds only at a rate achievable for this type of facility. The proposed amendment is one sided, as it ignores the air and water quality benefits from reducing the coal refuse problem, including reducing the risk of heavily polluting coal refuse fires that can affect many State and local governments. For example, this amendment would not require the EPA Administrator to notify affected communities of what happens when a coal refuse pile catches on fire and there is an uncontrolled release of pollutants into the environment. We should be focused on ensuring that these innovative refusetoenergy facilities can continue to operate and reduce the serious water and air quality problems posed by coal refuse. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–453. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
This Act may not go into effect until the Administrator certifies that implementation of this Act will not cause or result in an increase of emissions of air pollutants that adversely affect public health, including by increasing incidents of respiratory and cardiovascular illnesses and deaths, such as cases of heart attacks, asthma attacks, and bronchitis. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 640, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 3797, the socalled Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act. This bill is anything but that. What this bill does do is that it gives special breaks under two very important Clean Air Act rules and allows certain power plants to spew out as much nasty pollution as they wish to. These power plants, which use waste coal, still emit all the toxic substances a regular coal plant does, and they absolutely should not get a pass. If the SENSE Act passes, it will significantly affect air quality. This is not some radical assertion, and it has stood up to the scrutiny of the courts. These rules, the CrossState Air Pollution Rule and the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards rule, are two important rules for protecting public health from toxic air pollutants like mercury and sulfur dioxide. If this bill were to become law, waste coal facilities would be able to pollute at a higher rate than any other power plants. There are many pieces of particulate matter emitted by coal plants, such as sulfur dioxide, mercury, and others, and science has clearly shown that air pollutants such as these cause severity when it comes to asthma, bronchitis, and even can contribute to heart attack risk. My amendment protects the most vulnerable from these adverse health effects. b1530 My amendment today would ensure that public health is front and center in this conversation, which it needs to be. Air quality is an issue that affects the most vulnerable among us. When you think about it, children, pregnant women, and the elderly are some of the members of our society that are most at risk when it comes to respiratory diseases from toxic emissions, such as sulfur dioxide. My amendment ensures that the effects of air quality are taken into account before enactment of the SENSE Act. Mr. Chairman, I know a thing or two about this. I don’t know how often you get to DallasFort Worth, but when you come to our area, despite all the jobs and prosperity that we have, we have some of the absolute worst smog in the entire country. This amendment would serve to protect vulnerable populations by ensuring their health is not in danger if this bill becomes law. Also, only after their health has been deemed safe may the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency allow this law to go into effect. There are so many different economic costs when it comes to asthma, Mr. Chairman. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention alone estimates that asthma costs the United States $56 billion each year when it comes to treating people for asthma, particularly our young children with asthma. So at the end of the day, what I want to do, Mr. Chairman, is make sure that the least that we do in this House is to make sure that everybody can breathe clean air. I don’t think that that is asking for too much. If my Republican colleagues truly believe the public health of our Nation will not be affected by this bill, they 
will have no problem voting for my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I do rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. I would remind everyone that we are talking about 19 coal refuse plants around the country. They have already cleaned up 214 million tons of coal refuse that are creating significant environmental problems. The SENSE Act does not change or increase in any way the sulfur dioxide emission caps. So it does not have any impact on that. The EPA itself said that the only benefit from their CrossState Air Pollution Rule and their sulfur dioxide emission rule would be the reduction in particulate matter, which is regulated in another aspect of the Clean Air Act, and the SENSE Act does not affect or have any impacts on that. So even the EPA has said that this is not really an issue of polluting or endangering the clean air. They simply made a decision that they were not going to have a subcategory to deal with these plans. The gentleman’s amendment would require the EPA Administrator to certify that the act would not result in the increase in emission of air pollutants. They have already basically said that. One thing that he does not look at in his amendment is the tremendous benefits that the public is receiving by the cleaning up of these coal refuse piles around the country. So, for those reasons, we respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I would remind everyone once again that the SENSE Act is designed to clean up these environmental problems, protect 1,200 direct jobs and 4,000 indirect jobs and an $84 million payroll, all doing so without increasing any emissions toxics to the American people. For that reason, I would respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114–453 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. PALLONE of New Jersey. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. PALLONE of New Jersey. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. BERA of California. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. VEASEY of Texas. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 166, noes 224, not voting 43, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Babin Becerra Blackburn Blumenauer Boustany Brady (PA) Butterfield Costa Davis, Danny Duckworth Edwards Ellmers (NC) Frankel (FL) Garamendi Goodlatte Granger Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hartzler Herrera Beutler Johnson (GA) Joyce King (IA) Lipinski Marino Matsui Payne Polis Roskam Rush Scott, David Sessions Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Takai Thompson (MS) Turner Visclosky Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Zinke 
b1555 Messrs. MESSER, WESTERMAN, Mrs. BLACK, Messrs. HUELSKAMP, HANNA, PEARCE, JORDAN, FITZPATRICK, and GENE GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 118 on H.R. 3797, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 118 on H.R. 3797, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 118, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 233, not voting 25, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOT VOTING—25 
Babin Becerra Blackburn Blumenauer Brady (PA) Davis, Danny Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Garamendi Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Joyce Lipinski McNerney Meadows Polis Ribble Roskam Rush Smith (WA) Takai Vela´zquez Wenstrup Zinke 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1559 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BERA  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 235, not voting 19, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—19 
Babin Becerra Blackburn Blumenauer Brady (PA) Davis, Danny Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Joyce Lipinski Roskam Rush Smith (WA) Takai Waters, Maxine Wenstrup 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1604 Mr. HIMES changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 234, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Babin Becerra Blackburn Brady (PA) Davis, Danny Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Joyce Lipinski Roskam Rush Smith (WA) Takai Wenstrup 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1608 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. WESTMORELAND , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3797) to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall issue, implement, and enforce certain emission limitations and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy, pursuant to House Resolution 640, reported the bill back to the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Adams moves to recommit the bill H.R. 3797 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: At the end, add the following new section: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, my amendment is a critical improvement that would help protect American children in our most vulnerable communities. This unnecessary bill would weaken both the CrossState Air Pollution Rule and the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards by allowing waste coal plants to emit more sulfur dioxide. Health risks from exposure to sulfur dioxide can cause breathing problems, reduced lung function, and asthma exacerbations. I think about the children in Mecklenburg County that I represent who are already suffering from high asthma rates. This bill would further put their health at risk as well as the communities both near waste coal plants and downwind. Communities with limited resources and political clout are often lowincome communities and communities of color. We must ensure, together, that these communities and their unique needs have a voice when it comes to environmental health policy so that we bolster their resilience and reduce the impacts of future disasters. As representatives of the people, only negligence and apathy could lead us to ignore the risks that this bill poses to human health and the environment. If my amendment passes, it would make sure that an increase in emissions will not harm brain development or cause learning disabilities in infants or children and will protect our Nation’s sources of public drinking water from mercury pollution. Research shows that babies and children who are exposed to mercury may suffer damage to their developing nervous systems, hurting their ability to think, to learn, and to speak. Have we not been paying attention? Just look at North Carolina. It took a disastrous spill of coal ash into the Dan River to make it clear that we were not doing a good enough job to protect our communities and our waterways. Look at the children and the families in Flint who will never be the same because we failed to protect their basic human right of access to clean water. How could this be a 21st century issue in America? And what has this body done to help? Not much. When will it stop? Republicans and Democrats, alike, voted in 1990 to strengthen the Clean Air Act to require dozens of industry sectors to install modern pollution controls on their facilities. Since then, EPA has set emissions standards that simply require facilities to use pollution controls that others in their industry are already using. But a few major industrial sources so far have escaped regulation, and the Republicans appear to be on a mission to help them continue to evade emissions limits on toxic air pollution. This bill is just another Republican handout: weakening the rule and allowing more toxic air pollution and more of these types of health hazards. It favors polluting industries at the expense of Americans and air quality. Moreover, the bill sets a very dangerous precedent that could open the floodgates to other special treatment bills, creating loopholes and lax treatment that may cause additional health hazards that the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards now prevent. This bill is toxic, and it will be the knife in our children’s back. My amendment will improve the bill by putting the health and safety of our Nation’s children first instead of allowing Republicans to continue their assault on the health of our Nation. I urge my colleagues to support it. b1615 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, as the father of six children, I, too, am very concerned about environmental risk to our kids, and I am very concerned about the ending of the environmental progress of what we have seen in the refusetoenergy industry to date. Let me be clear. There is no change because of the SENSE Act in overall changes on SO2, and there is no issue with mercury because these plants already comply with the mercury requirements. We need to consider the health of our communities if these facilities close. This is a reasonable, balanced, and commonsense approach. Let’s not circle the wagons and say no to continued cleanup on the hillsides of Pennsylvania. Let’s not say no to restoring streams. Let’s not say no to the jobs that these plants represent. Mr. Speaker, my district is in danger and my constituents are at risk unless this bill passes. Coal refuse piles that have persisted for generations catch fire and burn uncontrollably, spewing toxic pollutants into the air. Acid mine drainage leaches into rivers and streams, turning them orange and destroying wildlife. Great mountains of coal refuse reminiscent of moonscapes feature prominently in the countryside, looming over towns, school yards, and farms. Without the hard work of the men and women of the coal refusetoenergy industry, work that includes painstaking remediation, this problem would be far worse. Yet, EPA regulations that are blind to this industry’s unique circumstances threaten to bring their work to an end. You would think our environmental regulatory agencies and conservation minded Members of Congress would be eager to find a viable solution to addressing this environmental problem and protecting vulnerable communities across coal country. 
Some Members of this body, it seems, choose not to acknowledge the challenges faced by the coal refusetoenergy industry. They look past the overwhelming good done by these plants as they seek to impose their environmental orthodoxy. It would seem, based on this afternoon’s debate, that preventing uncontrolled coal refuse fires, ruined waterways, and environmental degradation is outweighed by an unflinching attachment to inflexible and unfair Washington environmentalist dogma. Contrary to what the SENSE Act’s opponents claim, these facilities will be forced to close if we fail to provide them with reasonable and achievable emissions limits. It may interest some in this Chamber that the SENSE Act has typically been a bipartisan proposal. In fact, both of Pennsylvania’s Senators—Republican PAT TOOMEY and Democrat B OB CASEY —previously introduced an amendment that was much broader than the conservative and restrained bill on the House floor today. Despite it being a far more aggressive proposal, the CaseyToomey amendment earned the support of a majority of Senators. Back home, organizations that work to actually address Pennsylvania’s environmental issues have rallied to the SENSE Act. Both the Western and Eastern Pennsylvania Coalition for Abandoned Mine Reclamation have endorsed my bill. Watershed groups have also issued letters of support. Some today have wrongly argued that the SENSE Act picks winners and losers, that it somehow advantages small, endangered coal refusetoenergy facilities. Somehow, in the minds of the bill’s opponents, David became Goliath. They fail to see that the issue at hand concerns a small socially beneficial industry unfairly battered by an allpowerful regulatory giant and fighting for survival. What is most striking about the opposition’s mischaracterization is that the EPA has created winners and losers through its inflexible implementation of these rules in which they refuse to treat these plants as a separate category. The SENSE Act merely recognizes what the EPA should have acknowledged a long time ago, that coal refuse facilities are different from traditional coalfired power plants. This bill eliminates the EPA’s unfairness by giving these facilitates a realistic chance of complying with air quality rules. Some today have suggested that the States could simply address this issue on their own, that my bill gets in the way of State autonomy. In fact, States have little to no autonomy in administering CSAPR, since any requested change must be approved by the EPA. According to the SENSE Act’s opponents, the EPA, which has thus far refused to provide flexibility for these plants, would somehow have a change of heart and decide to approve State requested policy changes. I find that hard to imagine. Some have also charged that the SENSE Act would threaten air quality, forgetting that this legislation specifically avoids causing any increase in State SO2allocations. More importantly, without the remediation work fueled by this industry, the uncontrolled and environmentally catastrophic coal refuse pile fires that are far too common will only continue. The unregulated emissions from these fires are a greater concern to public health. It is unfair that some in Washington have pursued an unfair and uncompromising orthodoxy on this issue and have derided in their zeal an overwhelmingly successful private sector solution to a pressing environmental challenge. The SENSE Act is about protecting vulnerable coal country communities from pollution and environmental degradation. It is about standing up for over 5,200 familysustaining jobs, many of which are in areas that have experienced economic hardship. These jobs come with names: Robert, John, Tim, James, Pat. I urge approval of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 236, not voting 24, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Babin Bass Becerra Blackburn Brady (PA) Davis, Danny Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Engel Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hoyer Joyce Lipinski Pelosi Rice (NY) Roskam Rush Smith (WA) Stivers Takai Welch Wenstrup 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 183, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Babin Becerra Blackburn Brady (PA) Davis, Danny Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Joyce Lipinski Rice (NY) Roskam Rush Sanford Smith (WA) Takai Wenstrup 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Mountain, Alabama, November 16, 2015: Pamela Oshel, 49 years old. Tyrone, Missouri, November 18, 2015: Darrell Dean Shriver, 68 years old; Garold Dee Aldridge, 52; Harold Wayne Aldridge, 50; Janell Arlisa Aldridge, 48; Julie Ann Aldridge, 47; Carey Dean Shriver, 46; Valirea Love Shriver, 44. Manchester, Connecticut, December 8, 2013: Artara Benson, 46 years old; 
Brittany Mills, 28; Kamesha Mills, 23 years old. Manson, Washington, March 10, 2015: Jose Rodriguez, 58 years old; Maria Sedano, 50; Edgar Costumbre, 24. Glade Spring, Virginia, February 25, 2014: Terry Griffin, 75 years old; Nancy Griffin, 74; Kristin Palmer, 46; Kevin Palmer, 44; Griffin Palmer, 17. Fontana, California, December 31, 2013: Silvia Miranda, 34 years old; Rayna Miranda, 10; Ramon Miranda, Jr., 12 years old. 
GOVERNMENT SPIES ON CITIZENS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in a secret court, the FBI quietly revised its privacy policy for searching through data that is collected on Americans by the NSA. The NSA, which I call the National Surveillance Agency, gives the FBI access to not only the data it collects but to the content of personal communications, like emails, texts, and phone calls. What the intelligence agencies have been doing is lawfully collecting information on foreign terrorists but, at the same time, creating large databases of information that also contains information on American citizens. This identifying information is then used for what the FBI calls routine searches that are unrelated to national security. Mr. Speaker, the FBI does not obtain a courtapproved Fourth Amendment warrant for these searches. This leeway by the NSA and the FBI allows for a backdoor to spy on Americans. Thus, the FBI is ignoring the U.S. Constitution. The NSA and the FBI will continue to violate the constitutional protections that are guaranteed to all Americans unless Congress intervenes and protects and upholds the right of privacy of all Americans. And that is just the way it is. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate Women’s History Month. As one of the 108 women in Congress today, I am thankful to follow the trail blazed by so many American women who demanded the right to vote and participate in our democracy. I am inspired by recent historic milestones, for example, of the first women ever who are graduating from the Army’s elite Ranger school and of the Department of Defense, which is finally expanding all combat roles to qualified servicewomen. These achievements are further proof that women can break any barrier if they are given the chance, if they are willing to, and if they are given the support and opportunity to do so. Unfortunately, today’s widespread social and economic inequalities disproportionately hurt American women. In 2016, a typical woman in America earns only 79 cents to the dollar that a man earns. Over a lifetime, that is $400,000 of wages lost, and she risks losing her job if she needs to care for her children or sick family members. So we take this month to thank America’s women, but there is a lot more to do. f 
CONGRATULATING DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Dunbar High School for its recent advancement to the UIL 5A Texas State basketball tournament. Dunbar High School has been recognized throughout the years for both its academic and athletic achievements, with the fine Wildcats’ basketball success being the latest. The Wildcats were led by Coach Robert Hughes, Jr., and they fought their way all the way to the State tournament in San Antonio, Texas. The team entered unranked and as one of only two qualifiers that were unranked. Dunbar, a threetime champion, is no stranger to big games, with their last trip being in 2007. They won the UIL State Basketball Championship in 1963, 1965, 1967, 1993, 2003, and 2006. Back in the sixties and early nineties, they were under the leadership of Coach Robert Hughes, Sr. Today I am proud to recognize the success of Dunbar High School’s basketball team and their outstanding 23– 12 record. They have made Fort Worth very proud, and I wish the program continued success. 
VETERANS WHO RETURN HOME WITH THE MENTAL WOUNDS OF WAR The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BUCK). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise on behalf of our veterans who return home with the mental wounds of war. For generations, we have sent our sons and daughters into harm’s way. For generations, they have served this country honorably. They don’t come home in the same way they left. There were generations who came back to the United States who didn’t even receive a ‘‘thank you.’’ There was not even a handshake or a hug waiting for them. For our Vietnam veterans who are watching at home, we say to this day, ‘‘welcome home,’’ because when they first came home, they were spat on. Fortunately, we have learned a lesson from that generation. For me and my generation, as we return from Iraq and Afghanistan, there is a ‘‘thank you,’’ but there is so much more that needs to be done. That is why we are here tonight for this Special Order. It is on behalf of our veterans who return home with the mental wounds of war. Each and every one of our congressional districts is home to these veterans. For me, I represent Suffolk County, New York, on the east end of Long Island. We are proud of not only having the highest veterans’ population of any county in New York, but of having the second highest veterans’ population of any county in the country. We have veterans who come home to family, to friends, and to people with whom they work who don’t understand what it is their loved one or colleague is going through. Isolated and alone, too many of our veterans are losing their struggles with posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, and there is so much more that each and every one of us can do on their behalf. Tonight is a bipartisan Special Order. We are joined by my colleague from Arizona, who has led the fight on a national level on behalf of men and women from all corners of this country who are struggling with recoveries from suicide attempts, and who has led in the effort to prevent that attempt in the first place. I yield to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). b1645 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman ZELDIN for organizing this Special Order hour and for bringing attention to this important issue. An estimated 22 American veterans die by suicide every day. These men and women are our neighbors and our friends, our sons and our daughters, our mothers and our fathers. Veteran suicide is too important an issue to be overshadowed by bipartisan politics. It is why we have come together tonight to show our commitment to veterans who have given so much to keep America safe. We must do more—Congress, the VA, the American public—to end the epidemic of veteran suicide and to ensure veterans and their families have access to the best possible mental health care. This is a responsibility we all share. That is why I support Congressman ZELDIN ’s legislation, the PFC Joseph P. 
Dwyer Veterans Peer Support program, to expand access to peertopeer counseling for veterans. A battle buddy can open the door to the care and support a veteran needs, and we must support efforts to expand the availability and accessibility of mental health care. No one who returns home from serving our country should ever feel like he or she has nowhere to turn. I have often shared this story of a young veteran in my district, Sergeant Daniel Somers. Sergeant Somers was an Army veteran with two tours in Iraq. Diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder, Sergeant Somers ultimately took his own life after struggling with the VA bureaucracy and not getting the help he needed in time. Together with the Somers family, we have worked to develop legislation to ensure that all veterans, including those with classified experiences, get immediate access to mental health services in the appropriate care setting. The Daniel Somers Act was combined with Congresswoman JULIA BROWNLEY ’s Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act and passed unanimously by the House of Representatives. Senator JONTESTER introduced companion legislation in the Senate, and we continue to work to get this bill signed into law. I pledge to continue working with my colleagues to ensure that no veteran feels trapped like Sergeant Somers did and that all of our veterans have access to appropriate mental health care. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman ZELDIN for his work on behalf of our veterans and for hosting this bipartisan Special Order on veterans mental health care. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative SINEMA for her efforts on behalf of the Somers family. We lose a lot of our sons and daughters in harm’s way, and there is reflection for that family as to what that sacrifice accomplished. I guess it depends on the year, the place, the circumstances. But the Somers family knows that they have a champion here fighting on their behalf so that the sacrifice was not for naught. A legacy is left behind that those who struggle moving forward might have a helping hand. I thank Ms. SINEMA for her advocacy not just on behalf of the Somers family in her district, but for all of our veterans who need more help all across America. At this time, I would like to recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and thank him for his efforts in his home State and for joining this cause tonight on behalf of our veterans who not only are going to benefit from the immediate effort of this Chamber with all the different ideas that are before it now, but really for the decades and generations still to serve ahead. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for his service to this country, having himself put on the uniform prior to his coming to this Congress. He is one of the greatest assets we have in this Chamber. It is just a real pleasure to have gotten to know him over the last year and a half and to call him a friend. When this country makes a decision to send people to war, we need to understand that the people own that decision. What does that mean? It means, when we put people out in harm’s way, our servicemen and servicewomen, we better be there when they come home. It is the principle of solidarity. They stand for us. We have to stand for them. I am joining this Special Order today because I want to again bring attention to this serious issue that should trouble everyone’s conscience. We have been made painfully aware in the past several years that the VA has failed in a number of ways to adequately serve our Nation’s veterans. As I understand it, while most Americans are patriotic, too few have taken the time to develop empathy for what our veterans go through, especially in combat. Mr. Speaker, everyone in America needs to be engaging our veterans. This is all hands on deck. We all know veterans. It is good to ask them about their service and to walk with them. As I have talked to veterans across my district, I asked for some emails from them because I knew I was going to be coming to have this Special Order. ‘‘The United States isn’t united in purpose,’’ one veteran explained to me. ‘‘We’re divided, fighting a global war with a peacetime mindset. Americans have never been farther away from our Nation’s veterans . . . from what it takes to defend our Nation’s freedom. The true cost of war is lost on most.’’ The failure to understand what veterans have gone through is not just characteristic of the broader population, but it is also a problem at the VA, an agency that should strive to fully understand the experience of our servicemen and women so that they can better serve them. Many veterans suffering with mental health issues as a result of traumas experienced during their service have too often been left to fend for themselves. In fact, the VA has come up short so often it has risen to the level of a scandal, with an estimated 22 veteran deaths per day, or over 8,000 annually, as a result of mental health issues. One young veteran told me about the condescending and patronizing language used by some—let me emphasize some—VA staff. There are VA staff on the front lines who are very dedicated and very committed to serving our veterans. It is disturbing that we would have some who don’t see it that way. He told me that one staff stooped so low as to call veterans bums when they were seeking financial assistance during hard times. It is outrageous and painful to think that men and women who are willing to die for this country are not being treated with the utmost dignity and respect. But that is the tragic reality, and it is unacceptable. The good news is that we can and must do better. I have heard directly from veterans in my district about what they believe can be done to improve this startling trend. I have been working to reform the VA throughout my time in Congress to improve its standards and ensure quality service for our veterans by increasing accountability within the agency. Beyond this, however, there are commonsense and innovative ways we can help veterans. One of them is to facilitate veteran peer support programs. Veterans want to help each other. Because while many VA employees may have never served in the military, the men and women of our Armed Forces have experiences in common that civilians do not share. Less than 1 percent of Americans serve in the military and fewer still see combat. They truly understand each other. They speak each other’s language, so to speak. The VA should not be an obstacle to veterans coming to each others’ aid. Another veteran told me this: ‘‘Peer topeer counseling for combat veterans is a critical aspect of a multifaceted approach to healing an invisible wound that lacks a universal fix. ‘‘The universal nature of recognizing that the veteran is not alone: acknowledgement other veterans have faced the same problems and situations, and hope from their stories of triumph over their demons, enables the combat veteran to take the critical steps of admitting to themselves they have a problem.’’ It helps them take the ‘‘seemingly hardest step of admitting they are not in a hopeless situation,’’ this veteran told me. He also told me, ‘‘Peertopeer counseling helps the counselor as much as the counseled via preservation of camaraderie and the fulfillment of helping their own.’’ Far too many veterans experience hopelessness and isolation even though they do not have to. This needs to change, and I am sure that we can do better for the men and women who risked everything to protect our way of life. Mr. Speaker, the VA’s inadequacies are unacceptable, and the agency should embrace commonsense solutions to provide veterans with higher quality, effective treatment and opportunities for healing. I laud my colleague, Representative ZELDIN , for his PFC Joseph Dwyer Veterans Peer Support program. As I 
looked at this legislation, inevitably, you go look at who Joseph Dwyer was. I would encourage this country to look at that and to look for the other Joseph Dwyers, to look and reach out to those who have served empathetically. To our veterans who may be watching today, you are not alone. Thank you for your service. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative ZELDIN for his service and for his work on this important piece of legislation. I look forward to further consideration by this House. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman literally for every single word and for his passion and advocacy on behalf of all the veterans not only in his district, but in mine and elsewhere. It is so incredibly important for the words that we just heard to be echoed throughout this Chamber and inspiration to be found for some of what are great ideas to actually come into effect. Because while there is one Joseph Dwyer who served our country, as the gentleman just pointed out, there are numerous Joseph Dwyers all around America who have not yet lost their struggles. Now, it is interesting because we so often call those who lose their bouts with the mental wounds of war—we call it suicide. Joseph Dwyer’s last words were, ‘‘I don’t want to die.’’ He was huffing, trying to get temporary relief from his pain. The struggles with posttraumatic stress disorder led to him losing his life, and he left behind a young widow and a 2yearold daughter. There are Joseph Dwyers all around America who have not yet left behind young children and young widows. It is our duty in this House to fight for them with whatever energy and inspiration that we can find within us to ensure that what starts as a good idea becomes law. The PFC Joseph Dwyer Veterans Peer Support program is not a new idea. It may be a new idea for this Chamber. We created it in New York State back in 2012. At that time, I was in the New York State Senate, and we created it as part of the 2012–2013 State budget. As we just heard from the gentleman from Pennsylvania, veterantoveteran peer support, veterans helping veterans, is the key. We started the program in four counties in New York: Suffolk County, which is my home county; Jefferson County, home of the 10th Mountain Division, Fort Drum; Rensselaer County; and Saratoga County. The program was so successful in these four counties and, by the way, operating at just $200,000 per county. Here in Washington, we talk about programs in the billions, the trillions, and the hundreds of millions. In my home county, we helped hundreds of veterans in just that first year. Hundreds of veterans were helped, over 400, and $200,000. We know firsthand how many lives were saved as a result. It was so successful. It started in four counties and expanded to over a dozen. In New York State, we are so proud of the Dwyer program. I just came to Congress. This is my first term. I was sworn in January of 2015. There may be no other mission during my time here in this Chamber that will be more satisfying for me personally than to do my part to hopefully save at least one veteran’s life. But there are so many more that can be saved if this Chamber takes up this bill and makes it law. It doesn’t matter whether you live in one of the most populated counties in America of veterans, like Suffolk, or if you live in a county that might not be that well populated overall anywhere else in this country. If you raised your hand and you are willing to lay down your life in protection of our freedoms and liberties for that flag, for everything that makes our country great, to protect it and defend it, when you come home, you should have shoes on your feet. b1700 There should be food on your table. There should be a roof over your head. Some come home with the physical wounds of war; others come home with the mental wounds of war. Our veterans are fighting for us, all of us—not just for their family or friends, but for strangers, too. Isn’t it our duty while we are here, as elected representatives, to be fighting for not just those veterans with the mental wounds of war whom we know, but the countless others who are under the radar right now? They are under the radar because they don’t know where to go for help. Within our communities, we have veterans. We have veterans service organizations—you know, like the VFW, the American Legion, the Vietnam Veterans of America, the list goes on— and we have mental health professionals who want to offer their services. We have others who may want to provide a venue for a meeting, others who may want to provide food. The setting is not that hard to put into place. For someone from our community who may live around the block from any Member of this Chamber, the setting is not that hard to put together for that veteran to go to that room and be with maybe 8, 10 veterans, understanding the struggles that they are going through so that they can share each other’s stories and help each other cope with what are the mental wounds of war. It is our duty; it is our opportunity to be able to bring these veterans together and to save lives. As was noted earlier, the statistics are staggering: an estimated 22 veteran deaths per day—22. That is 8,000 in a year. It was just about a month ago when the Department of Veterans Affairs indicated that 17 of these 22 individuals weren’t even in the VA system. Some don’t go for help because they don’t know where to go; others might fear the consequences. What is so important is, with the Dwyer program, maintaining confidentiality so our veterans won’t fear that they might lose their job because they are going for help. That is incredibly important as well. A recent New York University Medical Center report indicated over 270,000 Vietnamera veterans still suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder. These figures are alarming. They are disturbing. The VA doesn’t currently offer what we are talking about. This is different. We are hearing about how some of our veterans are being helped because of pets—dogs, horses—fishing, other activities. Let’s think outside the box. Let’s not think of just the same way of doing things that have not worked inside the Department of Veterans Affairs. Let’s do something different. We are not starting from scratch. I would encourage any Member of this House to look at what we are doing in my home county of Suffolk. I am proud to say that we are leading the way in America, and there is a model there that works and should be replicated everywhere. Staffing shortages, untrained support staff, lacking family support services and access to services during nonbusiness hours are just some of the problems that have been reported at the Department of Veterans Affairs. I recently introduced legislation, H.R. 4513, which would expand nationally the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Veterans Peer Support program. PFC Joseph Dwyer was from my district. His home was Mount Sinai, New York. A lot of people know Joseph Dwyer because of an iconic photo from the start of the Iraq war. This picture was on national news. It was on the front cover of magazines. It was that iconic picture of that American soldier post9/ 11 at the start of the war holding a wounded Iraqi boy as his unit was fighting its way up to Baghdad. It looked like Joseph came home in one piece, a hero. While it may have seemed that he came home in one piece because he didn’t have some of the physical wounds of war that we unfortunately see from other heroes, he came back with posttraumatic stress disorder. PFC Dwyer died in 2008. Matina, his young widow, was left behind. Meaghan, his 2yearold daughter, was left behind. This was an effort that was launched in his honor, the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Veterans Peer Support program. It is for our veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. It provides a safe, confidential, and educational platform where all veterans are welcome to meet with other veterans to build vettovet relationships in support of one another’s 
successful transition from military life to postservice life. We were able to conduct 148 group sessions, serving 450 veterans in my home county of Suffolk, just in the first year. Since 2013, the program has helped, now, into the thousands, as we count veterans from across New York with PTSD and TBI. Through my bill, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs would be authorized to make grants to State and local entities to carry out peertopeer mental health programs. The bill would secure $25 million over a 3year period to establish a grant program at the VA that will provide up to $250,000 in funding for all selected entities, such as nonprofits, congressionally chartered VSOs, or State or local agencies to implement the peertopeer program. Let’s think about that—$250,000. The Denver VA Hospital construction project, originally budgeted for just over $600 million, is operating $800 million to $900 million over budget—$800 million to $900 million over budget. The Department of Veterans Affairs came to a Committee on Veterans’ Affairs hearing, which I am proud to serve on that committee, and they said that they are operating off what they referred to as an artificial budget. Has anyone ever heard of an artificial budget? I had one colleague who was asking for when she was going to get a timeline of when we would have an actual budget. Unable to get an answer, she asked the followup question, not trying to embarrass the Department. She ended up asking the followup question of when she was going to get a timeline of when she was going to get a timeline of when we were going to have an actual budget. When $800 million to $900 million ends up getting spent over budget, think of the hundreds of veterans in one county alone who could be helped for just $200,000. The money is there. When the Secretary of the VA, when the Department of Veterans Affairs signs off on a relocation and incentive bonus for one of their own, whose position is in Washington, D.C., and she wants to go to Philadelphia, where her family is, and take over a position in charge of their Veterans Affairs hospital, she arranges a move to get the person, the gentleman in charge of the Philly VA hospital moved to Los Angeles. So now she gets the job she wanted. She is closer to family, and she gets herself a relocation and incentive bonus over $200,000. The Office of Inspector General was outraged. They made a report recommending that this gets referred to the Department of Justice. The Department of Veterans Affairs was so outraged at this report from the inspector general that they ended up turning on their own inspector general, not referring anything to the Department of Justice. One of the responsibilities of this House is oversight. You look at our Constitution. Article I is long, all the powers granted to Congress. Look at the powers of the President and the executive. It is short. Within that article, it talks about the oversight of this body, oversight to make sure that money is being spent appropriately, wisely, efficiently, and that people are held accountable when they are not doing the right thing on behalf of our veterans. My bill would effectively and efficiently, as it has proven, provide 24/7 peertopeer mental health services by trained peer specialists for veterans, Reservists, and National Guardsmen wherever and whenever they are needed. In addition, the Dwyer program will provide group and individual meetings to help foster a greater sense of inclusion and community amongst our veterans and, as I mentioned earlier, the program also addresses the many privacy concerns that veterans and other servicemembers have, as the Dwyer program representatives themselves will be veterans and would not be responsible to the Department of Veterans Affairs, therefore easing reporting concerns. This is a bill that I have been working on since I took office in January 2015, working closely with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs that I serve on, the American Legion, other VSOs, the National Disability Rights Network, various healthcare providers on Long Island, as well as my Veterans Advisory Panel, which is made up of representatives from veterans groups and veterans themselves. I want to thank the Dwyer family for all the inspiration the sacrifice of Joseph has provided to so many in our community and our country, and for me included. There would not be a Dwyer program in the State of New York without the sacrifice of Joseph Dwyer. I want to thank the county of Suffolk and specifically Tom Ronayne, who runs the Veterans Service Office, for the countless hours and the love that he and his team have put into this effort that we talk about here tonight on the House floor; to Chris Delaney, Joseph’s friend, who has served our country as well as Tom has and has done so much through his work with 9– 1–1 Veterans and also serving on my Veterans Advisory Panel. I think of so many individuals who have given so much of their personal time to make this work. It is an honor to be here on behalf of that team advocating for this cause. I unapologetically love my country. I believe that we live in the greatest Nation in the world. I will say that the highlight of my day during my time in Iraq was going back to my tent at the end of the day. There would be care packages waiting for us from strangers—8yearolds, 9yearolds from other corners of the country—with pictures of tanks and flags and soldiers, cards saying, ‘‘Thank you for your service.’’ The generation that came before me didn’t get that treatment. Just think. Right now we have servicemembers in Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere who were 4 years old on 9/11. Their entire generation, it is all they know. They went through their entire life, from 4 years old to today, knowing exactly what they were signing up for; and actually knowing what they were signing up for gave them all the motivation and inspiration in the world they needed to put on that uniform. It is a great feeling the first time you get to put on our Nation’s uniform. For me, it wasn’t a feeling that I had about myself when I looked in the mirror and I saw myself wearing a uniform. It was thinking of those generations who came before us, like our Nation’s Greatest Generation. It is a challenge for our generation to earn the title of our Nation’s next Greatest Generation. Maybe that generation is now serving here in this Chamber where 31 Members of the House are under the age of 40, including new Members who have come in who served in Iraq and Afghanistan. b1715 As I think about that 8yearold and 9yearold who wrote that card to that stranger they did not know and as we stand here today enjoying our freedoms, we think of those who are in harm’s way—strangers—we don’t know them—they are going to come back after seeing things none of us would ever want to see in our lives. And will we be there for them? Mr. Speaker, there is one other bill that was filed in this Chamber called the Fairness for Veterans Act. An Iraq veteran from Long Island, Kristofer Goldsmith, received a general discharge, which is a lessthanhonorable discharge. As a result, he doesn’t have the same veterans benefits that someone who is separated with an honorable discharge would receive. He came back with post traumatic stress disorder. He attempted to take his own life. When your posttraumatic stress disorder ends up leading to a discharge with a lessthanhonorable discharge, isn’t it our responsibility to ensure that they have the ability to diagnose and treat their posttraumatic stress disorder? What if they are applying for an upgrade of their discharge status? Should we put the burden on that veteran to prove that the circumstances that led to their discharge is connected to their posttraumatic stress disorder? No. This bill addresses that by putting the burden on the government to show that the circumstances weren’t connected to what led to that discharge. We must fight for all our veterans who are willing to fight for us. My bills will bring muchneeded support—the Dwyer Program and the Fairness for Veterans Act—to millions of veterans, if you think of all those not only serving now, but in the future, and their families. 
Passing these bills and others to address veterans’ mental health is of the highest priority for many of us in this Chamber. I will work every day in Congress to spread awareness of these two bills and gather cosponsors and the support of veterans groups and mental health organizations from all across the country so that we pass this bill as soon as possible. One last word about our families. We often say thank you to our veterans, as we should. We say thank you to our first responders, our law enforcement, our volunteer firefighters, our EMTs. There are so many people who try to give back and who believe in service because they love their community, their State, their country. They want to give back. They want to leave this place better than they found it. When I was in Iraq this past Christmas, I met the Command Sergeant Major for the 82nd Airborne Division. He is on his 11th deployment. I spoke earlier about that veteran who was 4 years old on 9/11. We also have that Command Sergeant Major of the 82nd Airborne Division who was on his 11th deployment. My daughters were born 14
1⁄2weeks early. They were less than a pound and a half when they were born. They spent their first 3
U.S. C ONGRESS , CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, February 16, 2016. Re Spending for MeansTested Programs in CBO’s Baseline, 2016–2026. Hon. TOMPRICE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMRCHAIRMAN : As you requested, enclosed are two tables that show federal spending for the government’s major mandatory spending programs and tax credits that are primarily meanstested (that is, spending programs and tax credits that provide cash payments or other forms of assistance to people with relatively low income or few assets): Table 1 shows CBO’s January 2016 baseline projections for the 2016–2026 period. Table 2 shows historical spending data from 2006 through 2015 along with CBO’s estimates for 2016. Each table also includes a line showing total spending for mandatory programs that are not primarily meanstested. (Some of those programs—the student loan programs, for example—have meanstested components, however.) The tables exclude meanstested programs that are discretionary (such as the Section 8 housing assistance programs and the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program). However, each table shows discretionary spending for the Federal Pell Grant Program as a memorandum item because that program has discretionary and mandatory components and because the amount of the mandatory component depends in part on the amount of discretionary funding. In The Budget and Economic Outlook: 2016 to 2026, which CBO published in January 2016, mandatory outlays for meanstested programs are projected to grow over the next decade at an average annual rate of 4.3 percent, compared with an average rate of 5.5 percent for nonmeanstested programs, such as Social Security, most of Medicare, and civilian and military retirement programs (see Table 1). Mandatory outlays in 2016 will be boosted by an estimated shift of $39 billion in payments from fiscal year 2017 to 2016 (because October 1, 2016, falls on a weekend). If not for that shift, mandatory outlays for meanstested programs would grow over the next decade at an average annual rate of 4.4 percent, compared with 5.7 percent for non meanstested programs. Compared with growth from 2007 through 2016, projected growth from 2017 to 2026 (adjusted for shifts in the timing of payments) is much lower for meanstested programs (which will have grown at an average rate of 7.2 percent from 2007 to 2016, by CBO’s estimate). In contrast, projected growth for nonmeanstested programs (which will have grown at an average rate of 4.8 percent from 2007 to 2016, CBO estimates) is almost one percentage point higher per year, in part because of the aging of the population (see Table 2). Overall, the growth rates projected for total mandatory spending over the coming decade are slower than those of the past 10 years—by about onehalf of a percentage point per year, on average. However, most of that difference results from the shift of some payments from 2017 to 2016. If not for that shift, the average growth rate projected for total mandatory spending over the coming decade would be 5.4 percent, equal to the rate recorded for the past 10 years. A number of programs shown in Tables 1 and 2 have been or are scheduled to be significantly affected by changes in law. The most recent recession and the continuing recovery also exert an influence. As a result, important aspects of the programs in the future may differ significantly from experience over the past decade, and those differences may be the source of some of the variation between the growth rates in the past 10 years and those in the coming decade. For example, spending for several programs—Medicaid, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), subsidies for health insurance purchased through an exchange, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and the refundable portions of the earned income and child tax credits—has been or will be significantly affected by program changes that unfold over time: Medicaid spending shot up by 35 percent from 2008 to 2010, during the most recent recession, both because of enrollment growth and as a result of a temporary increase in the federal matching rate. After dropping off a bit subsequently, that spending has been boosted by the expansion of Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act. As that expansion has been phased in, spending for the program increased by 32 percent from 2013 to 2015 and is projected to rise by 9 percent in 2016. Under current law, the rate of growth in Medicaid spending would decline through 2019, CBO projects, after which it would largely level off at a rate of roughly 5 percent per year through the end of the projection period. Under current law, spending authority for CHIP will expire at the end of fiscal year 2017. Consistent with statutory guidelines, CBO assumes in its baseline spending projections that annual funding for the program after 2017 will continue at $5.7 billion.
1As a result, in CBO’s baseline, spending for CHIP is projected to drop to $11 billion in 2018 and to about $6 billion in subsequent years; it had grown from $5 billion to $13 billion from 2006 to 2016. Payments of subsidies for health insurance purchased through an exchange began in January 2014 and totaled $27 billion in fiscal year 2015. They are projected to continue to grow rapidly between 2016 and 2018, largely as a result of significant growth in enrollment. CBO and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation project annual growth averaging about 4 percent between 2019 and 2026. SNAP spending increased markedly during the most recent recession—roughly doubling between 2008 and 2011—as more people became eligible for those benefits. In addition, 
the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) temporarily raised the maximum benefit under that program. The combination of higher enrollment and an increased benefit caused outlays to peak at $83 billion in 2013. Spending has fallen since then because subsequent legislation eliminated the increase in the maximum benefit (as of October 31, 2013) and because the program’s caseload (which peaked in 2014) has declined. CBO expects that enrollment will continue to fall in each year of the projection period as the economy continues to improve. As a result, spending for SNAP is projected to decline slightly over the next several years, after growing by an average of 8 percent per year over the 2007–2016 period. Outlays for the earned income and child tax credits rose by almost 40 percent from 2007 to 2008 and have grown slowly since then. Provisions expanding the refundability of those credits originally enacted in ARRA (and subsequently extended) recently were made permanent.
2As a result, those outlays are projected to continue to grow slowly—by an average of about 2 percent per year—over the projection period. Finally, because of the unusual budgetary treatment of the Pell grant program—which has mandatory and discretionary components—the growth rates for the mandatory portions of that program give incomplete information. The bulk of the funding is provided annually in appropriation acts and thus is discretionary. In recent years, spending for the program also has included two mandatory components that have allowed the discretionary budget authority provided by the regular appropriation acts to remain well below the full cost of the program. In keeping with procedures that govern CBO’s baseline, the projection for the discretionary portion of the Pell grant program is based on the budget authority appropriated for fiscal year 2016, adjusted for inflation. (That projection of discretionary spending is shown as a memorandum item in both tables.) Thus, the baseline projection for both discretionary and mandatory spending for Pell grants does not represent an estimate of the expected future costs of the program; such a projection also would account for such factors as award amounts, eligibility, and enrollment. I hope that you find this information helpful. If you have any further questions, please contact me or my staff. The primary staff contact is Barry Blom. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. Enclosures. 
ENDNOTES  1. Under current law, funding for the program in 2017 consists of two semiannual allotments of $2.85 billion—amounts that are much smaller than the allotments made in the past. (The first semiannual allotment in 2017 will be supplemented by $14.7 billion in onetime funding for the program.) Following the rules prescribed by the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, CBO extrapolates the $2.85 billion provided for the second half of the year to arrive at projected annual funding of $5.7 billion. 2. Refundable tax credits reduce a filer’s overall income tax liability; if the credit exceeds the rest of the filer’s income tax liability, the government pays all or some portion of that excess to the taxpayer. Those tax credits also affect the budget, to a lesser extent, by reducing tax revenues; those revenue effects are not shown in the tables. 
[Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars] 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Average Annual Growth (Percent) 2017–2026 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. The projections shown here are the same as those reported in Congressional Budget Office, The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fisc al Years 2016 to 2026 (January 2016). The average annual growth rate over the 2017–2026 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount projected for 2016 throu gh the amount projected for 2026. Projections of spending for benefit programs in this table exclude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary bu t generally include administrative costs that are classified as mandatory. SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Because October 1 will fall on a weekend in 2016, 2017, 2022, and 2023, certain federal payments that are due on those dates wi ll instead be made at the end of the preceding September and thus be shifted into the previous fiscal year. Those shifts primarily affect outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans’ compensation benefits and pensions, and  Medicare. 
aDiffers from the amounts reported in Table 3–2 in The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2016 to 2026 in that it does no t include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that attract less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll people with high health care costs). Spending for gr ants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
cDiffers from the amounts reported in Table 3–2 in The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2016 to 2026 in that it does no t include other tax credits that were included in that table. 
dIncludes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitlement  program, and other programs that benefit children. 
eIncludes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award amount se t in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
gDoes not include outlays associated with federal interest payments. 
hThe discretionary baseline does not represent a projection of expected costs for the discretionary portion of the Federal Pell Grant Program. As with all other discretionary programs, the budget authority is calculated by inflating the budget authority appropriated for fiscal year 2016. Outlays for future years are based on those amounts of budget authority and  also reflect a temporary surplus of budget authority provided in 2016. 
[Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars] 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 Est., 2016 Annual Growth (Percent 2007–2016 
[Outlays by fiscal year, billions of dollars] 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 Est., 2016 Annual Growth (Percent 2007–2016 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. The average annual growth rate over the 2007–2016 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount recorded in 2006 through  the amount projected for 2016. Data on spending for benefit programs in this table exclude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary but gener ally include administrative costs that are classified as mandatory. SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; n.a. = not applicable. Because October 1 fell on a weekend in 2006, 2007, and 2012, certain federal payments that were due on those dates were instead  made at the end of the preceding September and thus shifted into the previous fiscal year. 
aDiffers from the amounts reported in Table 3–2 in The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2016 to 2026 in that it does no t include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that attract less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll people with high health care costs). Spending for gr ants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
cIncludes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitlement  program, and other programs that benefit children. 
dIncludes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award amount se t in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
fDoes not include outlays associated with federal interest payments. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 16, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. SIMPSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. AMODEI , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. STEWART , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. HURD of Texas, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. CHAFFETZ ): H.R. 4739. A bill to provide for the conservation and preservation of the greater sage grouse by facilitating State recovery plans; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 4740. A bill to direct the Attorney General to make grants to States and units of local government for the prevention, enforcement, and prosecution of cybercrimes against individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 4741. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for modular open system architecture in major defense acquisition programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. SMITH of Texas): H.R. 4742. A bill to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepreneurial programs for women; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 4743. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: H.R. 4744. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MULVANEY: H.R. 4745. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts for the storage of certain highlevel radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel and take title to certain highlevel radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4746. A bill to provide that no additional Federal funds may be made available for National Heritage Areas, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. WESTMORELAND , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. WOODALL , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. ALLEN ): H.R. 4747. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. NORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. RANGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 4748. A bill to ban the importation of semiautomatic assault weapons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California: H. Res. 643. A resolution honoring women who have served, and who are currently serving, as members of the Armed Forces and recognizing the recently expanded service opportunities available to female members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. JONES , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas): H. Res. 644. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the First Aero Squadron’s participation as the first aviation unit to take part in military operations, and the group’s contribution to the Nation’s airpower heritage; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. FLEMING , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. ZINKE): H. Res. 645. A resolution expressing the sense of House that individuals captured by the United States for supporting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant should be detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
178. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of New Mexico, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 15, stating that the State of New Mexico stands in support of the passage of the Dine College Act of 2015 and urges the New Mexico Congressional Delegation to work to ensure its passage into Federal Law; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 153: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 242: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 244: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 303: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 465: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 494: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 546: Mr. CALVERT and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 556: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 619: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 649: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 711: Mr. MESSER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. LATTA , and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 748: Mr. GRIJALVA and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 759: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 845: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 913: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 953: Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. POLIS, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 986: Mr. ZELDIN and Mr. P ITTS. H.R. 1116: Mr. RUSHand Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1130: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1185: Mr. TROTT , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi gan, and Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 1193: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1220: Mr. LEWIS, Mrs. R OBY, Mr. HULTGREN , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 1221: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1336: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 1397: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 1427: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1515: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 1631: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1655: Mr. JOLLY and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 1671: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 1707: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1797: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1996: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2170: Mr. RENACCI and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2205: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 2237: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2254: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2260: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2264: Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. T ROTT and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 2313: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H.R. 2404: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2483: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 2567: Mr. WALKER and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 2711: Mr. GOSAR , Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 2712: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 2726: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 2775: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2802: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 2826: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 2844: Mr. LANGEVIN and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2874: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 2896: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2902: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 3048: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 3084: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 3099: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. HUNTER , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 3180: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3209: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. N UNES . H.R. 3235: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 3326: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 3399: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3411: Ms. ADAMS and Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3546: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3648: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 3713: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 3747: Mr. COHEN and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3765: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 3779: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3799: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3804: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 3808: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina and Mr. KLINE. H.R. 3817: Mr. RANGEL , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3849: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 3851: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 3974: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 3982: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4016: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4043: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4062: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4073: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. CARNEY . H.R. 4126: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia. H.R. 4133: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 4144: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4177: Mr. HARDY and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 4197: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4229: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi gan, and Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 4247: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4249: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 4262: Mr. TROTT and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4277: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 4293: Mr. OLSON , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. LATTA . H.R. 4301: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 4336: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. HARDY , Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4352: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4375: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4400: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4420: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4428: Mr. ABRAHAM and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 4442: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4447: Mr. WELCH , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4469: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 4472: Mr. REICHERT , Mr. N UNES , Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 4481: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 4490: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4511: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4514: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. K INZINGER of Il linois, Mr. FLEMING , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. S HERMAN. H.R. 4553: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4570: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 4622: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 4626: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 4651: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4653: Mr. VANHOLLEN and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4662: Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4664: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4668: Mr. CICILLINE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. KEATING , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 4678: Mr. COOKand Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 4681: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4690: Mr. HILL. H.R. 4700: Mr. TAKAI and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 4712: Ms. LEE, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4720: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4723: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4730: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 4731: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.J. Res. 12: Mr. RIBBLE . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. RENACCI . H.J. Res. 85: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. COSTA . H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. O’ROURKE . H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. DESANTIS . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. WALBERG . H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAMof New Mexico. H. Res. 12: Mr. LATTA . H. Res. 28: Mr. LATTA . H. Res. 207: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. BENISHEK . H. Res. 220: Ms. MATSUI and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 294: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 343: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 374: Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 419: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. M CCAUL. H. Res. 432: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 541: Mr. DESAULNIER and Miss R ICE of New York. H. Res. 631: Mr. TAKAI. H. Res. 641: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 642: Mr. POCAN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1475 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 2016 No. 41 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 