Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last night, several hundred people gathered to wish SAMFARRfarewell to his congressional career, celebrating a half century of public service. SAMstarted in the Peace Corps, volunteering in Colombia in the sixties. He was active as a local government official, and in the California State legislature and finally 23 years in Congress. He came by his calling honestly. He was born on the Fourth of July. Son of Fred Farr, a State senator and a Johnson administration official, SAM has been dedicated to the widest range of issues of anybody I have worked with in my years in Congress. He has worked on issues of livable communities, transportation, land use planning, and healthy agriculture. He took very seriously the fact that he represented California’s ‘‘salad bowl.’’ He has been a leader in marijuana reform, with the famous FarrRohrabacher amendment slapping the Federal Government’s hands back from interfering with medical marijuana. You know, there is a movie from 1983 with Woody Allen. In ‘‘Zelig,’’ this kind of nebbish chameleonlike person showed up everywhere in all of these important events in the twenties and thirties. Well, SAMhas sort of that characterization. Although, unlike a nebbish or chameleon, SAMwas bold, he was infectious, he was warm, but he was everywhere in the course of the last 20 years. Just this last year alone, we saw the unprecedented oceans protections that were implemented by the Obama administration. SAMFARR’s fingerprints are all over that act, working for 20 years on oceans protections as the major oceans advocate in Congress. SAMwas in Cuba with President Obama as we opened up relations with that island after a half century of isolation. He has been on the right side of that issue from the beginning. Luckily, he was able to be there. He has been honored by the nation of Colombia, where he served as a Peace Corps volunteer. Last weekend, SAM was there with Secretary Kerry, celebrating the peace accords that brought an end to that tortuous conflict. You know, people complain about Congress being too partisan, too gridlocked. It is true. But for 23 years, SAM FARRhas shown that no matter who is in charge or how bad it gets, a smart person with a big heart, a great staff, persistence, and passion can make amazing things happen. He has given many gifts to his constituents and to the Nation, but one gift may be overarching, if people here take seriously, is his example of how to be a Congressman. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR’S OVERTIME RULE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Some Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This bipartisan legislation offers a responsible solution to the U.S. Department of Labor’s overtime rule that would jeopardize the ability for small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges to maintain current operations and good paying career jobs. H.R. 6094, which I have cosponsored, would require a 6month delay in the effective date of the DOL overtime rule. No, this isn’t the outright repeal of the overtime rule that I, along with many others, have called for, but it is a practical step towards helping those organizations take steps to mitigate the impact of this regulation. Without passage of H.R. 6094, the overtime rule will take effect in 2 months. This is simply not enough time to allow affected employers and employees an opportunity to adjust and prepare for the adverse economic consequences. Over 10 million workers, including many in my home State of Pennsylvania, will be impacted. Companies will be forced to shift employees from salary to hourly pay, nonprofits will have to cut back on critical services, employees may lose the opportunity to work remotely, while seeing fewer opportunities for career development. Our employers need fewer administrative costs and compliance burdens, not more. Employees deserve flexibility and autonomy and the opportunity to build successful careers. However, these regulations, no matter how well intended, would drain our economy and hurt the very people they are attempting to help. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6094. DON’T PUNISH TAXPAYERS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 954, the COOP Consumer Protection Act, which would provide temporary relief from ObamaCare’s individual mandate for Americans directly impacted by failed ObamaCare COOPs. At the outset of this law, 23 COOPs provided insurance options for enrollees in 25 States. However, nearly 2 years later, we have learned that a majority—17 of them—have failed. The reason for the failure has been painfully obvious. The ACA manipulated insurance markets and created COOPs as a means to establish government managed competition. The cost of this illfated attempt at market manipulation has been borne by the American public. Over $1 billion of hardearned taxpayer dollars were sunk into failed COOPs. Worse, for American consumers who enrolled in a failed COOP, they did not just lose their health coverage, but due to another glitch in the law, these individuals may be forced to pay the IRS a tax penalty for failing to have adequate health coverage under the individual mandate. Mr. Speaker, these individuals should not be penalized for the failings of the law. That is why I rise to explain my support of H.R. 954. This is a commonsense solution to provide temporary relief to those individuals affected by the failed COOPs. This legislation states simply that if you lose your health coverage midterm due to a failed COOP, then you should not be forced to pay a 2016 tax penalty for lacking health coverage. Put simply, to allow this law to harm those individuals who lost their health coverage at no fault of their own is unacceptable. I thank my colleagues for their action on this bill. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5303, the Water Resources Development Act, or WRDA for short. I supported this legislation in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in May, as it would authorize infrastructure projects important to my district, Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District, as well as across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and, indeed, across the country. If passed, WRDA would include a review of projects to enhance ecosystem restoration and water supply along the Delaware River Basin, including at the Blue Marsh Lake. Locks and dams in Pennsylvania would also be eligible for reconstruction. Finally, WRDA would authorize an expedited study for a navigation project along the upper Ohio River in Pennsylvania. Projects included in WRDA support jobs and keep businesses and homes protected by providing critical oversight of our water infrastructure so that our country remains safe, productive, and competitive. 
HYDE AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the Hyde amendment, which, for too long, has been denying women their constitutional right to access safe and legal abortion. Mr. Speaker, restrictions on abortion do not make it go away. They make it less safe. For the last 40 years, the Hyde amendment has created an often insurmountable barrier for women across the country struggling to access affordable health care because it prohibits Medicaid coverage for abortion. It disproportionately affects lowincome women: young women, immigrant women, women of color, women in rural communities. In fact, more than half the women who have their rights restricted by the Hyde amendment are women of color. It is long past time to do away with this harmful provision, which has been expanded over the years to deny coverage to Federal employees and their dependents, our military servicemembers, Native Americans, and even Peace Corps volunteers. b1015 Restricting Medicaid coverage of abortion means that about one in four lowincome women carry to term an unwanted pregnancy. That is not a decision the government should make for women. There are many things that Congress should be doing, but one thing we should not be doing is interfering with a woman’s constitutional right. So what should we be doing? We should be supporting policies that prevent unwanted pregnancies, like funding Planned Parenthood; and we should also pass the EACH Woman Act to lift the coverage ban that stands in the way of too many women who have the right to make their own decisions about what is best for them and their families. Two generations of women have been affected by the Hyde amendment over the last four decades. Let’s end this policy and let each woman be able to do what is best for herself and her family. 
HONORING SPECIALIST JONATHAN R. KEPHART The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over this past weekend people in Oil City, Venango County, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, joined to honor an American hero. On April 8, 2004, Specialist Jonathan Kephart was killed in Iraq after his convoy patrol was ambushed outside of Baghdad. Kephart was credited with protecting his fellow soldiers by laying down fire against hundreds of enemy fighters, even after being wounded twice. He was the first soldier from Venango County killed in Iraq or Afghanistan. Last Saturday, the Petroleum Street Bridge in Oil City was named after Specialist Kephart, and September 24 was declared Jonathan R. Kephart Memorial Day in Oil City. I want to commend the efforts of everyone who worked to make this a reality, including State Representative Lee James, who authored and led the effort to pass the bill that made this distinction possible, earning unanimous approval in the Pennsylvania State House and Senate. It is my hope that, because of this memorial to Specialist Kephart, his bravery and his sacrifice will live on in the hearts and the minds of the people in Oil City and Venango County for generations to come. f 
PROMESA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, there is an important meeting in the Financial District of New York City, right in the heart of stock traders, the investment banks, and the bond buyers and sellers who trade in the debt of companies, countries, and municipalities. Right there in the nerve center of our financial market, they are holding a meeting. Is it a meeting about Wells Fargo opening up thousands of accounts without the knowledge or consent of their customers? No, nothing like that. Nor anything related to the financial meltdown that our country is still recovering from that started right there. Nope. This is the first meeting of the Puerto Rico financial control board, the junta de control, that has supreme power to rule over Puerto Rico. Now, in case there is any confusion with the geography, New York City has a lot of Puerto Ricans, but it is not, in fact, the capital of Puerto Rico. My staff checked. San Juan is still the capital of Puerto Rico. No, the meeting of the junta de control that has dominion over all aspects of the Puerto Rican people is not meeting in Puerto Rico. The meeting is taking place pretty close to Wall Street, which, I think, is symbolic of the way the junta de control over Puerto Rico came about. It is a very bad omen for the future. Let me explain. There are seven people—not elected, but appointed—who oversee every aspect of Puerto Rico’s governance. Four are Republican nominees, there are three Democrats, and there is one nonvoting member of the junta. Several of the members of the Puerto Rico junta de control appear to have deep ties to Wall Street, where you can find many of the bondholders who traded and profited off Puerto Rico’s $72 billion in debt. Judge Juan R. Torruella, the first Hispanic appointed by Ronald Reagan to the prestigious U.S. First Circuit Court of Appeals summed it up pretty well. He said to the Colegio de Abogados, the Puerto Rican Bar Association, that: ‘‘The principal purpose of PROMESA is to establish a collection agency for bondholders.’’ The person who is rumored to be the executive director of the junta de control is a bigtime corporate energy lobbyist. He is the former head of the Center for Liquefied Natural Gas, a trade association of energy producers, which makes everyone concerned about Puerto Rico’s environment nervous—with good reason. So holding the first meeting in Lower Manhattan confirms to Puerto Ricans that the junta de control is by, for, and about the bondholders and corporate interests on Wall Street. So I consider the junta meeting on Friday as a homecourt game. The board will elect their chairman on Friday. Yeah, they are going to elect a chairman. Kind of ironic because they are electing the chairman to an unelected board because, well, democracy is good for some people—just not the people of Puerto Rico. We have been told that members of the control board met secretly in Washington last week at the Treasury offices. Whether this is actually the first meeting of the control board is in great doubt. And all of this raises the bigger problem of transparency. There isn’t any. Under the law, this group can meet in secret anywhere in the world, and their proceedings can be conducted in executive session. The board members can receive unlimited and unreported gifts, meals, even tickets to Hamilton and anything else, and we will never know. The scandal is coming. They are under no obligation to translate anything into Spanish, which, in case you forgot, is the language of the people that they are to control. I will say, to their credit, that, after I wrote to each member of the control board and asked for a public commitment to transparency, a few of them wrote back. None of them made a public commitment to transparency, but a few acknowledged that keeping Puerto Ricans informed, making the meetings publicly accessible, and translating materials in the language of the people being governed were good principles. It remains to be seen whether anyone on the junta de control really fights to inform the people of Puerto Rico, really sets up to be a champion for the schoolteachers and the doctors and the moms and the dads who are struggling, and the firemen, and the policemen who serve the people of Puerto Rico and are heroes. 
And it is unclear that this control board will step up on behalf of the Puerto Rican people and make creating jobs, creating more jobs and creating more jobs the number one priority of the junta. That is the way we create a tax base for Puerto Rico. That is the way we give puertoriquenos a viable option to live and work in Puerto Rico rather than moving to Florida or some other State. So, Mr. Speaker, as we leave Washington this week and head home for the great exercise in American democracy in November, I want all of us to keep in mind that the island of Puerto Rico, our colony in the Caribbean Sea, is a place that now, more than ever, only dreams of true democracy. 
COMMENDING EDEN DETENTION CENTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with concerns about a recently issued memo from the Department of Justice to the Acting Director of the Bureau of Prisons directing the nonrenewal or reduction of contracts with private detention facilities. I strongly disagree with this policy change, as private prisons play a critical role in our current Federal Bureau of Prisons system. One facility in particular, the Eden Detention Center, located in Texas’ 11th District, is an excellent example of a private prison operating in an efficient, effective, secure, and safe manner for both the community and those incarcerated. Let me take a moment to brag about these constituents. The American Correctional Association has awarded the Eden Detention facility a 100 percent score on their mandatory requirements, and a 99.08 percent score on nonmandatory requirements. These are undoubtedly phenomenal rankings by any measure, and the Eden facility meets these high standards at considerably lower costs than similar Federal facilities. Eden is more than a detention facility; it is a rehabilitation center. The Bureau of Prisons has long placed significance on rehabilitating those incarcerated, directing facilities to invest in the lives of their inmates. The goal—to turn individuals from a life of crime to contributing members of society—is at the center of the Eden facility’s mission. It is this responsibility for one’s fellow man that the people of Eden understand and put into practice daily, providing inmates with extensive training, educational services, and recreation, all for the purpose of improving life after incarceration. The Eden facility has partnered with many civic and charitable organizations in the surrounding community to support this goal. As a result, the center is able to provide many vocational, computer, and life skills training opportunities, as well as educational opportunities for basic adult education, English language training, GED, a full library, a law library, and much more. The Bureau of Prisons takes extreme pride—and rightfully so—in a strong value system that includes, but is not limited to, respect, integrity, service, safety for all parties, successful rehabilitation, and exceptional staff and operations. I am proud to report that Eden and the greater community not only meet these core values, but they share them as well. f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, Americans everywhere are tired of reading headlines about mass shootings. What happened in Orlando in June broke all our hearts, and we have felt similar outrage about the shooting in Houston this week. But while incidents like this command headlines, we forget just how frequent shootings have become. In New York City, already this year, there have been 897 shooting victims. According to Gun Violence Archive, which tracks shootings daily across the United States, there have been 10,717 gunrelated deaths this year and more than 22,000 injuries, and it is only September. There are steps this Congress could take to help stem this violence. Will any one solution stop gun violence completely? Of course not. There are anywhere from 270 million to 310 million guns in the United States, close to one firearm for every man, woman and child. So we will not solve this problem overnight. But there are some steps we could take, steps that Republicans continue blocking. First, it makes no sense that if you cannot legally get on an airplane, you can still purchase a firearm. If you are prohibited from flying, you shouldn’t be buying a gun. That is just common sense. Now, some on the other side of the aisle like to drag up an incident or two where someone was incorrectly placed on the nofly list. If that is the case, I will say, let’s also fix the nofly list. But we cannot use this as an excuse to do nothing. That is what the NRA and the gun manufacturing lobby want Congress to do—nothing. Second, for 10 years, this Nation used to have an assault weapon ban. President Bush let that law expire. We need to reinstate it. Third, we need a universal system of background checks, something that 87 percent of the American public supports. Mr. Speaker, there are other, tougher steps I would like to see implemented. I have legislation that will invest in community organizations that combat gun violence. My bill will also help stop the flow of stolen guns into New York City and hold accountable gun owners who lose their guns and irresponsibly do not report them missing. For now, there are three basic steps we should take immediately to help reduce this epidemic. Yet Republicans can barely fund the government, let alone take on difficult problems like these. Let me make one last observation, Mr. Speaker. The American people are watching on this issue. If Republicans are in such a hurry to get back to your districts, I promise, you will hear from your constituents on this issue. We are all tired of tragedies like Orlando and what happened in Houston this week, and we are also outraged by the daily shootings that do not make national news but still shatter families. The American people are watching. They are telling the Republican leadership: ‘‘Do your job. Do your job with funding to address Zika. Do your job with money for Flint. And do your job to address the tragedy of gun violence.’’ 
ICANN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, it was recently revealed that 500 million Yahoo email accounts were hacked in 2014, making it the largest data breach in U.S. history. Even more troubling is the fact that the perpetrators have been reported to be statesponsored actors, with China and Russia among the likely suspects. Yet, in the face of such vulnerabilities, President Obama wants to give the Chinese and Russian Governments more control over how the Internet operates. The President has even promised to shut down the Federal Government budget so that he can meet his goal of giving away a portion of America’s control over the Internet to these foreign governments by October 1, 2016. b1030 Rushing headlong to meet an arbitrary date to hand over our Internet control is incredibly foolish. In fact, it is stupid. No one rewards a criminal for their criminal acts, but that is exactly what the President’s policy does. Sadly, it is yet another example of how this administration has sacrificed U.S. leadership and values across the world to advance a reckless agenda. The policies from this administration have only led to America losing standing and influence across the globe on a wide range of fronts—and it must end. Our adversaries have become bolder, taking advantage of the vacuum of leadership created by the pulling back of U.S. leadership. The forces of extremism, violence, totalitarianism, and criminal enterprises have filled the void, and the American people are suffering as a result. 
The disastrous nuclear deal with Iran is a very good example. It has not only failed to curtail the Iranian regime’s plans to develop nuclear weapons, it has also resulted in a ransom payment of $1.7 billion for four Americans who were being held illegally by Iran. This display of weakness has only emboldened the largest state sponsor of international terrorism. It has provided Iran with over $1 billion to fund terrorism, enhance its illegal ballistic missile development programs, and ramp up its aggression against U.S. military forces. President Reagan warned us: ‘‘Weakness, after all, is a temptation—it tempts the pugnacious to assert themselves—but strength is a declaration that cannot be misunderstood. Strength is a condition that declares actions have consequences. Strength is a prudent warning to the belligerent that aggression need not go unanswered.’’ Whenever this administration pulls back, the belligerent have happily stepped in to fill the void. That is why we must reject this latest effort to relinquish U.S. leadership over the Internet. The excessive hacking encouraged by the Governments of Russia, China, and others should not be rewarded. We must stand up to these dangerous actors and put the safety, security, and interests of the United States first. Simply put, Russia and China cannot be trusted with a larger role in the operation of the Internet. We have a duty to block the President’s foolish and reckless Internet giveaway before it goes into effect October 1, 2016. It will further cede more control to our adversaries and weaken America’s influence on the international stage. Stopping this giveaway must be included in this year’s spending bill. It is absolutely critical that Congress takes action. 
SAN JACINTO RIVER WASTE PITS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker and Members, I rise to announce that later today the Environmental Protection Agency will issue its final plan to clean up the San Jacinto River Waste Pits, a Superfund site in eastern Harris County, Texas. The communities of eastern Harris County, especially Channelview and Highlands, have fought for a decade to ensure that toxic waste that was dumped alongside the San Jacinto River 50 years ago will be fully removed and permanently protect our children and our children’s children from the dangers found at the site. I thank the EPA and Region 6 for its hard work and diligence on this very important issue for our community. I would also like to thank the community members and local officials who have fought to clean up the site and ensure our community is made whole. Mr. Speaker, I am looking forward to EPA’s announcement today. f 
THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of my constituents to express my outrage about the White House’s ransom payment to Iran. On January 17, 2016, the Obama administration announced that it would give the Islamic Republic of Iran a total of $1.7 billion to settle a 1979 arms deal. However, they failed to announce that, the day before, the administration had delivered an advance payment in cash of $400 million in unmarked bills to Iran in exchange for four American hostages. In fact, the American people did not learn that the White House had made this secret ransom payment at all until this past August. The Obama administration’s decision to violate our Nation’s own historic policy against ransom payments has established a frightening precedent for the future. The President’s willingness to bend to Iran’s demands and use unmarked bills demonstrates to the world a fundamental weakness that emboldens our enemies while ceding to the demands of state sponsors of terrorism. American soldiers, diplomats, and citizens living and traveling abroad are less safe this year than they were last year. And global beliefs and perceptions of American leadership and intentions—among our allies and, more disastrously, among the bad actors in the world—have been forever altered. Indeed, Iran is already celebrating its leverage over the United States. One commander of an Iranian Revolutionary Guard militia exulted that ‘‘taking this much money back was in return for the release of the American spies.’’ Since the January ransom payment, Iran has, unsurprisingly, arrested additional Americans. The American people deserve answers about why the President felt it was acceptable to give nearly $2 billion to radical extremists supporting terrorism across the Middle East and beyond. That is why this month I interrogated officials at a Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations hearing. My colleagues and I questioned the timing of the secret payment, the White House’s insidious and foolish decision to use unmarked bills, and implications on terrorism in the region. But the administration refused to answer my simple questions that would give Americans the answers they deserve. Instead, officials said they could only share information behind closed doors. I took them up on that offer, and I and my colleagues had that 2hour long, closeddoor, classified meeting. After that briefing, I am now more certain than ever, Mr. Speaker, that the Obama administration paid an irresponsible and dangerous ransom to Iran. Why is the Obama administration so desperate to cover up the details of its ransom payment from the American people? The White House has made a reckless national security decision to bend entirely to the demands of Iran without assurances that Iran would not use this money for its military. Keep in mind that the Iranian military blatantly funds Hezbollah and other terrorist organizations. Shockingly, the administration told me publicly that, even if they had received assurances from Iran, they wouldn’t have trusted the country to keep its promises. Why, then, would we have given $400 million in unmarked bills to the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism? Why would the Obama administration accommodate and fund a foreign military that funds terrorism around the world? Why didn’t the White House write legally binding restrictions on the use of the money into the settlement agreement? Why did we agree to the settlement with a state sponsor of terrorism in the first place? The entire $1.7 billion was reportedly transferred to the Iranian military to fund a 90 percent increase in Iran’s military budget. This is public information, and the Obama administration dismissively pretends that no one can use the Internet. The Obama administration’s gift to the Iranian military is a disgrace to America’s allies in the Middle East, especially to Israel. It is a degradation of America’s counterterrorism efforts and geopolitical leadership. It is a failure to protect Americans abroad and the new prisoners who have been detained in Iran. As a member of this free Nation’s assembly of the people, I will hold our President accountable for his deception and negligence and will work to reverse this dangerous precedent that this administration has made for the future of our country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded not to engage in personalities toward the President. 
MACADAMIA TREE HEALTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, when most people think of Hawaii, my home State, they immediately think of our beautiful beaches, mountains, vistas, and wonderful people and culture, and they dream about when they might come and visit our home State. This contributes, no doubt, to our tourism industry being the major driver of our economy in Hawaii. But, along with our beautiful year round climate comes a great opportunity for our agriculture industry. In fact, most people are not aware that 
agriculture is the third largest industry in our State, accounting for over $2.9 billion of our annual economy and at least 42,000 jobs, according to our State Department of Agriculture. So, like States all across the country, we are working within government and the private sector to diversify and strengthen our economy, specifically our agriculture sector. However, one of the greatest threats that we are seeing in Hawaii and across the country to agriculture are invasive species. The macadamia felted coccid is one of more than 4,300 invasive species that threaten our agriculture industry. In Hawaii alone, the invasive species costs our local farmers, landowners, and ag industry millions of dollars every year and puts hundreds of our local small farms and thousands of local workers and the future of one of our most important crops at risk. Just last month, I had the chance to visit multiple farms on Hawaii island in my district, an island that produces 80 percent of Hawaii’s worldrenowned macadamia nuts that are shipped and sold all around the world. I heard one story after another from our farmers about how this tiny, invasive insect is destroying farms and threatening livelihoods that really bring many of our communities together. At just one of these more than 620 macadamia growing farms in Hawaii, this insect destroyed 500,000 pounds of macadamia nuts in just 1 year. Like most things, you can’t fix a problem that you don’t fully understand. Very little is known about this invasive pest—from its lifecycle to its seasonal pattern to its basic vulnerabilities—that directly impacts our ability to fight back. That is why I have introduced the macadamia tree health initiative today. My bill would authorize muchneeded research and development to combat the macadamia felted coccid and establish an areawide integrated pest management plan in areas badly affected by this invasive pest. For years, these pest management plans have helped farmers across the country manage invasive pests in a sustainable, environmentally friendly, and costeffective way. My bill would build off this pattern of success by bringing together local stakeholders, researchers, and other key players as we search for comprehensive solutions to keep the macadamia felted coccid and other invasive species from destroying our local farms and this important part of our domestic agriculture industry. In Hawaii, our macadamia nut industry employs thousands of people and is the economic lifeblood to many of our rural communities. Their jobs, their livelihood, and the vitality of our agriculture industry are at stake if we fail to act. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and empower our Nation’s agriculture industry to fight back against these invasive harmful pests. PERMANENT, FOREVER WARS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. WAGNER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I am now the only Republican remaining in Congress who voted against going to war in Iraq. For about 3 or 4 years, that was probably the most unpopular vote I ever cast. But slowly, slowly it became so that now probably it is the most popular vote I ever cast, because the American people do not want forever, permanent wars. So, Madam Speaker, you can understand why I was very interested in two very recent columns that I read. Adam Walinsky wrote in the September 21 Politico Magazine that he was a lifelong Democrat, former aid to John Kennedy, and former speechwriter for Robert Kennedy. He wrote, though, that he will be voting Republican in the Presidential race this year. He said: ‘‘But today’s Democrats have become the Party of War: a home for arms merchants, mercenaries, academic war planners, lobbyists for every foreign intervention, promoters of color revolutions, failed generals . . .’’ b1045 He added that ‘‘Our first answer to trouble or opposition of any kind seems always to be a military movement or action.’’ He wrote that Secretary Clinton, unlike the Kennedy brothers, has not sought peace, but ‘‘instead she has pushed America into successive invasions, successive efforts at ‘regime change.’’’ Perhaps worst of all, according to Walinsky, ‘‘Her shadow War Cabinet brims with the architects of war and disaster for the past decades, the neocons who led us to our present pass, in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, Yemen, in Ukraine, unrepentant of all past errors, ready to resume it all with fresh trillions and fresh blood.’’ Also, in yesterday’s Washington Times, Jed Babbin, a former Deputy Secretary of Defense in the administration of the first George Bush, said the second George Bush made a terrible mistake allowing the neocons to lead him into nation building in the Middle East after he had spoken so strongly against such nation building when he was running for President. Secretary Babbin wrote that Islam is incompatible with democracy, and Iraq and Afghanistan—and I suppose these other countries where we are still sending troops—will go back the way they always have been when we leave, whether we stay 6 more months or 60 more years. George Will wrote that the neocons were magnificently misnamed and really were the most radical people in Washington. These neocons have caused many thousands of young Americans to be killed or maimed for life. They should be ashamed, but they seem to have no shame. The American people, Madam Speaker, I repeat, do not want permanent, forever wars. They want to do whatever it takes to win wars, get them over with, and go back to days of peace and prosperity. 
REMEMBERING BATTALION CHIEF MICHAEL FAHY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, yesterday there was an explosion in my district and yesterday New York City lost one of its bravest: FDNY Battalion Chief Michael Fahy, a 17year veteran of the department and a father of three. He was a resident of Yonkers, New York, in my district, and a constituent of mine as well. Fahy was responding to a house fire when the building exploded, taking Battalion Chief Fahy’s life and wounding nine others, including another firefighter, seven NYPD officers, and one electrical worker. Thanks to these brave first responders, nobody else was hurt. Every New Yorker mourns this loss today. Battalion Chief Fahy was a secondgeneration firefighter. His family’s example is a reminder of the courage and dedication that the FDNY exemplifies. We honor Battalion Chief Fahy and his family for their service and their sacrifice. I want to send along my personal prayers, thoughts, and condolences to his wife, his children, and the rest of his family. He may be gone, but he will never be forgotten. Today and forever more, we will mourn his loss. 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRANCIS D. FAULCONER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a decorated World War II Army liaison, an accomplished radio and television broadcaster, and my beloved great uncle, retired Lieutenant Colonel Francis D. Faulconer. Soon after graduating from Lafayette High School in Lexington, Kentucky, Frank Faulconer enlisted in the United States Army in 1943 and was deployed to Europe in the Liaison G3 section of the first United States Army. In this capacity, he traveled with Combat Command A of the 3rd Army Spearhead Division from Meaux, France, to Rottgen, Germany. He earned five Bronze Stars for his service in Normandy, northern France; Rhineland, Central Europe; and the Ardennes. He additionally was awarded the Distinguished Service Award for helping to escort the reserve elements of the Combat Command, at night, from the rear to the forward elements of the battle line. In 1946, Faulconer enrolled at the University of Kentucky under the GI 
Bill and earned a degree in oratory. He got his first start in broadcasting after he accepted a parttime job at radio station WKLX, where he became the station’s official announcer to broadcast the Big Bands from 1948 to 1949 from Joyland Dance Casino. In 1950, Faulconer joined the Officers’ Reserve Corps, where he eventually retired from the Army Reserve in 1974 with the rank of lieutenant colonel. Faulconer continued his broadcasting career by joining the WKYT Channel 27 news team in Lexington, where he became the station’s first weatherman. He later transferred to Channel 36, where his career soared as a TV and weather broadcaster until 1986. There, he developed a reputation for having a melodious baritone voice with a colorful and entertaining style in delivering the daily weather forecast. Faulconer then became radio station WKQQ’s first weatherman, where he became known as Fearless Frank Faulconer, and known for his Fearless Frank’s Five Day Forecasts until he retired in 2001. During Faulconer’s long and illustrious career, he received various awards both nationally and locally for his unique approach to weather broadcasting. This year, on his 93rd birthday, June 16 was declared Frank Faulconer Day by the city of Lexington, Kentucky, honoring his years of service on radio, television, and as a World War II veteran. I am proud of Lieutenant Colonel Faulconer’s service to this country and for the many years of weather broadcasting. He has truly helped keep millions of Americans safe both at home and abroad. We recognize his service to our country, this true patriot and inspiration to us all. 
END SENSELESS GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, I rise to acknowledge the brave Houstonians’ law enforcement from many different jurisdictions who came to the aid of nine individuals who were shot randomly by a shooter in the last couple of days in Houston in a southwest shopping center, a place where many go for groceries, visit small businesses, and do their daily business, where many people are at work. Out of nowhere came a shooter whose home was ultimately investigated, where many items of military apparel and a load of guns were there to provide fear, I guess, in his decision to go on a shooting rampage after having a calm dinner with his family the night before. This was an attorney, and our law enforcement are still investigating. My appreciation to the work and the detailed work that they are doing, and as well my appreciation and applause for the resiliency of Houstonians who came to the aid of their neighbors. Then those who are recovering, I express my concern. But we will draw together and find a way to end this senseless violence and to begin to heal this Nation. RUSSIA IS IMPACTING AND ATTEMPTING TO  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise as well to make it very clear that we do not have to speculate as we begin to see unfolding the Russian hacking of a number of governmental entities and, yes, the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and many others. There is no doubt that Russia is impacting and attempting to undermine the very fabric of democracy in this country. Now, I believe that we should engage with all nations the values of this Nation of democracy. The rights of freedom, a Declaration of Independence that guarantees unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are wonderful values, and we should not be afraid to engage with despotic regimes who disagree with us—Russia being one. We should be alert and realize that, as we go into this election process, every wellinformed citizen should be able to see something and say something. All of our law enforcement and intelligence community should be sensitive to the possible destruction and undermining of our democratic process. Today it has been announced and determined that Russia did have something to do with the downing of that flight over Ukraine. How sad for those families and how hurting for the people of Ukraine to be able to know that they, as a sovereign nation, in a time that one would be advocating for peace and living harmoniously with their neighbors—that their very large neighbor, in addition to taking Crimea, would also be threatening their skies and their people. This is serious. The electoral political system that we have come to depend upon requires us to be diligent without ceasing that every vote of every American is counted. However they vote, there should be no aftermath of a foreign entity having hacked into any process that would deny America her precious right to vote and the decision on those who will serve them and certainly the Presidency of the United States. Let no candidate be so close to the Russian apparatus that we do not follow the trail and investigate wherever it is necessary to ensure the sanctity of that process. Let me also say that it is important, as this Congress begins to deal with the confusion of the continuing resolution, that it be noted that we have not addressed the question of gun violence, ending gun violence, closing the loophole that is so important in a background check that allows people to get guns because they get it without the background check being completed; or in the issue of terrorism, that those who are on the terrorist watch list have random access to buying guns. Simple legislation that could be passed. I think it is crucial in America that we do so because the violence has many roots—housing, health care, poverty—but certainly it has the tool, and that is guns. That is automatic weapons like AK–47s and others more sophisticated. America has a right to the Second Amendment, but the people of America have a right to safety and the prevention of gun violence in their community. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me also talk about Houston, Texas, and the tax day floods. It is important that the CR covers the floods of Houston and covers Baton Rouge, as well as the water crisis in Flint. Let us do what the American people ask us to come here for: to be an umbrella on a rainy day, helping people, coming to their aid, clean water in Flint, providing for the people in Greenspoint, the reimbursement of the city of Houston, and helping the people of Baton Rouge get on their feet. Let us help America as we should. 
OBAMACARE IS FALLING APART The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, this has been an interesting week for many of my constituents in Tennessee. Over 100,000 Tennesseeans were forced— 100,000 Tennesseeans were forced off their healthcare plan. They did nothing wrong. It is not their fault. What has happened is another of the Affordable Care Act’s—or ObamaCare, as we call it—providers has said: Guess what. This is too expensive to offer a product. And they have exited the marketplace. Now, what we are seeing is exactly what we in Tennessee told you would happen with ObamaCare. Why? Because in Tennessee, we were the test case back in the midnineties for Hillary Clinton’s grand healthcare experiment. HillaryCare became TennCare in Tennessee. We knew that a product that was too expensive to afford was not going to be utilized and that eventually providers would drop out of the marketplace, eventually the networks would narrow, and eventually individuals would have a very difficult time accessing health care. b1100 So, through no fault of their own, 100,000 Tennesseeans who are in the Nashville, Memphis, and Knoxville areas are going to find that they have fewer choices in health care. They didn’t get to keep the doctors whom they wanted or liked or had. They didn’t get to keep the healthcare plans that they wanted or liked or had. Certainly, they were not saving $2,500 per 
family on their health insurance. Quite the opposite has happened. What we have before us now are thousands of Tennesseeans who are going to have to scramble to find health insurance because a product isn’t offered. The costs continue to go up. The choices have begun to be eliminated and narrowed. The networks— the physicians you can go to for care— are fewer in number. The hospitals that you have the ability to go into to seek that care are fewer in number. Why is that? It is because the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, as we call it, is too expensive to afford, too expensive to have, too expensive to use, and—yes, indeed—too expensive for the insurance companies that are offering a product. It is time for us—yes, indeed—repeal this—to admit that it was a mistake, to admit, like Tennessee did years ago, that it is too expensive, that it does not work, and to replace it with components, items, and ideas—many ideas that we have had in this Chamber for years, Mr. Speaker—such as portability with the acrossStateline purchase of health insurance, liability reforms, and making certain that individuals can choose an insurance product and then be able to go see physicians where they live. Affordability and access—that is what we need in the marketplace. We continue to push those ideas forward. To our Tennessee neighbors who are finding themselves without a health insurance option, we understand the plight that exists; and we, again, say it is time to repeal and replace ObamaCare. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Gene Hemrick, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Lord of Mercy, since the beginning of time You have sustained us with Your heartfelt love and care, a love and care that bonds us in friendship with You, with each other and the world. Lord, may You bless Congress with a loving heart, which, more than anything else, has power to touch and move humankind and renew friendly unity that is the crux of America’s strength. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, as I speak, the city of Springdale, Arkansas, is remembering the life of 17year old Kyler Austyn Williams, a promising young student athlete from Springdale High School who died this past Saturday in a vehicle accident. He was an accomplished athlete, the star on his football team. The night before he died, Kyler caught 10 passes for 268 yards and three touchdowns against a conference opponent. But, Mr. Speaker, he was also a terrific young man, outstanding student, spiritual leader, role model. Our hearts are broken over his loss, and the entire Third District of Arkansas mourns with his parents, Tysha and Rodney Williams; his stepmother, Kimmy; his sisters, Makenzy, Kayden, and Lily; and his brothers, Bralen, Hudsyn, and Parker. Kyler’s death leaves us all with an empty feeling and struggling to cope with such a tragic outcome. And when Springdale High lines up against its crosstown rival, Springdale HarBer, on Friday night, number 3 in red won’t be on the field, but he will be on the hearts and minds of those who knew and loved him. May God bless those he leaves behind. 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SHIMON PERES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the people of Israel in mourning the loss of Shimon Peres, a statesman, a lover of his country, but a lover of people around the world, one who, in 1976, won a Nobel Peace Prize for laying out one of the unique and important although, unfortunately, shortlived framework for peace. He was one who believed in a twostate solution, respected by Israel and its people, but also the leaders and people around the world. I had the privilege of meeting him on a number of occasions, and I might say that his calm voice was a welcome intrusion in, sometimes, a world of discord. Although he stood by his nation in time of war, and may, in times of analysis, have many thoughts about his leadership as President and Prime Minister, several times, and many other positions, one can say that clearly he loved his country, but he loved the people of the world and he loved peace. I give my deepest sympathy, again, to the people of Israel, his family and friends. We in the world and, of course, this Nation have lost a dear and beloved friend who truly believed in peace. 
NEW BOMBSHELLS OF THE CLINTON INVESTIGATION (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on late Friday afternoon, to avoid the American media, the FBI released over 180 pages concerning the 46 interviews of investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. The Daily Caller has provided ‘‘12 Biggest Bombshells in FBI’s Clinton Investigation Notes.’’ A few of the most notable include: Obama’s top negotiator for the dangerous Iranian Nuclear Deal may have had her private email hacked. She also admitted to using her private email to conduct government business. Secretary Clinton’s lawyer asked about a computer technician to wipe out computer data in 2013. President Obama emailed Ms. Clinton at least 18 times while claiming he did not know she had an email server, which are now kept secret. The State Department computer technician was against housing Clinton’s server in her basement. These are just four of the revelations of the investigation. It is clear that Secretary Clinton’s actions displayed a lack of judgment, putting American families at risk of attack. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. ENDING HYDE AMENDMENT (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, for over 40 years the Hyde amendment has been the flagship in the assault on a woman’s constitutional right to an abortion. Because of Hyde, a lowincome woman is able to use her Medicaid for her healthcare needs, but not in one area—abortion. In effect, a woman on Medicaid who faces this tough decision may be forced to forgo groceries, her utility bills, or her rent just to pay for the procedure. Even worse, she could be driven to a dangerous, backalley abortion or seek an unlicensed practitioner. And if she cannot find the funds for the procedure and goes on to give birth, she is at greater risk of sliding deeper into poverty. That is why I am a cosponsor of the EACH Woman Act, which would ensure that every woman has access to abortion coverage, regardless of how much she earns. We must ensure that every American woman can access her constitutional right to an abortion. We must end the Hyde amendment. f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT MATTHEW THOMPSON (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson of Irvine, who was tragically killed on August 23 while on patrol in Afghanistan. He enlisted in the Army in March of 2011, and though this was his first deployment to Afghanistan, he had also been deployed to Iraq to combat the Islamic State. He was awarded over a dozen medals in his military career and was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart Medal. Staff Sergeant Thompson was just 28 years old, and he leaves behind his wife of 5 years, Rachel. Our prayers remain with her, his family, friends, and fellow soldiers. Staff Sergeant Thompson gave everything to protect our freedom. It is because of him, because of his service, because of his sacrifice, that we live in the most free nation on Earth. We will always remember this, and we will remain forever grateful for his selfless sacrifice. 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SHIMON PERES (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep sadness on the passing of former Israeli President and Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Shimon Peres was devoted to the cause of the Jewish state and worked tirelessly to achieve a lasting peace in the Middle East. He was the founding father of the State of Israel and remained, throughout his life, one of its greatest champions. He was the central architect of the Oslo Accords and was respected around the world for his strong leadership as Prime Minister and President of Israel. His example should be an inspiration to us all, as he fought so long for peace. My thoughts are with his family and friends as well as the people of Israel, who have lost a beloved leader. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AUSTIN CURRY (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of a local hero in my district, Mr. Austin Curry, who passed away on September 18 at the age of 86. Friends remember him as a ‘‘young soul who spent days in prayer or sharing his sunny demeanor and faith in prolific Facebook posts.’’ With a full life devoted to God and service to his country, Mr. Curry was an Air Force veteran who served in the Korean war. As a passionate advocate in the elderly community, Mr. Curry served in leadership roles for the Florida Silver Haired Legislature, the Hillsborough County Hospital Association, and the Health Council of West Central Florida. He also served as a delegate to the White House’s 2005 Conference on Aging. His accomplishments and the lives he touched will remain in our memories. 
IT IS TIME FOR ACTION TO END BREAST CANCER (Mr. LOEBSACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, and it is estimated that, this year, almost a quarter of a million women will be diagnosed with the disease, including, already, a close friend of mine. Thousands of those women live in my home State of Iowa. It is time for action, and passage of the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act is a great next step. This bipartisan bill, which has over 270 cosponsors, would establish a commission aimed at ending breast cancer by January 1, 2020. That commission would look for gaps in the public and private sector where investment is needed and then recommend initiatives and strategies to work toward finding a cure for 
breast cancer, discovering the cause, and identifying preventative measures. It is an important bill in the fight against breast cancer, and I am proud to support it. I also want to take a moment to recognize the volunteers of Breast Cancer Deadline 2020 for continuing to advocate for these critical issues. 
b1215 BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the month of October is quickly approaching. As you know, October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, a time to shed light on a battle many women and men in this Nation have to endure. According to the American Cancer Society, almost 250,000 new cases of invasive breast cancer will have been diagnosed in the United States among women this year. Mr. Speaker, this statistic is heartbreaking. There are very few people who have not been affected by this horrific disease. We have already lost too many family members, neighbors, folks in our communities, and friends to the painful fight, the reality that is this disease. In Congress, we must stand by our brave women and men tirelessly fighting. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have joined over 270 of my colleagues as a cosponsor of H.R. 1197, the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act. This critical, bipartisan bill would establish a commission to help end breast cancer by 2020. Through facilitating publicprivate partnerships, encouraging advancements in promising research, and coordinating research activities, this commission would help to get us closer to a cure and give patients and families hope. I am here today to honor those who have fought this fight and won, and I am humbled and saddened to remember those who have lost it. Those affected and recovering from breast cancer deserve to know their elected Representatives stand with them. Actions speak louder than words. It is time to make real progress on the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act and finally get the supporting bill signed into law. 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SHIMON PERES (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the world in mourning the loss of Shimon Peres, former prime minister and president of Israel and one of the country’s last surviving founding fathers. Peres dedicated his life to the difficult challenge of establishing a lasting peace for Israel and its neighbors. He negotiated the landmark Oslo Accords and, in 1994, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work and commitment to ending ongoing violence. Near the end of his presidency, I had the honor of sitting down with President Peres at the Peres Center for Peace on a trip to Israel. I was struck by his vision for the future and his commitment to peace no matter what the obstacles. For seven decades, Shimon Peres has been a trusted partner to the United States and helped to forge the unbreakable alliance between our two countries. Two years ago, we held a ceremony here in the Capitol to award him with the Congressional Gold Medal—the highest civilian award Congress can bestow and the first to go to a sitting president of Israel. As the world mourns the death of this visionary leader, let us ensure that his legacy lives on and recommit ourselves to a lasting peace for Israel and our entire world. f 
OBAMACARE’S COOPS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week the House took action to provide relief to hundreds of thousands of Americans who lost their insurance due to yet another flawed piece of the President’s healthcare law. Despite spending over $2 billion in startup taxpayer money, 17 of ObamaCare’s 23 COOPs have collapsed, leaving half a million individuals without coverage. This is a double blow for many Americans who were already forced to purchase insurance through these COOPs after losing their own plans and now are left with two options: either quickly find adequate coverage and face paying their deductible twice, or pay a steep penalty at the end of the year— all due to the law’s own failure. Meanwhile, these COOPs, sold as a public option feature in ObamaCare, showed warning signs of insolvency since their inception, plagued with flawed business models and inept management. The bill we passed, H.R. 954, simply shields individuals who lost their insurance as a result of one of these failed COOPs from being penalized under the individual mandate through the end of the year. On top of higher premiums, rising costs, and difficulty accessing care, Americans should not be penalized for the outright failure of a program that is preventing compliance. NATIONAL CIVIL RIGHTS MUSEUM CELEBRATES 25TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 25th anniversary of the opening of the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis, Tennessee. The National Civil Rights Museum is located at the former Lorraine Motel, the site of the tragic assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. From that horrific incident rose from the ashes a phoenix in a wonderful story of the efforts and the achievements of many—both Black and White—to achieve a more perfect union in the civil rights for people in this country. Mr. Speaker, I urge everybody who has a chance to go to Memphis and tour the civil rights museum and pay tribute to the civil rights soldiers who made America more what it was intended to be and make it a more perfect union. f 
CONGRATULATING OMAK AND EPHRATA FFA CHAPTERS (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my congratulations to two central Washington FFA chapters that recently received national awards for their creativity, leadership, and commitment to community. FFA expects their members to be leaders on campus and foster school community. In this respect, the Omak High School FFA has been honored as a finalist for the National Model of Innovation Award for development of their officer mascot social media challenge. Through this campaign, the Omak FFA helped to raise chapter morale and school awareness of FFA. Not to be outdone, the Ephrata High School FFA is a finalist for the National Model of Innovation Award for community development. By partnering with the local rotary, Ephrata FFA raised crop signs next to fields throughout the region so passing drivers could take interest and learn what was growing in the fields. As an FFA alumnus myself, I am proud to see the good work that these young men and women are doing and wish them the best of luck at the FFA national convention in October. 
BELLAMY COMMONS REVITALIZES COMMUNITY (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, this Friday, the Bellamy Commons will emerge as a new community fixture on Jefferson Avenue in Buffalo, New York. 
Upon opening, the Bellamy Commons will become home for many, with all 30 affordable apartments already filled. This space will also serve as the new home for the Buffalo Black Achievers Museum to share success stories of Buffalo African Americans. This project was a collaboration of Federal, State, local, and private investment along with the aid of over $4 million in Federal lowincome housing tax credits. These credits encourage development and construction in communities that are often neglected and increase affordable housing options. Developments like the Bellamy Commons have the power to create, encourage, and empower more residential and commercially integrated neighborhoods. A full community effort is something we are no stranger to in western New York. Over the years, it has been a key in revitalizing our region. It is time that we begin to see the same development and muchneeded investment in Buffalo’s east side neighborhood. 
NATIONAL HUNGER ACTION MONTH (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Hunger Action Month. Throughout September, families and advocates, volunteers and experts, and community leaders and elected officials have worked together to highlight the problem of hunger in this country. This summer, I had the privilege of seeing some of the great work being done on the front lines in Indiana’s Second District, and I brought their insights back to Congress. This month, the Agriculture Committee’s Nutrition Subcommittee, which I chair, held its 17th hearing of the 114th Congress examining the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. We looked at innovative approaches States are taking to help those who fall into the safety net find good jobs and lift themselves out of poverty. These hearings have laid the groundwork for real reform. Mr. Speaker, no one in this Nation should go hungry, and that is why House Republicans have a plan—a better way—to fight poverty. Our plan puts new ideas to the test so we can stop the cycle of poverty and end hunger in America. 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, here we are a few short weeks before national elections, so it is a good time to take account of the outlandish flood of money pouring into the Presidential campaign. The American people don’t want this outofcontrol spending anymore. Why should it cost 16 times more to conduct an election in 2016 than it did in 1980 in inflationadjusted dollars? The last time I looked, we still have just one President, 100 Senators, and 435 Congressional Districts. So why the outlandish increase in campaign spending? The public gets sick and tired of the TV campaign ads. It costs a fortune. All the while, the public is becoming more disillusioned and distrustful of our very instruments of government. We need campaign finance reform. It is far too much that candidates have to raise today. Actually, in 1980, it cost $107 million for President Carter and President Reagan to conduct that Presidential campaign. Already this year, $1.6 billion has been spent—16 times as much as 1980. It is no surprise that, of the largest givers of the financial industry, not one of them has gone to jail after the financial crash of 2008. My constitutional amendment, H.J. Res. 38, grants Congress and our States the power to set limits on the amounts of contributions and expenditures with respect to candidates in Federal, State, and local elections. So when the Presidential candidates pass through your town, ask them exactly what they intend to do about out ofcontrol campaign spending and when they intend to do it. How about making campaign finance reform the first bill they send up to Congress in 2017 as H.R. 1. f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, with Breast Cancer Awareness Month right around the corner, the time is now to show American families that we are working to end breast cancer. In fact, we have a bill, H.R. 1197, the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act, which has 273 bipartisan cosponsors. It should be brought to the floor immediately for debate and a vote. Why? Because even with so much advancement in medical research, a woman’s chance of developing breast cancer has increased from one in eleven in 1975 to one in eight today. This year, over 40,000 women and over 400 men will die of breast cancer in this country alone. H.R. 1197 will focus on identifying strategies for the primary prevention of breast cancer and identifying methods to prevent breast cancer metastasis, thereby saving lives. With such broad bipartisan support, there is no reason why the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act should not be brought up for a vote as quickly as possible. I want to thank the large majority of my colleagues for cosponsoring the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act, and I encourage the Republican leadership to bring H.R. 1197 to the floor right away. f 
CONGRATULATING U.S. OLYMPIC TEAM (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the United States Olympic Team, some of whom are visiting Capitol Hill today. This year’s team won 121 medals overall to lead the world for the sixth straight games and win the most medals in U.S. history. They won 46 gold, 37 silver, and 38 bronze. Notably, 61 of the medals were brought home by American women. Overall, 210 American athletes contributed to the medal count, including 32 multiple medalists and 13 who won multiple Gold Medals. Of the 27 sports in which U.S. athletes competed, the U.S. brought home hardware in 20, including Overland Park’s own Jack Sock taking home the gold in mixed doubles in tennis with his partner, Bethanie MattekSands. Mr. Speaker, this is the most decorated team in U.S. history. I want to congratulate all of the athletes for their amazing performances on behalf of our Nation and thank them for making all of us proud here at home in the United States of America. 
b1230 VETERANS OWED A DEBT OF GRATITUDE (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, our Nation owes our veterans a debt of gratitude for putting their lives on the line, but too often, all we do is pay lip service to our military heroes. This past weekend, I hosted a veterans housing symposium, where I connected veterans with housing professionals and experts to answer questions about their housing benefits, mortgage options, and tax exemptions, and displacement assistance. Our veterans have earned our Nation’s gratitude, and I urge this Congress to do more to serve our military families. In mentioning gratitude and service, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge an outstanding and brilliant servant, Mimi Mesirow, who is moving on after 20 years of service to the Second Congressional District of Illinois. Mimi was an original hire of the Honorable Jesse Jackson, Jr., and was kind enough to stay on and help me launch my grant operation when I came to Congress. Mimi secured millions of dollars in funding for the Second District 
and left her mark in making it a better place to live. On behalf of Second District families and a grateful Congress, thank you, Mimi, for a job well done. 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5303, WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6094, REGULATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 29, 2016, THROUGH NOVEMBER 11, 2016 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 897 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I told you yesterday that I would be back down here today with part 2 of the Water Resources Development Act bill. This structured rule in House Resolution 897 provides for further consideration of H.R. 5303. This rule today will make an additional 19 amendments in order. As you will recall, Mr. Speaker, yesterday we gathered here and passed a rule that made 25 amendments in order to this legislation. To put that in perspective, this was a bill that passed unanimously out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, on which I serve; and the Rules Committee gathered, and in its wisdom has now made 44 additional adjustments and improvements in order that have been recommended by Members of this Chamber. This rule also provides, Mr. Speaker, for closed consideration of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. That is a bill that requires a 6month delay in the effective date of the Department of Labor’s new overtime rules. It moves the current effective date of December 1, 2016, out to June 1, 2017. Mr. Speaker, I know you have heard about this issue from your constituents, as every Member in this Chamber has. The Department of Labor, in its wisdom, sought to raise the maximum wage at which overtime rules would apply, and effectively doubled that wage rate. That is all going to go into effect on December 1. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe there is a single Member of this Chamber that doesn’t believe those numbers should be adjusted, but to double them overnight with virtually no warning to the small business community, the education community, or the nonprofit community is not the right way to govern. This is going to impact not just the hardworking Americans who run these institutions, it is going to impact the hardworking Americans who are dependent on these jobs and are currently doing the heavy lifting that feeds the Nation’s economic engine. Delaying this rule for 6 months to give us an opportunity to either come together as a body and make changes or to allow small businesses and nonprofits and educational institutions to begin to adjust is just the right thing to do. You will hear more about that, Mr. Speaker, from one of my colleagues on the Rules Committee, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), who doesn’t just serve on the Rules Committee, she also serves on the Education and the Workforce Committee that has jurisdiction. Mr. Speaker, again, if we pass this rule, we will have an opportunity to not just complete work on the WRDA bill with the 19 additional amendments, but also to move forward to protect small businesses, educational institutions, and nonprofits. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, last night in the Rules Committee, after a year of Democratic calls to address the terrible water crisis in Flint, Michigan, House Republicans finally moved forward an amendment offered by my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), to provide assistance to the families of Flint. It was a year ago this month that we learned of the manmade drinking water crisis in Flint, which exposed thousands of our fellow Americans to contaminated water. These are real people, Mr. Speaker. Families with children—9,000 children under the age of 6—that have been drinking and bathing in poisonous water for over 2
1⁄2 years. And even today, these families still do not have access to clean water from their taps. 
The fact that it has taken a year for Congress to stand up and do the right thing, to finally allow us to have a vote for the families of Flint, is astonishing. America is supposed to be a place where we look out for one another and lift our neighbors up when they are in need. Those are the values that define our country. As the people’s representatives here in Congress, we need to honor those values. Whenever an American community is hit by a disaster, we come together. This should include not just hurricanes and earthquakes, but also manmade disasters, like the one that Flint continues to face today. I thank the leadership, especially our leadership, our Leader PELOSI , and the persistence of my friend, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). I am pleased that we are finally set to consider a measure to authorize the $170 million for the repair and replacement of infrastructure in Flint. I hope that all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will enthusiastically support Mr. KILDEE . But this is just a first step, Mr. Speaker. While the amendment we are set to consider today, if adopted, authorizes these funds, it is important that we come together to ensure that the muchneeded funding actually reaches Flint as soon as possible. The Senate’s Water Resources Development Act, which passed that Chamber earlier this month by an overwhelming vote of 95–3, includes $220 million in relief for Flint. As we advance our water bill this week and set up a conference on the two measures, it is imperative that we keep funding for Flint a top priority. So while I am pleased that we were able to reach a bipartisan agreement on a vote for Flint, I am disappointed, however, that the House Republican leadership is still advancing a terrible, misguided bill this week to, once again, undermine regulations put forward by the administration to help working families. With all of the work left to be done on the most pressing issues facing our communities, I cannot, for the life of me, understand why my friends on the other side of the aisle are so intent on denying long overdue compensation to millions of their constituents in payment for their hard work and long hours. This rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 6094, legislation designed to delay the Department of Labor’s new overtime rule, which increases the overtime salary threshold from $23,660 a year to $47,476 a year. With the Department of Labor’s update to the Fair Labor Standards Act, an additional 4.2 million salaried workers are eligible for overtime pay, and 262,000 working people in my home State of Massachusetts will benefit. American workers have waited long enough to get their fair day’s pay for a long day’s work that they deserve. This Republican bill will take $600 million out of the pockets of 4.2 million American workers who would have gained overtime protections on December 1. This is $600 million that they will never see if we delay these important updates for another 6 months. That means, for example, the workers will have less money to spend on holiday presents for their families and less time to help their kids with their schoolwork and extracurricular activities. The simple truth is that this Republican bill is a cynical ploy to, once again, try to stop the rule from ever, ever going into effect. My Republican friends like to lecture families in poverty about what they are doing wrong. We hear it all the time on this floor. They tell them that they need to work harder to get ahead. These families are already working hard, very often working overtime, but they are not receiving the pay that they deserve for putting in the extra time. b1245 Republicans like to say that they think hard work should be rewarded. This is it. This overtime protection is a way for us to reward the hard work of millions of Americans who are doing all of the right things. This is a way for us to ensure that every American who puts in a hard day’s work is able to earn the fair pay that he deserves. Only in this place would that be considered a radical idea. How can Members of Congress lecture millions of hardworking American families who are struggling to escape poverty when they won’t even support a measure that rewards them for the hard work that they are putting in every day to help their own families get ahead? Speaker RYANhas a lot to say about fixing poverty—rolling out a whole agenda to convince us that, somehow, he is serious about making progress in helping families. So why on Earth would Speaker RYANand the House Republicans stand in the way of hardworking families receiving the fair pay that they deserve? That doesn’t sound like a party that truly cares about helping every family succeed. America’s working families are the ones who lay the foundation that makes our economy strong. It is simply shameful that denying hardworking families the overtime protections they deserve is something that Republicans think should be a top priority of this Congress—so pressing, in fact, that the House Republicans considered this bill in the Rules Committee as an ‘‘emergency measure.’’ I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the right thing and defeat this bill. It is an antiworker, antifamily bill, and it would only make it harder for America’s hardworking families to get ahead. Our economy only works when hard work is rewarded, and it is time for Congress to stand up for those values and to support working families. It is time for us to do our jobs, Mr. Speaker. We need to be providing funds to fight the terrible Zika virus and the opioid crisis. We should be addressing the gun violence that is plaguing our communities. We ought to be finalizing a continuing resolution to ensure that our government remains open come Saturday, and I hope that the Senate will vote on that soon so that we can consider it. We need to get muchneeded assistance to the families of Flint. Again, I think it is a stain on this Congress’ reputation that this leadership has dragged its feet for so long on this issue of providing funds to the residents of Flint. This is the United States of America. People ought to know, when they get water out of their faucets, that they are not poisoning themselves or their kids. These are emergencies, Mr. Speaker, and not what this bill is all about that my friends are bringing to the floor. What they are trying to do is to actually score some points with some in the business community who don’t want to reward the work of the people who work in their companies, and I think that that is unfortunate. We ought to stand up for working families. They are the ones who need help. What this bill would do is make that less likely. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the vice chair of the Rules Committee and a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. FOXX. I thank my colleague from Georgia for his leadership on this rule. Mr. Speaker, all too often, the executive branch enacts policies that sound wonderful but impose unintended consequences and burdens that make the lives of hardworking Americans more difficult. The issue underlying H.R. 6094 is another tragic example of that pattern. The Department of Labor acted in May to revise overtime regulations covering millions of American workers. This regulation will require companies to reclassify a significant portion of their workforce, eliminating flexibility in work times, bonus compensation, and opportunities to advance. It will also impose significant compliance costs that will only serve to further bury job creators under red tape. While members of both political parties want to see all Americans earn more, we cannot ignore the financial consequences of this rule. By dramatically increasing the number of employees who do not qualify for an exemption under the regulation, the Department is significantly increasing the cost of delivering services and is making it more difficult to maintain existing staffing levels. In plain English, this regulation could cost hardworking Americans hours at work or even their jobs. Entire sectors could be less profitable with a predictable result for the employees who are doing that work. These 
impacts do not fall solely on frequently and unfairly demonized big business. They affect nonprofits and schools as well as local and State governments. This will raise the cost of operation for nearly every organization and company in the country. I have heard from smallbusiness owners, nonprofits, and universities across North Carolina that are deeply concerned about this rule. For example, an independent supermarket owner said that this rule would ‘‘effectively put him out of business. Most of our managers make less than $40,000 a year. When you make only one penny on the dollar net profits, this would force us to raise prices and make us uncompetitive against Walmart and other national chains.’’ For many employees, the biggest impact this legislation will have on them is the loss of prized flexibility and advancement opportunities. No longer will they be able to work flexible hours to cover children’s doctors’ appointments or other family needs. They will be forced to clock in and out, lose aspects of their positions that provide positive morale, and be reclassified into positions that do not provide the same satisfaction. It is fair to say that our Nation’s overtime rules need to be modernized, but the Department of Labor’s extreme and partisan approach will lead to damaging consequences that the American people simply cannot afford. That is why I cosponsored H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act, which would provide a 6month delay in the implementation of this rule in order to allow the small businesses, nonprofit organizations, State and local governments, and corporations confronting it with desperately needed time to prepare and make changes to accommodate the needs of their employees. The rule before us today will provide for the consideration of this important legislation, and I commend both of them to my colleagues for their support. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to point out for my colleagues that, while many of my colleagues who support this legislation argue that the new overtime rule would overburden nonprofits or educational institutions, I think we need to point out a few facts here—most importantly, that that is just not the case. The overtime rule provides exemptions for nonprofit charitable organizations without sizable commercial activities. The overtime rule also provides educational institutions exemptions for teachers, coaches, graduate and undergraduate students, and administrative personnel. I just want to repeat one thing that I said in my opening. I am really amazed when my Republican colleagues routinely come to the floor and lecture poor people and people who are struggling in poverty. They regularly come to the floor and demonize people in this country who are on benefits, like SNAP—putting food on the table. You always hear, ‘‘You ought to work.’’ ‘‘You ought to work harder.’’ Of the people on SNAP, for example, who are able to work, the majority of them work, but work doesn’t pay enough to get them out of poverty. All that is being suggested by this rule from the Department of Labor is that people ought to get paid what they deserve. They ought to be able to earn enough to be able to have a decent life and to get out of poverty. I know what my friends are trying to do. They are saying it is only a 6 month delay. They are hoping that their candidate for President—God forbid—would win the Presidency and would, basically, null and void any modernization of the overtime rules. We ought to be concerned more about people in this country who are working hard and who are not able to make ends meet. I think my colleagues ought to know there are exemptions in this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Americans have waited long enough to update our Nation’s overtime pay rules. After years of debate and regulatory review, proposed rules and final rules, it is time to ensure that Americans are paid for the hours they work. When I go home to my district, I hear how hard it is for working women and men to meet their families’ basic needs. Americans need a raise. The Republican majority has blocked any vote to raise the minimum wage, and they have blocked bills to provide women with equal pay for equal work. Did you know that working single mothers are paid about 57 cents on the dollar that men are paid right now? Today’s bill will take $600 million in earned overtime pay from 4.2 million working men and women. Half a century ago, 60 percent of salaried employees qualified for overtime pay; today, only 7 percent do. This is because we did not update overtime rules until this administration stepped forward. We have heard the arguments for inaction and delay—that it is too hard for businesses, the false argument about nonprofits; ‘‘this is happening too fast’’ is another argument. They don’t hold up. It has been 12 years since the overtime rule was changed, nearly 3 years since President Obama asked for action, and more than a year since the proposed rule was issued. The Department of Labor reviewed more than 270,000 comments, and it changed its proposal as a result of those comments. It has provided flexibility for businesses, and it has lowered the salary threshold. The Department of Labor has been responsive to concerns, and now it is time for the House of Representatives to be responsive to the concerns and the needs of working families. In my home State of Illinois, nearly 194,000 working men and women and their families would be helped by overtime protections. They shouldn’t have to wait any longer. Extra work should mean extra pay. It is a simple matter of fairness. Workers who are hired full time should not be paid the same salary whether they work 40 hours a week or 60 hours a week. They should either be paid for the hours they work or be able to spend those extra hours with their families. Many Americans are balancing their jobs with caring for children and aging parents. Delaying the Department of Labor’s update to overtime protections is unfair to those workers and their families. It is really time now to get on with it, to move forward. I urge my colleagues to reject today’s rule and vote against this bill. Let these longoverdue overtime rules—overtime pay—for Americans take effect. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Washington (Mr. N EWHOUSE ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to add my voice today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation, H.R. 6094, which is the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. In recent months, I have heard—and, I am sure, the Speaker has as well— from a growing number of constituents who are gravely concerned about the impact that the Department of Labor’s new onesizefitsall overtime rule would have on their jobs, would have on their businesses, as well as would have on nonprofit organizations. When the rule goes into effect on December 1, it will impose enormous new costs on businesses, lifting the cap of workers who are eligible for overtime pay from $23,600 to $47,476. I admit, on its face, this sounds like a real benefit for workers; however, the impacts, likely, will be devastating. Small businesses and nonprofits that are confronted with this new burden will be faced with some very difficult choices: having to pay thousands of dollars in additional labor costs, they end up having to limit their employees’ hours; moving salaried workers to hourly positions; or, even worse, laying off workers. b1300 Worse than that, the Department of Labor has made no attempt to make this rule workable for small business. There is no phasein. On December 1, it will hit every business, every school, and every nonprofit in America full force, just like a freight train. The rule was not curtailed to geography either. It will take effect in the Seattle metropolitan area, where the 
annual mean wage is around $61,000, the same way it will impact the Yakima area, where that annual mean wage is just over $41,000. The way the Department of Labor went about issuing this very flawed onesizefitsall rule just isn’t right. H.R. 6094—which I was proud to cosponsor, and I thank Congressman WALBERG  for introducing—would simply delay the rule for 6 months so that we can work with the Department of Labor as well as stakeholders to address this issue in a responsible, workable way. Sadly, to not adopt this delay will result in job losses for the very people the rule was intended to help: your constituents and mine. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just make a comment for the benefit of my colleagues before I yield to the next speaker, and that is about this rule. This is a closed rule. Again, this is another pattern that my Republican friends seem to have developed since they have taken over the House; and that is, basically shutting down debate and shutting down the opportunity for Members to have an opportunity to express themselves. This bill was noticed in the Rules Committee, I think on Monday, and we did the rule yesterday. Members didn’t even know this was coming up. So to bring a bill like this to the floor under a closed process I think is unfortunate. It denies Members on both sides of the aisle an opportunity to offer different points of view and to have a vigorous debate. Many of us believe that this Congress ought to do more to help strengthen opportunities and benefits for those in the middle class. We believe that more people ought to have the opportunity to get into the middle class. That is why we are fighting for a livable wage, yet we can’t even bring that to the floor. The only things that seem to get to the floor are tax breaks for big businesses or repeals of the Affordable Care Act or bills like this that would basically take the pay that has been earned by workers away from them. Again, I think this kind of illustrates where the priorities of this Republican Congress really are. I mean, they are not with working people. They are with those who are privileged and those at the very top. And my hope is that maybe after this election, we can get some changes made where we can get back to doing the people’s business, not just the rich people’s business. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM). Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with deep disappointment that the Rules Committee didn’t make in order any of my amendments to improve the management and health of the Apalachicola, Chattahoochee, and Flint Rivers. Floridians are incredibly frustrated that the Apalachicola River is dying because of mismanagement and overuse upstream. Just this year, it was named one of the country’s most endangered rivers. Two years ago, in a rare show of collaboration and bipartisanship on this very issue, Members from Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, agreed to language that actually acknowledged the mismanagement and encouraged the States to stop the arguing and work together to find a solution. What a novel concept, but even that tiny compromise is being stricken in this bill. We have an egregious problem that my amendment would have fixed, and this Congress won’t even allow it to be discussed. I am well aware that other States involved in this issue have a lot at stake. It is infuriating that other States won’t recognize what is at risk in Florida. There are people all over the country, even some of you in this Congress, who spend time in the region and enjoy the Apalachicola’s beauty and resources. It is shameful and shortsighted that we are letting it die because of politics and dysfunction in this House. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would tell my friend from Massachusetts that I do not have any further speakers remaining, and I am prepared to close when he is. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question; and if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would allow those with outstanding student debt to refinance their existing high interest rate loans to lower interest rates. Mr. Speaker, this legislation gives us an opportunity to provide immediate relief to those struggling with student loan debt. You know, when interest rates go down, people can refinance their home mortgages. Why can’t we extend that same ability to people with high student loan rates? Everybody says that we want to make sure that everybody who wants a college education ought to be able to get one, yet we make it very difficult for people to be able to afford one. The debt that is accumulated—and especially the interest on that debt that is accumulated—is very, very difficult for people to absorb when they get out of school. So that is why Democrats have been asking time and time again for us to address issues like that, college affordability. How do we ease the burden on our young people who are trying to get a college education? So rather than bringing up legislation that basically will not increase the overtime salary threshold, thereby denying people who are working the ability to have a little bit of extra cash in their pockets when they work overtime—that is what this is all about, and we are actually punishing working people—maybe we ought to do something to actually help working families. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, we will be able to have a debate and a vote on this. I hope that not just Democrats, but Republicans as well will see that it is important for us to address this issue of college affordability. I, again, urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARCHANT ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I was just with a group for lunch, and I was talking about all of the amazing things that we are able to do in here together. It really is amazing. I think back on what has become known as the Bush tax cuts. You may remember, Mr. Speaker, we had President Bush; he had a Republican Senate; he had a Republican House; and he was trying to provide tax relief for the American people. But because of the way the rules work around here and it takes a lot of votes to get work done, he was not able to make that tax policy permanent. He didn’t have enough votes. Republicans were running the entire show, but he couldn’t get enough agreement on tax relief for Americans to make that tax policy permanent. You, me, Mr. MCGOVERN , and President Obama, we got together and we made that tax policy permanent for 99 percent of Americans. We did together what Republicans couldn’t do alone. My friends from the other side of the aisle often talk about infrastructure and how important it is to America, and they are right every single time they do it, Mr. Speaker. But when they passed a trilliondollar stimulus bill that I opposed with every fiber of my being, we didn’t see infrastructure grow in this country; we saw dollars get squandered. They controlled the White House, the U.S. House, the U.S. Senate. They controlled every single branch of government, and they were not able to succeed at creating the kind of infrastructure improvements that every American knows that we need. But you know who did, Mr. Speaker? You, me, Mr. MCGOVERN with President Obama in this divided Congress and divided government, we got together and passed the longest surface transportation funding bill this country has seen since the 1990s. We did that together. I could go down the list: 
education, water resources, taxes, regulation. The list goes on and on and on of things, when we sat down and when we talked to one another, we were able to get passed. You may remember, Mr. Speaker, we were down here yesterday on the House floor. We were talking about the situation in Flint. We were talking about amendments that were not made in order. And word came down that the only reason they weren’t made in order is because we are just a bunch of racists here in the House of Representatives. The only reason that they weren’t made in order was because Republicans have no conscience, is what we heard from the other side of the aisle. I will ask anyone in this Chamber: Who thinks that gets us closer to a solution? Who thinks it does? It pushes us further apart not just as an institution here, but as a Nation of citizens who care about one another. So what happened after that, Mr. Speaker? We went back to the drawing board together. We worked together, and we are back here today together with an amendment to address the situation in Flint. How? Not with a nongermane amendment, as it was yesterday. Not with an amendment that tries to deal with another committee’s jurisdiction, as it did yesterday. But with an amendment that is squarely within the jurisdiction of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on which I serve and from which this bill comes today. I know it is an election year, and I know that as much as constituents say they don’t like negative ads, they show up and vote based on them every single time. So I know that it would be easy for my colleagues to conclude that the best thing to do running up to an election is to come down here to the House floor and denigrate absolutely everyone who doesn’t agree with them. It is not that we have policy disagreements, Mr. Speaker; it is that you must be a scoundrel, they would say. It is not that we have policy disagreements; it is that you must not have a conscience, they will say. It is not that we have policy disagreements; it is that you don’t care. It makes me sad because, as I said yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I know the Members of this body on a personal level, and I know every single one of them cares. We are down here today doing something that matters, and I don’t know why folks aren’t taking a victory lap for our successes together. I don’t know why they want to continue to tear at the fabric that makes this Nation great. Caring about each other is what we do. It is a legitimate disagreement about how to care. My friend from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) just talked about student loans. I have this conversation with every single high school class I visit with, Mr. Speaker: How do we love you best from Washington, D.C.? Do we give you all the money you can possibly borrow so you can go anywhere in the country you want to go to get that bachelor’s degree with which you may not be able to find a job and you now have a mortgagesized debt? Or do we not lend you that money? Do we create workstudy programs? Do we create co op programs? Do we put you to work in contact with employers so that when you leave school, you have no debt and real skills and real experience? It is a fair disagreement. Some folks may think you love people more by giving them all the free money they can handle and the mortgage debt that goes with it. Other folks think you love folks by giving them realworld experience, realworld skills, and a real employer to talk to. I don’t think that you hate children if you make that wrong decision. I think that we are having a discussion about how to love on those children. Mr. Speaker, what we are down here doing today is not about stepping on lowincome Americans. We could have a better debate about this issue if that wasn’t what folks would come down and perpetuate. It is undeniable—and every single Member of this institution has seen it back home. It is undeniable that real working families are showing up on our doorstep, saying: Congressman, there is a problem; I need you to fix it. The administration just moved forward and doubled—doubled—the wage for which you now qualify for overtime. Now, in my part of the world—we are not New York City; we are not Los Angeles, California; we are not San Francisco. $45,000 a year in my part of the world is what a manager makes. It is what a manager is going to make— a manager. What the Department of Labor has said is: You know what? Overtime— which is what is paid to workers, not management. Salary is paid to management; hourly pay to workers. What the Department of Labor has said is: You know what? We are going to have a onesizefitsall solution because, clearly, people living in small town Georgia should be regulated by the same rules as people living in downtown New York City. Surely, if we are going to fight poverty, what works in downtown New York City is the exact same thing we are going to need in small town Georgia. b1315 Mr. Speaker, you know that is nonsense. It is not true in your area; it is not true in my friend from Massachusetts’ area; and it is certainly not true in my hometown. My friends will come to the floor and tell you it is because Republicans just don’t like working people. This bill exempts three categories of people and three categories only: educational institutions, small businesses, and nonprofits. The Boys & Girls Clubs of America are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. They wrote to the Department of Labor when the Department of Labor released this regulation. They said they opposed it. They said the regulation in its current form was going to undermine their ability to serve young people. They are not alone. Mr. Speaker, those concerns are real, and if my friends on the other side of the aisle would sit down and talk to us about them, I know that they care about these issues like I care about these issues. We can all work to change what that limit is, but we don’t have to throw families out of jobs. As a result, we don’t have to punish smallbusiness owners trying to make it work. As a result, we don’t have to punish nonprofits who have one goal and one goal only, and that is to make a difference in people’s lives. As a result, I don’t believe, when I disagree with my colleagues on the House floor, it is because they are bad people. I think they are good people with bad ideas. If we can sit and talk together, a group of good people around the table with differing ideas, I know that we can come to a conclusion, which is what we have done with the second bill in this rule, Mr. Speaker, the WRDA bill. My friend from Massachusetts mentioned a terrible habit of closed rules. There were 44 amendments made available to this bill, Mr. Speaker—44. That is a bill that passed unanimously with unlimited debate and unlimited amendments coming out of committee. We made 44 more amendments in order on this House floor. I am constantly amazed at the improvements that come from right here, colleagues who may not be on the committee who don’t have an opportunity to make a difference. They bring an amendment to the Committee on Rules, we come together and we make it in order. We bring it to the House floor. It makes a difference. Mr. Speaker, the WRDA bill is going to affect something in every single district we have in this Chamber—every single district—whether it is direct, as it will be in the Port of Savannah or the Port of Charleston; whether it is indirect, as it will be for all the inland ports in the country; whether it is indirect because of all the job growth that happens around the country as a result. Ninetynine percent of all of the imports and exports coming through this country, moving through our ports system, we did that together. I sat through those long committee hearings, Mr. Speaker. I don’t remember anyone being called a scoundrel. I don’t remember anyone being accused of not having a conscience. I don’t remember anyone being called a racist. And I distinctly remember the bill coming out of committee on a voice vote, unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, the American people will believe us if we tell them how incapable we are; the American people will believe us if we tell them how broken selfgovernment is; and the American people will believe us if we tell 
them that nobody else has anything to bring to the table except their Member of Congress. But those things will not be true. We are not just moving a bill to protect nonprofits and educational institutions and small business, Mr. Speaker. We are not just moving a bill that is going to do more to protect inland waterways and the economy than what we have seen in previous years, Mr. Speaker; we put together a package that I believe is going to start the logs rolling for all of the other priorities that we have in this Chamber. But we can’t get to them unless we pass this rule. This rule came out of the Committee on Rules last night about 11:30, Mr. Speaker. The Committee on Rules was working late on your behalf last night. They say nothing good happens after midnight. That is why we finished up at 11:30. We have got a good rule for you. It is worthy of the support of this Chamber. I ask all of my friends to support the rule, to support the underlying legislation, and to allow us to continue to be about the business of the American people. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3283) to designate the community based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3283 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF PFC JAMES DUNN VA CLINIC IN PUEBLO, COLORADO. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3283 to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Pueblo, Colorado, the PFC James Dunn VA Clinic. I am grateful to this bill’s sponsor, Senator CORYGARDNER , for his efforts introducing this legislation. I am also grateful to my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON), for his work championing this 
bill in the House and ensuring that Private First Class Dunn is honored for his service. PFC Dunn was a Colorado native and a longtime resident of the city of Pueblo. He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1942, when he was just 22 years old. While serving in the Solomon Islands in the Pacific theater later that year, PFC Dunn and 12 of his fellow marines were separated from the rest of their patrol and pinned down by hostile fire. After the commanding officer and the second in command were severely wounded, PFC Dunn—on his own initiative and with complete disregard for his own safety—assumed command. In the face of fierce mortar and machinegun fire, he successfully led his men to cover and eventually to safety. In recognition of his bravery and leadership throughout that incident, he was awarded the Navy Cross. S. 3283 satisfies the committee’s naming criteria and is supported by the entire Colorado congressional delegation as well as by veterans service organizations, including the Disabled American Veterans and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 3283, a bill to designate the communitybased outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the PFC James Dunn VA Clinic. Marine Reservist PFC James Dunn, Jr., was awarded the Navy Cross for his heroism in Guadalcanal in 1943. His award is the second highest award for valor that the Navy has. I am often told this about heroes: ordinary men do extraordinary things. Later in life, Jim Dunn was asked why he joined the Marines, and he simply responded: ‘‘Uncle Sam needed me.’’ Let me highlight from his citation for the Navy Cross: 
When the combat patrol with which he was serving came under heavy machinegun shelling, Private First Class Dunn, along with 11 marines and their command officer, became separated from the remainder of the patrol and were pinned down by hostile fire. After the commanding officer and the second in command had been severely wounded, Private First Class Dunn, on his own initiative and with complete disregard for personal safety, promptly assumed command and led the men to jungle cover in the face of fierce mortar and machinegun fire. Again trapped by Japanese, he reconnoitered and finally succeeded in leading his group, including the wounded, to their own lines. 
As you can see by this citation, PFC James Dunn put the safety of his colleagues above his own. For his courage in the face of grave danger, he was decorated with the Navy Cross. Following the war, James Dunn returned home to Pueblo, Colorado, where he lived with his family before passing away in 2000. Mr. Speaker, I salute this brave marine and support the passage of this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), my friend and colleague from the Third Congressional District. I serve with Representative TIPTON , and his district includes Pueblo. Many times we have discussed what is good for the people of Colorado and what we can do to help, where the Federal role is appropriate; and I have to tell you, Representative TIPTON is a strong fighter and tireless in serving his district, and especially Pueblo itself. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for the bipartisan support on this legislation, and I want to extend my sincere thanks to Congressman LAMBORN for all of his hard work on behalf of our VA and the healthcare issues for our veterans who are so in need of making sure those promises are fulfilled for them. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of naming one small part of that healthcare system after a true American hero, Private First Class James Dunn. James Dunn was born in Stratton, Colorado, and found work in Pueblo, Colorado, at the steel mill after he graduated from high school. While walking down the street one day in June of 1942, he saw what we now consider a classic poster of Uncle Sam pointing straight at him saying, ‘‘I want you.’’ Fascinated, he entered the recruiting station and noticed that the line to enlist in the Marines was empty compared to the line for the Navy. That made his choice easy. When asked later why he joined, his reply was simple: ‘‘Uncle Sam needed me.’’ PFC Dunn was initially placed with a group of marines that were being reorganized as L–3–6 at Camp Elliott, California, before they were shipped to New Zealand to train and maneuver in the mountainous terrain that could be found there. b1330 Then, in early January 1943, PFC Dunn’s group of Marines was sent to relieve the original force that invaded Guadalcanal. On January 20, 1943, Dunn’s platoon was split into three squads and were conducting a scouting mission when they came under heavy enemy fire. The citation describing his actions that day states, in part, ‘‘After the commanding officer and the second in command had been severely wounded, Private First Class Dunn, on his own initiative and with complete disregard of personal safety, promptly assumed command and led the men to jungle cover in the face of fierce mortar and machinegun fire.’’ Dunn was later awarded the Navy Cross for his action that day and was credited by many of the surviving members of his platoon for saving their lives. PFC Dunn went on to serve in the campaigns on Tinian and Okinawa. All told, when he was discharged, Dunn had spent all but 6 months of his 31⁄2 years in the Marines overseas. When he returned to Pueblo, he married the love of his life Mary Knez and they had two sons, Mike and Jeff. In his civilian life, he became a Mason, enjoyed reading, and, for many years, delivered meals to shutins, continuing his service to others. After 54 years of marriage, James passed away in Pueblo on July 5, 2000. PFC James Dunn embodies the proud military traditions and rugged spirit of the city and the county of Pueblo, Colorado, and I am happy to support the naming of this outpatient clinic in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I have had the opportunity to be able to tour that clinic and to be able to visit with veterans. He would be honored and pleased to see that PFC James Dunn is now going to be affixed to that facility. Pueblo is known as the home of heroes, and rightly so. PFC James Dunn certainly fits that category. I would like to thank the Pueblo VA Naming Committee for all of their efforts to support the renaming of this clinic, the support of the United Veterans Council of Colorado, and the many veterans service organizations that it counts as members. I would also like to thank all of my colleagues in the Colorado delegation for their support and the staff and leadership of the Committee on Veterans Affairs for working with my office to accomplish this important task. I would like to encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I thank the Dunn family for their heroic father and husband and for his service to our country. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I simply just want to say that I urge my colleagues to support passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the House to support this. I think this is one of those opportunities where, with strong bipartisan support, we can pass this legislation and honor the memory of a true American hero, as Representative TIPTON and the ranking member of the subcommittee have both talked about. This is appropriate for Pueblo, I agree. Pueblo is the home of heroes. They got that name because there were so many people from Pueblo who have received the Congressional Medal of Honor. I don’t know if there is something in the water or what, but it is touching to see that kind of patriotism coming out of the people of Pueblo. That really warms my heart. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3283. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate having proceeded to reconsider the bill (S. 2040) ‘‘An Act to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes.’’, returned by the President of the United States with his objections, to the Senate, in which it originated, it was Resolved, That the said bill pass, two thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative. The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the Chair, on behalf of Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. We are going to stand up and say that the Corps of Engineers and the nonFederal sponsor have made it clear that it is not responsible for constructing baseball fields, basketball courts, and soccer fields. Not only has the Corps said to us that it is not included in this—they have confirmed, and they have reconfirmed—but, in fact, an independent board did a costbenefit analysis on this. An independent board did one. This motion simply stops the forward motion of this bill. When I became chairman, I committed to making sure that, in every Congress, we would pass a WRDA bill and get back to regular order like we used to do, but there was a 7year gap; so here, today, we have a bill. It is not perfect by any means, but it is a good bill. I look around this Chamber, and there are Members here who have projects in this that are important to their districts and that are important to their States. Most importantly, it is important to the Nation that we move this bill forward. If we delay on this bill, we are going to delay these jobs. This is a critical bill for us. It does some very, very good things. There are good benefits in here. First, it reasserts congressional authority by restoring the 2year cycle to WRDA. It restores congressional authority. That means we in this House and in the Senate—in Congress—get to tell the administration what they are going to do. We are not going to sit here and have them direct us and say this is what we will do. We don’t know who those faceless, nameless bureaucrats are, and I am tired of that. I will not let that happen on my watch. There is a return to regular order. As I said, there are unelected bureaucrats making those decisions for us. 
Secondly, it is fiscally responsible. We authorize over $9 billion in projects, but we deauthorize. We have taken it, and we have balanced it out so it is fiscally responsible. Finally, it keeps American jobs in America by strengthening our competitiveness—not Republican and Democratic jobs, American jobs. In each Member’s district and in each Member’s State, this bill is going to help America be competitive so that our goods and products can go out of these ports efficiently to world markets and so they can come in and get on our store shelves efficiently and save Americans money. This is an important economic development bill for this Nation. Let’s get this bill done. Let’s get into conversations with the Senate, and let’s get this on the President’s desk. Let’s help strengthen America. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 243, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Doyle, Michael F. Kirkpatrick Lowey McDermott Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
b1812 So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 399, noes 25, not voting 7, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt Amash Brooks (AL) DeFazio Ellmers (NC) Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Green, Gene Huelskamp Jones Jordan Labrador McKinley Miller (FL) Neugebauer Palmer Perry Pitts Polis Roby Rogers (AL) Salmon Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) NOT VOTING—7 
Boyle, Brendan F. Kirkpatrick McDermott Pingree Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 891, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the attached letters between myself and the Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence regarding House Concurrent Resolution 891, expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, September 27, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : On September 26, 2016, H. Res. 891, ‘‘Expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes,’’ was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition, to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. In order to expedite the House’s consideration of the resolution, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will forego consideration of the measure. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the resolution or any similar measure. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter in any committee report for the resolution and in the Congressional Record during its floor consideration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 27, 2016. Hon. DEVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H. Res. 891, a resolution expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that resolution. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 891 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit statements or extraneous materials for the RECORD on House Resolution 891. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. 
REGULATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 897, I call up the bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6 month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6094 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6094. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. I am proud to introduce this legislation to provide small businesses, colleges, universities, and nonprofit organizations much needed relief from a fundamentally flawed rule that will do more harm than good. It is unfortunate this legislation is necessary in the first place. For over 2 years, Republicans have urged the Department to update our Nation’s overtime rules responsibly. These rules serve as important protections for American workers, but the existing regulatory structure is extremely outdated and complex. The Department should have used this opportunity to modernize overtime rules for the 21st century workforce. They should have listened to the countless smallbusiness owners, heads of nonprofit organizations, State and local leaders, and college and university administrators who warned that an extreme and partisan rule would lead to harmful consequences. But the Department failed to take a balanced approach and refused to listen. Instead, they stuck by a Washingtonknows best mentality and finalized a rule that was exactly what so many hardworking men and women had feared. The rule doubles the salary threshold for overtime eligibility and requires further automatic increases every 3 years. And then, to make matters worse, the Department even kept in place the same old regulatory maze that has existed for decades. As the administration pats itself on the back and rushes to implement a rule in just a few short months, those who will face the real world consequences are scrambling to meet the unrealistic December 1 deadline. Ernie Macewen, a South Rockwood smallbusiness owner in my district, 
said he already opted to hire one less employee this year in anticipation of the rule. He said he has heard from other smallbusiness owners who don’t even know the rule exists. Karen Richard, who owns Culver’s restaurants in Ann Arbor and Jackson, is worried the rule will limit opportunities for the young people she employs. Adrian College is trying to make tough decisions that could impact tuition and services for students, and the time crunch is making the process even more challenging. Bethany Christian Services in Grand Rapids is concerned the rule will undermine support for children in need. These stories aren’t unique to Michigan. These are the types of stories that are unfolding across the country, yet the administration continues to quickly move toward the December 1 implementation date in total disregard for the challenges facing the small businesses, schools, and nonprofit organizations serving our communities. Mr. Speaker, the administration should abandon this rule before it limits opportunities for workers, hurts young people striving for an affordable education, burdens hardworking small business owners, and jeopardizes vital services for vulnerable Americans. It is time to go back to the drawing board and work toward the balanced, responsible approach we have been fighting for from the start. Time is running out. The administration and Members of Congress should do the right thing and provide more time to those struggling to implement this rule before an arbitrary and unrealistic deadline. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation and to help deliver the relief small businesses, schools, and nonprofits in each and every one of our districts so desperately need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to H.R. 6094, the inappropriately named Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. First of all, it is not limited to those. It is for all employers. It would delay the implementation of the overtime rule for 6 months. The rule is currently slated to go into effect on December 1, and working families can’t wait another 6 months for a longoverdue adjustment in the overtime rule. We ought to talk a little bit about what we are talking about. If today you are earning $10 an hour, if you work more than 40 hours a week, you get timeandahalf for every hour worked over 40. And if they change that to the same amount, instead of $10 an hour, $20,000 a year, you still get timeandahalf for overtime after 40 hours because your salary is under the approximately $23,000 threshold. b1830 If you make $15 an hour, you get timeandahalf for over 40 hours; but if they change that and call it $30,000 a year, the hours you work over 40 you not only don’t get timeandahalf, you don’t get paid at all. You just worked extra hours because you are over the threshold. Now, when the threshold was established many years ago, 60 percent of salaried workers were covered by the overtime rule. They were under the threshold and got overtime. But because it wasn’t adjusted for inflation, it is now only about 7 percent of salaried workers who get overtime protection. The Department of Labor overtime rule will increase that threshold up to about $47,000, and this would cover about only 35 percent of salaried workers, but this would still enable millions of Americans to be compensated for work over 40 hours. Mr. Speaker, the 40hour workweek used to be the standard workweek, but with this new rule, more workers will benefit from the overtime rule and be able to get timeandahalf for hours worked over 40 hours. We have heard this is too quick. When the last adjustment was made, under a Republican President, only 4 months were provided to adjust. This rule allowed 6 months. Furthermore, the administration has been working on this for 2 years, so employers have known it was coming. Now, we will hear exaggerated reports about the impact on universities. Studies have shown that only a few people will be actually affected by the rule, and of those, only a few people will actually routinely work overtime. So the total of those affected and routinely work overtime is about 1 percent of the university employees. Their salary may go up a little bit or they may be only worked 40 hours, in which case there is no adjustment needed. Either way, you are only talking about a small portion of the salary of 1 percent. That is not going to bankrupt universities. The nonprofits, the same thing, about 1 percent of the employees both routinely work overtime and are affected. Their salary may or may not go up, depending on how you respond because a lot of times you will just make sure that people don’t work more than 40 hours a week. They can go home to their families rather than be worked hour after hour after hour. We have also heard an exaggeration about how it will affect jobs, people will have to lay people off. Actually, one study showed that you will actually create jobs, about 100,000 jobs over the economy, because if an employer has 120 hours that need to be worked, and he is working two people 60 hours a week without paying for the extra hours, with this rule, he may be paying them timeandahalf, and it may make more sense to hire a third person; so three people work 40 hours a week. That would create, as I said, about 100,000 jobs. Mr. Speaker, this bill would unnecessarily delay fair pay to millions of workers. The President, thankfully, has said that if this bill ever sees his desk, he will veto it. We can remove that uncertainty just by defeating the bill here and now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, a man who we will all miss next year, the wisdom, the leadership, the success that he has brought to this committee, a man who understands that we work together, but sometimes we press forward to do the right thing. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for his tremendous leadership on this issue and so many more. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6094. In 2014, the Department of Labor began an effort to update Federal overtime rules. There would have been strong bipartisan support for that effort if the Department had pursued a responsible approach. In fact, we have spent years engaging in this issue because we believe Federal overtime rules need to be modernized, both to strengthen protections for workers and to provide more clarity and certainty for employers. Unfortunately, the Department took a different approach and finalized an extreme rule that will hurt those it is supposed to help. As we have heard from witnesses at hearings and constituents back home, the rule will leave individuals with less flexibility at work and fewer opportunities to further their careers or pursue jobs they want or truly need. We have also learned that the rule will make college less affordable and make it more difficult for charitable organizations to serve people in need. The purpose of the legislation we are considering today is to provide some relief—even if temporary—to those who will be harmed the most: men and women working hard to grow their own businesses and employees trying to provide a better life for their families, students pursuing the dream of a higher education, and countless Americans relying on nonprofits for help and support. It took the Obama administration more than 2 years—27 months—to complete this rule, but they have given the American people just 6 months to make the difficult choices necessary to implement it. According to one report, almost half—49 percent—of small businesses aren’t even aware the new rule exists. Imagine how many schools and nonprofits are in the same position. This legislation will give these men and women more time to implement the rule and help mitigate its impact on students, workers, and vulnerable individuals. But the clock is ticking. Important decisions about payroll and 
staffing have to be made and quickly. If we fail to act now, it may be too late. I want to thank Mr. WALBERG for introducing this important legislation and for his continued leadership in championing efforts to responsibly—responsibly—update Federal overtime rules. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume just to acknowledge the retirement of the Chair. I have only been ranking member for this Congress, but we have been able to work together constructively for elementary and secondary education, juvenile justice, career and technical education, Older Americans Act, several higher education bills, all working constructively together. I want to thank the gentleman for his cooperative spirit. We agree on a lot and we are able to work forward. We disagree, as we are on this bill, but we are able to do that in a dignified way and still be able to accomplish a great deal during this Congress. I want to congratulate him on a great career. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member SCOTT. As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections on the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I rise to voice my strong opposition to H.R. 6094, which would delay the overtime rule. It is not fair that the men and women teetering on the brink of poverty, people making $23,660 a year, are asked to work 50, 60, or 70 hours a week with no promise of extra pay. It is not fair that millions of mothers and fathers who are forced to work long hours each week find it almost impossible to give their children the time and attention they deserve, yet they are still deprived of the overtime pay that could lead to the economic security of their families. The Department’s overtime rule will extend longawaited wage protections to nearly 4.2 million Americans, including 331,000 Floridians. I applaud the Department and the administration for their continued commitment to combating the wage stagnation that has left far too many Floridians working more hours for less pay. My hardworking constituents and Americans across this country deserve a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. This overtime rule makes us one step closer to this goal. Smallbusiness owners, nonprofits, and higher education institutions have options for complying with this rule, which would not impose any additional cost. Let’s make that clear. H.R. 6094 will take $600 million out of the pockets of 4.2 million American workers who would have gained overtime protections on December 1. This is $600 million they will never see. That means, for example, that workers will have less money to spend on their families and their futures. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we are required to serve the will of the people, and millions of working class people want and need this rule now. Polls show that 76 percent of voters say they support the rule. We must do what is best for the American people by ensuring that all Americans are paid a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. I remain steadfast in my commitment to strengthening the wage and hour protections that Americans deserve. It is critical that the overtime rule goes into effect without any changes on December 1, 2016. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, and my good friend. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I rise today in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act, a muchneeded piece of legislation that will delay the Department of Labor’s misguided proposed overtime rule. The annual wage in my home State of Tennessee is $41,300. In my district, the median household income is even lower, $39,000. The Department’s proposed threshold for overtime is $47,000. That means that well over half the households in my district could be impacted by this ruling. My question to the Department of Labor is: If over half the workers in an area will be affected by a regulation, where will the money come from? The government might be able to print money, but if a local momand pop business back home in my district started doing that, it is a felony, and the Secret Service won’t be stopping by just to say hello. The answer is fairly obvious to anyone who has run a business or had to meet a payroll. To comply with the regulation, fewer fulltime employees will be hired, and workers will be strictly limited in their hours. While the regulation may give a few employees a pay raise, for many other employees it will result in fewer opportunities and unemployment. We all want to see wages go up and the economy recover like it has in the past, but that happens by decreasing the number of oppressive regulations to stimulate job creation and business growth, not by adding yet another layer of regulation that could put small companies and nonprofits across my district out of business or cause them to cut back workers’ hours and change salaried employees to hourly. Additionally, if this rule is finalized, the colleges in my district will be affected to the tune of between $1 million and $9 million annually, which will only end up raising the price of education, which is already too high. I want to say in closing that I am an Eagle Scout and very proud to be one. As you may know, the motto of the Scouts is: Be Prepared. Unfortunately, for groups like the Boy Scouts of America that rely on donations, there is no way that they could be prepared to pay all their employees $47,476 or more and continue operating. This proposed rule will do nothing but hurt an already ailing economy and force groups like the Boy Scouts to cut back on their operation that helps kids, rich and poor, come together and learn skills they need to be a productive member of society when they grow up. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and a hardworking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Virginia, the ranking member, Mr. SCOTT, for his leadership on this issue. I am here to express my strong opposition to H.R. 6094. Prior to the Department of Labor taking action this year, the rules governing overtime were woefully out of date. In 1975, 60 percent of salaried workers had access to overtime protections. Four decades later, that number was just 8 percent. The result is that millions of American workers were denied a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work for far too long. On numerous occasions, my colleagues across the aisle have conceded that the threshold should be increased, but they say that this increase is too much too soon. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect, an incremental change would have been appropriate three decades ago. Now we need bold action to restore overtime protections for middle class workers. b1845 I find it ironic that this bill is called the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. After decades of long hours and low pay, it is working families that need relief. This bill takes money out of the pockets of middle class Americans right before the holiday season. In reality, this bill should be called the Grinch Act. The overtime rule will ensure that 4.2 million Americans will have access to overtime protections. An additional 8.9 million workers will see their overtime protections strengthened. These middle class workers will either get an increase in pay or more time to spend with their families or both. This is plainly one of the most significant steps we can take to support the middle class. 
I am not blind to the concerns of the business communities. I have heard from small businesses, institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations in my own district who are worried about the impact this rule will have on their bottom lines; but the truth is, while this rule is a big deal for workers, it will not have a significant consequence for businesses. The Department of Labor estimates that the total cost of the rule will amount to less than onetenth of 1 percent of total U.S. payroll costs. I repeat that: less than onetenth of 1 percent of total U.S. payroll costs. Among workers affected by the rule, only one in five regularly work overtime. At universities and colleges, employees whose primary duties are teaching, lecturing, or instructing are exempt from overtime coverage under the Fair Labor Standards Act. Only 3.4 percent of all employees in colleges, universities, and junior colleges will be affected by this rule. Only 0.5 percent of those workers usually work overtime. And who are these workers? They are the people peeling potatoes in the dining hall, they are the landscapers cutting grass in the quad, and they are the sporting equipment managers who work in multimilliondollar athletic facilities, but can barely afford to support their families. They deserve to be paid for the hours they work. Employers have inexpensive options for complying with this rule. For example, they can work with their teams to ensure that their employees are only working 40 hours a week, preventing overwork, as the Fair Labor Standards Act intended. Yes, we have heard concerns about the overtime rule from the business community, but we have also heard their support. Ranking Member SCOTT and Chairman KLINE received a letter from the American Sustainable Business Council urging Congress to support a full implementation deadline of December 1, 2016. These businesses believe that any delay would be unduly burdensome, as businesses have been preparing for the rule to go into effect this year. We have also received support from the nonprofits. I will include in the RECORD two letters to the Department of Labor offering support for the rule during the rulemaking process: one with nearly two dozen nonprofits, and another letter with roughly 140 organizations supporting the final rule. 
Citizen Action Group (CCAG); Courage Campaign; Delaware Alliance for Community Advancement; Democratic Socialists of America; Democratic Women’s Club of Florida; Democracy for America; Demos. Economic Opportunity Institute; Economic Policy Institute; Elizabeth Coalition to House the Homeless; Emerge Colorado; End Hunger CT!; Fair Budget Coalition; Fair World Project; Family Values @ Work; First Shift Justice Project; FRESC: Good Jobs, Strong Communities; Generation Progress; God’s Will In Action; Gospel Justice Committee; Greater New York LaborReligion Coalition; Greater Orlando NOW; HEAL; Human Services Council of New York; Illinois Economic Policy Institute. Indiana Community Action Association; Indiana Institute for Working Families; Innovation Ohio Education Fund; Institute for Science and Human Values, Inc; Interfaith Worker Justice; Interfaith Center for Worker Justice of San Diego County; Interfaith Coalition for Worker Justice; International Brotherhood of Teamsters; Iowa Coalition Against Domestic Violence; Jobs With Justice; Keystone Research Center; Latino Commission on AIDS; Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; Legal Aid Service of Broward County; Legal Aid Society of the District of Columbia; Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE); Medical Mission Sisters; MomsRising; MoveOn.org. NAACP; NARAL ProChoice Colorado; National Alliance for Partnerships in Equity; National Association of Social Workers; National Black Justice Coalition; National Center for Lesbian Rights; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Council of La Raza (NCLR); National Employment Law Project (NELP); National Employment Lawyers Association; National Low Income Housing Coalition; National Partnership for Women & Families; National Resource Center on Domestic Violence; National Women’s Law Center; NETWORK LOBBY; New Jersey Policy Perspective; New Jersey Work Environment Council; Noorvik Boys & Girls Club Alaska; North Carolina Justice Center; One Wisconsin Now; Organize Now; PathStone Corporation; PathWays PA. People’s Action; Pennsylvania Council of Churches; Princeton Community Housing; ProgressOhio; Progressive Change Campaign Committee; Public Health Advocates; Public Justice Center; Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law; Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Sierra Club; Sisters of the Presentation; Social Security Works; South Carolina Community Loan Fund; Southeast Ministry DC; Teens, Training, & Taxes; Toledo Area Jobs with Justice & Interfaith Worker Justice Coalition; The Union of Concerned Scientists; UltraViolet. United Auto Workers (UAW); United States Student Association; United Steelworkers; URGE: Unite for Reproductive & Gender Equity; Voices for Progress; Washington Community Action Network; Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs; Washington State Labor Council, AFLCIO; Westland Ecumenical Community Food Pantry; West Virginia Center on Budget and Policy; Wisconsin Council on Children & Families; Wisconsin Faith Voices for Justice Workers’ Dignity Project; Women AdvaNCe; Women Employed; Women’s Law Project; Working America; Working Partnerships USA; YWCA USA. 
Mr. TAKANO. Finally, I want to raise objection to the way that this legislation is being considered. H.R. 6094 was brought to the floor as an emergency measure, bypassing regular order. Mr. Speaker, an emergency is the epidemic of gun violence that kills 91 Americans every day. An emergency is averting a damaging shutdown and funding the Federal Government. Taking $600 million out of the pockets of hardworking Americans and preventing them from spending time with their families is not an emergency, and that is what H.R. 6094 would do. This legislation and the way it is being considered is a message to middle class families that they are not a priority for this Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just respond to my friend and colleague, the gentleman from California, that I appreciate the passion that he displays. None of us want to be grinches. My concern, however, is that at Christmastime it won’t be the fact that they would get more money as a result of this. The fact is many will lose their jobs. There could be nothing worse at Christmastime than to lose jobs that they have had. I would also suggest that the reports that were listed are similar reports and probably from similar researchers that told us if we liked our insurance, we could keep it; if we liked our doctor, we could keep him or her. We are talking about an issue here that relates to people who are salaried. Most of the references that were made of employees by my colleague are people that aren’t salaried. We are not talking about them. We are talking about people that are building a resume, an opportunity for flexibility, to meet the needs of their families, to have continued opportunity to grow in their work relationships and responsibilities. Some, as we heard in committee, come to us having started on the grill, went to assistant manager, and ended up owning corporations and leading them. So I think we need to watch those studies, as well, and what they purport and where they come from. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), a good friend and a gentleman who understands it from another perspective. Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the chairman for yielding time, and I stand in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, south Louisiana recently experienced historic flooding that damaged 12,000 businesses, leaving them struggling to survive. Recuperation is one thing, but survival is at stake right now for these businesses. The Department of Labor’s overtime rule would effectively force a choice for these floodaffected employers: either delay the muchneeded recovery efforts or rapidly deplete limited funds they have available for recovering, paying for higher labor costs, as dictated by this new rule. The consequences of this rule are real. They are having a real impact, a detrimental impact. That is why just last week, my home State of Louisiana joined 20 other States in filing a lawsuit challenging this rule. This rule will force many businesses to unfairly and substantially increase their employment costs. This rule will lead to higher unemployment, in many instances. Small businesses will be really affected in a big way by this, at a time when labor participation is at an alltime low in the workforce—at least, something we haven’t seen since the seventies. We should be encouraging growth. I don’t know why our colleagues don’t understand the need for economic growth and progrowth policies. We should be encouraging growth of small business and development in the workplace. This rule, instead, would hinder opportunities for employees to move up the career ladder. That is why I support this bill, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This is really important legislation that will delay the implementation of this illconceived, disastrous rule. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ), a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6094. There has been a lot of talk about what small businesses think about this law. We put it in the name of the bill. Well, let me give you a perspective of a smallbusiness owner for 29 years. I am, this week—maybe not right now; they might have left—paying overtime to one of my employees. They are working extra hours because we are extra busy at this time of year. You know what that means when I pay them extra money? That means I am making more money because we have got more hours that we are billing out. All I am doing is sharing it with the employees who, otherwise, are spending less time with their families. That is why we pay overtime pay. It is a pretty basic concept. The problem is, if you delay this rule for 6 months, you will deny Americans $600 million in pay during that time. There will be 4.2 million Americans newly eligible for overtime pay, under the proposed rule. Another 8.9 million working Americans will have their overtime protections strengthened under this rule. Let’s make sure people really understand what it is really about. The current level that is in place for overtime is $23,400. The Federal poverty line for a family of four, Mr. Speaker, is $24,300. We are asking people to work overtime—extra hours—for free who are living below the Federal poverty line at the current level. That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. As an employer, I would feel terrible that I have an employee putting 60 hours a week in and living below the Federal poverty line. So the problem is there are some employers and some business models that 
simply aren’t sufficient because they are taking advantage of the current overtime rule because it is so antiquated—it is from 2004—and that is simply why we have to have it increased. Only 7 percent of the fulltime salary workforce right now is under that rule. If you go back to 1975, that was at 60 percent. Even with this rule, we are only bringing that up to a third of full time salaried workers. It is long overdue. So what does this bill do? This would delay it for 6 months. Let’s be honest. This isn’t about delaying it for 6 months. This is about trying to kill the bill outright. This is about trying not to have an increase in overtime pay. It was very clear from the hearings that a lot of these businesses make money off of their current model. We have seen that in the economy. Wages have generally been flat; although, recently, we have seen a little uptick. Corporate profits have soared. CEO profits have soared. The stock market has soared. The only thing left behind are wages. This is one of those things to deal with it for someone who could be living on the Federal poverty line, giving free hours to an employer who, I would argue, needs a better business model. What will happen if this rule goes into effect? One of three things: First, you will see people working fewer hours for no less pay and able to spend more time with their family or time to get a second job if they need additional money to support their family; Second, they will receive more compensation in their current jobs in the form of overtime pay; Third, many unemployed or underemployed people will see new opportunities for jobs or extra hours at their current jobs once those extra hours are no longer worked for free and, instead, spread out among workers. It is a scare tactic to say that people are going to be fired and lose work before the holidays. I am an employer. I am happy. I make money this week because I am paying someone overtime. I know I am making even more money for my business. I learned this once when I talked to a very successful businessowner in Wisconsin about taxes. He said, I don’t mind paying taxes. If I am making money, I pay taxes. If I am not making money, I am not paying. That is the way it should be. That is how I look at this. I want to share it with my employees because, if they are making the sacrifice away from their families, that is why we have overtime pay in place. That is why we have this rule in place. This delay is a bad idea. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin an additional 10 seconds. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD letters from organization that support the overtime rule. AFSCME, Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I want to express our strong support for the Department of Labor’s (DOL) new overtime rule set for implementation on December 1, and urge you to oppose any efforts to overturn, weaken or delay it. In particular, we are strongly opposed to the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act (H.R. 6094), and we urge you to vote no when this bill comes to the House floor for a vote. This new rule is an overdue and historic update that would raise the salary threshold below which most workers are eligible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,486. It’s a recognition of our country’s forwardmoving economy and is supported by the overwhelming majority of Americans who believe that too many workers are working too many hours for too little pay—a major step in addressing stagnant incomes and wage inequality. It will benefit 12.5 million people— including 4.2 million parents who together have 7.3 million children under the age of 18. H.R. 6094 would hurt many hardworking Americans that the updated rule is intended to help, and needlessly delay implementation of the overtime rule. The stated reason for the delay is to lessen the impact on small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges and universities. However, opposition to the overtime rule as it applies to nonprofits and universities is vastly overstated. Many employees of nonprofits who perform charitable operations are not engaged in ‘‘commercial sales’’ or ‘‘business transactions’’ that lead to ‘‘enterprise’’ coverage under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). For universities, the majority of their workers are already exempt from FLSA overtime coverage, including professors, instructors, coaches, counselors, and most teaching assistants. Also, before the DOL’s overtime rule was made final, many businesses, including small businesses, had forced lowlevel salaried employees to work long hours for no extra compensation. Employees who work in small businesses deserve the same protection as those who work for mediumsized and large businesses. The updated salary level is meant to do one thing—prevent employers from denying a 40hour workweek and overtime pay to workers. Americans who are employed in these sectors should not be exploited by employers and work excessive hours, or be denied time with their families. They are no less deserving of protections from working long hours with no pay than any other workers. Experts insist this rule is a critical opportunity to create better jobs and improve the economic lives of lowwage working people. Updating the FLSA rules requiring overtime pay will provide one of the best economic boosts for working families in many years. H.R. 6094 is a direct attack on American families and workers, which would hinder job creation, weaken protections for millions of workers, and deny millions of workers a fair day’s pay for a hard day’s work. AFSCME urges you to support the DOL’s new overtime rule, and to oppose H.R. 6094 and other efforts to delay, weaken or repeal the rule. Sincerely, SCOTT FREY, Director of Federal Government Affairs. THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE ON  CIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , Washington, DC, September 27, 2016. OPPOSE H.R. 6094: T HEREGULATORY RELIEF  
FORSMALL BUSINESSES , SCHOOLS , ANDNONPROFITS ACT DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, a coalition charged by its diverse membership of more than 200 organizations to promote and protect the rights of all persons in the United States, we urge you to oppose H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This bill would delay the implementation of the Department of Labor’s new overtime protections by six months, forcing millions of workers and their families to wait another half year before they become eligible for overtime pay. The Leadership Conference strongly supports the new overtime rules, which are scheduled to take effect on December 1, 2016. Following a lengthy comment period, the final rule, released in May, was preceded by months of careful consideration by the Department of Labor, which incorporated extensive economic analysis and the feedback from 270,000 letters of comment. The rule raises the overtime salary threshold from $23,660 to $47,476, meaning that more employees putting in long hours will finally get the pay they deserve for their hard work. The Department of Labor estimates that 4.2 million workers currently considered exempt will gain the right to overtime pay, and the Economic Policy Institute projects that 12.5 million workers in total will benefit from the new overtime protections. Women and people of color will benefit significantly as more women, African American and Hispanic salaried managerial and professional workers fall at the lower end of the salary scale. This month, data from the U.S. Census Bureau showed a substantial increase in income for American households, breaking a long running pattern of stagnation. It is critical that we build on the progress made in the economic recovery by ensuring that middle class and working families get a raise, as planned, on December 1 when the new overtime protections take effect. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose H.R. 6094, which would unnecessarily delay by six months the new overtime rules and the increased income they would bring to working families. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, WADEHENDERSON , President & CEO. NANCY ZIRKIN , Executive Vice President. 
SEPTEMBER 27, 2016. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : I am writing to urge you to support the U.S. Department of Labor’s overtime regulation and oppose the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act (H.R. 6094), which would delay its implementation. The new overtime rule that is scheduled to take effect on December 1 would finally end the days when people who work long hours for poverty wages are not required to receive overtime pay. By updating wage and hour protections that have been allowed to erode for decades, the new rule will make a tremendous difference for millions of working women and their families. The National Partnership for Women & Families is a nonprofit, nonpartisan advocacy group dedicated to promoting fairness 
in the workplace, reproductive health and rights, access to quality health care and policies that help women and men meet the dual demands of work and family. For four decades, we have fought for every major policy advance that has helped women and families. Right now in our country, only hourly workers and salaried workers making less than $23,660 per year—which is below the poverty line for a family of four—qualify for overtime pay when they work more than 40 hours per week. It has been three decades since the regulations that govern overtime pay in our country have been updated in a meaningful way. In its final regulation, the Department of Labor raised the salary threshold below which most workers are eligible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,476. The rule will extend overtime eligibility and protections to millions of women and help them support themselves and their families. The rule will provide or strengthen overtime protections under the Fair Labor Standards Act for as many as 12.5 million salaried workers, 6.4 million of whom are women, boosting economic security for working families across the country. Outdated overtime rules contribute to unfair pay, which has harmful consequences—including for the twothirds of mothers who are breadwinners or cobreadwinners for their families. In particular, this rule represents an important step toward fairer pay for women and people of color, who are overrepresented in lowerpaying jobs and are often required to work additional hours without compensation. Expanding overtime protections will guarantee employees fairer wages and hours. Under the current low and outdated threshold, a promotion to ‘‘shift supervisor’’ for a salary of just $24,000 a year could cost a woman her overtime pay. The new rule will help to keep millions of workers from being denied the pay they rightfully deserve and their families desperately need. Employers who have been relying on their employees’ free labor now will have to acknowledge the value of the 40hour workweek by either limiting workers to 40hour workweeks, thus giving them more time with their families, or compensating them for the hours they work. This overtime rule is long overdue. It will help end blatant worker exploitation and help restore basic fairness to our nation’s workplaces. It is a historic advance for fair pay. It must not be diminished or delayed. Please support the overtime regulation and vote no when the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act (H.R. 6094) comes to the floor. Working families cannot wait any longer. Sincerely, DEBRA L. N ESS, President, National Partnership for Women & Families. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan for his leadership on this issue. I am a cosponsor, and I strongly support passage of this legislation. The Department of Labor’s overtime rule is yet another onesizefitsall mandate out of Washington that will have severe negative impacts on small businesses and their employees. Countless small employers, including small businesses, nonprofits, and counties, simply do not have the profit margins or budget flexibility to increase the salaries of workers who are currently exempt to the new salary level. Not only is the 100 percent salary level increase too high, but the compliance timeline is far too short. With the December 1 deadline looming, small businesses are scrambling to figure out how the rule will impact them and what they need to do to comply to stay out of trouble with this Federal Government. According to a survey by Paychex, 49 percent of businessowners aren’t even aware of the final overtime rule, which is rapidly breathing down their necks. Over the past year, the Committee on Small Business has heard from countless small businesses that share their concerns about the overtime rule. b1900 Many small businesses currently give their employees flexible schedules, pay increases when they can afford it, and offer career advancement opportunities because employees are the key to their successes. They want to treat their employees well. They don’t need the Federal Government telling them to do that. The new labor rule would limit the ability of small businesses to provide these benefits, which would have a devastating impact on employee morale. Our committee members, and other officials, including the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration, joined small businesses in urging the Department of Labor to change course. In fact, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy sent the Department of Labor a letter that described numerous problems with the rule and recommended that small businesses be given at least a year or 18 months to comply. Instead, the Department of Labor finalized the rule without addressing small business concerns and made the compliance deadline December 1, providing barely 6 months to comply, when they said that they ought to have at least a year or 18 months. H.R. 6094, this bill, is critical because it will provide small businesses with 6 more months to figure out how the rule affects them, how to deal with it, and what changes they need to make to stay out of trouble with the Labor Department. I urge my colleagues to stand up for small businesses and support this bill. I would, again, thank Congressman WALBERG for his leadership on this. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ), the ranking member of the Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations Subcommittee of the Small Business Committee. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise today in support of the Department of Labor’s overtime rule that will go into effect on December 1, 2016. This rule will protect 4.2 million workers who are newly eligible for overtime pay and strengthen protections for 8.9 million workers nationwide. Such a change not only puts more money in workers’ pockets, it also strengthens our economy by driving consumer spending. H.R. 6094 is an attempt to delay the implementation of the overtime rule, taking $600 million out of the pockets of 4.2 million American workers who would have gained overtime protection on December 1. In North Carolina, 425,000 workers will benefit from the new rule. I acknowledge the concerns of my colleagues regarding the impact this rule may have on small businesses, universities, and nonprofits. Only 3.4 percent of employees at colleges and universities and junior colleges will be affected by this rule. Of those groups, only onehalf percent of employees will be both affected by the rule and regularly work overtime. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. ADAMS. Preserving the right to overtime pay is crucial at the time when lower and middleincome family wages are stagnant. I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 6094 and support working families. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), a distinguished member from Pennsylvania. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act introduced by my colleague, Mr. WALBERG . As an original cosponsor of this measure, I am fully supportive of its goal—to put the brakes on the Department of Labor’s final overtime rule and continue to shield workers, small businesses, nonprofits, and educational institutions from its potentially devastating effects. Under the final rule from the Department of Labor, companies and organizations will be required to pay overtime to employees who make less than $47,476, more than double the current salary threshold. While there is little doubt that the current overtime rules are in need of modernization, the Department’s drastic approach will do more harm than good, marginalizing economic growth, diminishing access to valuable services provided by nonprofits, and discouraging upward mobility in the workplace. Mr. Speaker, in the midst of an economy that is still struggling, we simply cannot allow for the enactment of ill advised policies that make it harder for hardworking Americans to make ends meet. For that reason, I am proud to support this measure, and I ask my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. With the minimum wage failing to provide a living wage, Americans are working more hours than ever. Fulltime employees are working an average of 47 hours a week. Nearly 40 percent report logging 50 hours or more. Yet, only 7 percent of salaried workers qualified for overtime last year, down from 62 percent 40 years ago. Updating the rule to restore the purpose of the Fair Labor Standards Act was long overdue. In New York State, an additional 23 percent of the salaried workforce, nearly 1 million employees, will directly benefit from the new regulations. At a time when lower and middleincome wages remain stagnant, these changes will be particularly helpful to American families. Our colleagues on the other side go on about the negative impact on small businesses. Yet, the data shows that this rule will increase payroll less than onetenth of 1 percent. Furthermore, this money will go directly in the pockets of the middle and working class, who will spend it at their local small businesses. It is not going to diminish job creation in this country. It will increase employment opportunities in this country when those workers will go and spend their money in the local businesses. They are not going to go and get a loan to find—to buy another home. They will not buy a second home. They will spend it in the local economy. So, in turn, this provides an economic boost that will create over 120,000 new jobs. This is a winwin regulation. Let’s be clear, no one is asking to be unjustly enriched, only to be fairly compensated for a hard day’s work. These ideals are advanced by the DOL’s overtime rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Yet, despite this benefit for millions of Americans, this legislation will delay the rule until June 2017, when I am sure there will be attempts to eliminate this rule completely. I cannot and will not support this attack on workers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this letter from the American Sustainable Business Council in support of the overtime regulations. AMERICAN SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS  COUNCIL , July 12, 2016. Hon. JOHNKLINE, Chairman, Education and the Workforce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. ROBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT, Ranking Member, Education and the Workforce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN KLINE AND RANKING MEMBERSCOTT: On behalf of the businesses represented by the American Sustainable Business Council’s, ASBC, network, I write in support of the Department of Labor’s recently released overtime rule, and to oppose a Congressional Review Act, CRA, action to roll it back. ASBC advocates for policy change and market solutions for building a vibrant, sustainable economy. Through its national member network, ASBC represents more than 200,000 business owners, executives and investors from a wide range of industries. The rule creates certainty and predictability for business owners. Since the announcement of the draft rule in July 2015 and the release of the final rule this spring, businesses have been planning for its implementation on December 1, 2016. In fact, payroll operations companies have been marketing solutions to help employers handle the transition. Invoking a CRA or other legislative action delaying the overtime rule will create unnecessary and disruptive uncertainty for business owners. Business owners, by nature, are creative at problem solving. When rules are established, they make the necessary decisions to comply. However, when the rules are in flux, business owners react to the uncertainty by holding back on investments in growth and expansion. When employers set fairer, clearer wages, they earn dividends with happier, more productive employees. That’s good news for a businesses’ bottom line, and for growing the nation’s middle class. High road businesses understand that compensating their employees for extra time spent on the job builds a better work culture. The American economy is fundamentally a domestic, consumerdriven economy, unlike some countries where growth is fueled by exports and businesstobusiness spending. The biggest long term threat to our economy is the hollowing out of the middle class, which is losing its capacity for discretionary spending—responsible for about 70 percent of our gross domestic product. The new overtime rule closes a loophole which has allowed for hourly workers to be deprived of pay by inappropriately classifying them as exempt. Employees are consumers; if they are not earning sufficient wages, demand will remain stagnant. Closing this loophole will help restore consumer spending and give the economy a needed boost. The overtime rule has been under consideration for some time and businesses have weighed in through the public comment process. Most businesses are moving forward to meet the December deadline for compliance. Congress should not take action to stop the progress the business community is making. Sincerely, BRYAN MCGANNON , Policy Director. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I rise in support of this legislation to require a 6month delay in the Department of Labor’s new overtime rule. This is an illadvised regulation that will result in hardworking Americans losing their jobs and less economic growth. Don’t take my word for it. Let’s look at what some actual business leaders and organizations had to say about the change. Richard, a businessman in Birmingham, says that he ‘‘will cut back on employee hours as much as possible since raising their compensation is not my option.’’ Ability Alliance of West Alabama, which provides assistance to more than 600 intellectually disabled individuals wrote that ‘‘the untenable financial pressure resulting from the proposed changes would force us into disastrous service reductions and program closures.’’ Greg from Vinemont, Alabama, is much more direct. He writes that he ‘‘will have to lay people off to meet the overtime demands.’’ First Heritage Credit, LLC wrote to the Department of Labor that ‘‘increased costs cannot simply be passed on, and the proposed rule will mean fewer branch openings, fewer new hires, and fewer lending options to the communities we serve.’’ Our Nation’s education institutions will be hit especially hard by the change. A representative from the University of Alabama wrote that ‘‘the proposed regulation puts more pressure on the educational system as a whole. Institutions will either reduce the level of services and programs or will be required to maintain services and programs with inadequate staffing. Regardless, the quality of education will suffer.’’ All told, this change will cost the University of Alabama system $17 million in just the first year. These are just a few stories about the reality of the overtime change. These are real people, real families who will suffer. I think this change should be reworked altogether, but, if that is not an option, we should at least delay this rule in order to provide relief to these businesses and organizations. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), the co chair of the Progressive Caucus. Mr. ELLISON. I thank the ranking member for the time and for his advocacy for working people. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  two articles which talk about how the overtime rule is likely to add 100,000 jobs to the economy; one from Goldman Sachs, and the other from the National Retail Federation. 
[From the National Retail Federation, Sept. 28, 2016] HOWEXPANDING OVERTIME COULD AFFECT  RETAILERS  The Department of Labor has proposed a major change in federal regulations governing overtime pay that could have a significant impact on the retail industry. 
Under current rules, workers making up to $455 a week are automatically entitled to overtime if they work more than 40 hours a week. Managers and professionals who make more can be declared exempt, but only if they meet certain conditions such as having supervision of other workers as their primary duty. Under the proposed changes, the wage threshold would be increased to $970 a week, and the administration is asking whether additional restrictions should be placed on nonsupervisory duties managers can perform and still be considered exempt. To better understand the effects of the proposal, NRF commissioned the research firm Oxford Economics to conduct a study. While raising the threshold would mandate overtime pay for many workers, the analysis found that most employees would not actually see a change in net pay. Instead, many employees would see their hours reduced so that overtime would not be worked, while others would see their base wages, benefits or bonus pay decreased in order to offset the added payroll expense. The study also found that updating payroll systems, establishing ways to track employee hours and other administrative expenses would cost the restaurant and retail industries alone an estimated $745 million even if workers saw no additional takehome pay. (The original study was prepared before the Labor Department proposal was released, and was conducted with projected wage thresholds that might have been proposed. An update has been prepared based on the actual proposal.) 
[From Business Insider.com, Sept. 27, 2016] GOLDMAN SACHS : NEWOBAMA RULE ON OVERTIME LIKELY TOADD100,000 J OBS TO ECONOMY (By Lucy Nicholson, REUTERS) A new rule from the Obama administration—which will increase the fraction of workers entitled to timeandahalf overtime pay—is likely to increase total employment in the US in 2017 by about 100,000 jobs, according to Goldman Sachs. The idea is this: Companies whose workers are covered by the rule will try to avoid paying overtime, and they’ll hire additional workers to do this. The point is to keep from asking their existing employees to work more than 40 hours a week. The rule change affects salaried ‘‘executive, administrative and professional’’ workers, who can currently be exempt from overtime pay if they make as little as $23,660 a year. Following implementation of the rule (expected in December) the overtime exemption will apply only to salaried workers making at least $47,476—making 4.2 million additional Americans eligible for timeanda half. Of those, in any given week about 1 million actually work more than 40 hours. There are four ways employers may respond to this rule change: Simply making the overtime payments. Reducing employees’ base pay, in an effort to leave their total compensation unchanged after the new overtime payments—though this can be complicated, especially because the employers don’t always know in advance how much overtime each employee will work. Increasing employees’ base pay to exceed the new threshold so they remain exempt from overtime payments. Goldman thinks this is most likely for employees who already earn a salary very close to $47,476. Employing more workers and have them work fewer hours, so they do not run afoul of the 40hour limit. By examining employer behavior from the last time the overtime threshold was changed, in 2004, Goldman economist Alec Phillips developed a ‘‘central’’ estimate that 100,000 additional jobs will be created in 2017 as employers choose the third option—not a huge amount in an economy creating between 2 and 3 million jobs a year, but not trivial either. It’s important to note that employers who respond to the new overtime pay rule by reducing overtime hours will not be ‘‘cheating’’ or skirting the intent of the rule. The point of the rule is to ensure that lowerincome salaried workers get compensated if they have to work extra hours, allowing those workers to collect their salaries without working uncompensated overtime is a meaningful gain for those workers. The new timeandahalf payments would also increase some workers’ hourly pay, but not for enough workers to show up in the statistics of average hourly earnings, according to the Goldman analysis—so don’t expect this rule to drive a boost in wages that can be felt at the economywide level. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, one wonders if there could possibly ever have been any small businesses only a few years ago. At its peak, 62 percent of workers were eligible for overtime pay. Today, only 7 percent are eligible. What did they do then? They hired people. This idea that making it fair for working people who work overtime is somehow going to bring doom and gloom and destruction on small businesses is absolutely nonsense. It is typical. We hear it all the time. Anything we are going to do for working people just can’t possibly be done, or little people themselves will be hurt. This is a constant refrain. If big, big, big agriculture wants something, they say, oh, we are here for the family farm. If big, big banks want something, they say, oh, we are here for the community banks. And if big, big, big businesses want something, and they don’t want to pay their overtime, they say, oh, what about the small businesses. In fact, this bill named for small businesses, folks out there listening should know that the title of this legislation is misleading. The legislation delays the rule for all employers, including small businesses. But here’s the fact. Walmart, are they—do they benefit from the fact that this overtime rule hasn’t kept pace? McDonald’s, Burger King, all types of huge businesses which absolutely have the capacity to pay people fairly simply haven’t done so. It is interesting to me that our Republican friends have had the gavels in their hands since 2010 now. They haven’t stepped up to improve and update this particular overtime rule. The administration has done what they have failed to do. And now what do they have to say about it? Oh, it can’t possibly happen, can’t possibly work, and it is going to make everything worse. How discouraging it must be to an American worker today. This Congress won’t look at increasing the Federal minimum wage of $7.25. And the tip wage of $2.13, a national disgrace, they won’t do that. They don’t take that up. They are constantly attacking the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has brought consumers over $12 billion. And they are constantly trying to cut taxes for the rich, and they don’t want to invest in anything for the working people. Yet, they always justify everything they are doing by saying, oh, it would hurt the working people themselves. This is ridiculous. This argument has no merit. It has to be rejected. Over the past 35 years, we have failed to meaningfully update our overtime pay regulations. Now is the right time. As I said, at its peak, 62 percent of workers were eligible for overtime pay. Today, only 7 percent are eligible because we have let the working people down. We have delayed action to help working families long enough, and we can’t ask them to wait any longer. I urge a very strong ‘‘no.’’ b1915 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. ELLISON. I want to say this. It is about real people. One of those real people is Jodi T. from Minneapolis. She said: 
I work more than 40 hours a week regularly, and this will make a great deal of difference for me and my family. Lately, I find that businesses will eliminate positions and put more work on existing staff regardless of whether they can handle it within the time and the workday. If they pay overtime, they will bear some of the real costs of these decisions. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. It is a bad thing. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Augusta, Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This legislation works to delay implementation of the Department of Labor’s new overtime rule for 6 months. Without this legislation, the rule goes into effect on December 1, leaving employers scrambling to comply with the new rule and jeopardizing employees’ paychecks right before the holiday season—a very bad time. As a smallbusiness owner who has employed thousands of people, I know the challenges that the business community will face: moving salaried employees to hourly; trouble recruiting qualified, new hires to accept an hourly position; current employees’ time being spent monitoring the time clock; and, ultimately, the potential for hours to be cut and paychecks to dwindle. This is devastating to employees who have worked hard to earn a salaried position. They have earned this position 
to be salaried, and then to move to hourly? Many Americans will soon realize they have fewer job prospects, less flexibility in the workplace, and less opportunity to move up the economic ladder. In other words, those who can least afford it will be hit the hardest: small businesses, nonprofits, and educational institutions. I could stand here before this body, just as Congressman BYRNE did, and tell you stories of all the small businesses in my district and employees that have come to me to warn me of the struggles other employees and families will face because of this overtime rule. The President is enacting this rule a mere month before he is out of office to try and score cheap political points when he knows he won’t be here to clean up the mess. I have to say: I am ashamed, Mr. President. We need to take a step back and hit the pause button. Unsurprisingly, the administration has no plans to change the rule, so an extra 6month grace period is crucial to the wellbeing of our schools, small businesses, and nonprofits. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to respond. Mr. Speaker, I want to remind people that, of the people affected and the people that routinely work overtime, complying with the rule will add less than onetenth of 1 percent to U.S. payrolls. The costs to nonprofits and to higher education, way under 1 percent. And the time has been sufficient. The last time this rule was changed, they got significantly less time to comply, and that rule was even more complex than this one. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ), my friend and colleague on the committee. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, as we look at this bill, what is it about? It is saying that you have got to pay overtime to somebody who is making more than $47,000 a year. What will that mean? It will mean that employers will say: You had better get out of here; we can’t have you working more than 40 hours a week. That is what is going to happen. I am reminded of a buddy of mine back home in my district. His daughter had a new job working for salary. He told her: Always make sure you are the first person to show up in the morning and the last person to go home at night, and you will advance in that company. She was the first person to show up in the morning and the last person to go home at night, and she is having a very successful career by doing so. What this bill does is it is kind of an odd thing. It makes it against the law to work hard. Think about that gal now. Now she won’t be able to be the first person to show up in the morning and the last person to go home at night because her boss is going to say: Get out of here. It is part of a pattern we are, sadly, seeing from this administration of discouraging hard work. Just like ObamaCare, if you work more hours, then you wind up losing your ObamaCare subsidy. You had better not work hard. There is a plethora of welfare programs around here. I don’t care if it is the earned income tax credit, food stamps, lowincome housing, whatever; if you work hard, then you will lose your subsidy. We are doing all we can in this country to penalize the hardworking. Furthermore, think just on a dayto day basis what it means to you as an employee who has worked for salary. Let’s say you have to work on a project. It gets near 5 o’clock, and you are not satisfied with your work product. What are you supposed to do? Turn in a bad work product to your boss, or hang around another hour and do a good job? This, in essence, removes the choice from you: I have got to turn in a bad work product because my boss is going to kick me out of here at the end of 8 hours. So my final plea is this. Come, Republicans; come, Democrats, race to the Chamber and vote for the bill, H.R. 6094, and stand up for the hardworking of our society. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his advocacy on behalf of all working families in this country—not just today, but throughout his entire career. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill and in support of the updated overtime rule that will combat the exploitation of workers across America and put more money in their pockets. In 1938, Congress came together to pass the Fair Labor Standards Act, a bill that revolutionized opportunity for Americans by ensuring they were fairly compensated for their work and they would work in safe working conditions. One of the provisions in that piece of legislation was the creation of a 40 hour workweek. In addition, this legislation required employers to compensate employees at time and a half for hours worked beyond a 40hour workweek. It was a compromise. They went on to say that there is an exemption for protection of those workers who were considered white collar employees. As a result of their salary, their benefits, and their high level of work within an organization, they were exempt. Unfortunately, the wage level which determines who is exempt from these worker protections has been updated only once—only once—in the last 40 years. That is where the problem lies. The last time it was updated was in 2004, under Republican President Bush—a Republican President. Today, the threshold wherein an employee is exempt is $23,660. What this means is somebody making $24,000 a year is routinely required to work 45, 55, 65 hours a week with not just compensation for the overtime, but they are not needed to be paid at all because they are considered exempt employees. In other words, a family of four could be living under the poverty line and still be considered to earn too much money to be considered for overtime protections. Mr. Speaker, I support these rules because I know, when American families succeed, our country as a whole succeeds, including the entire business community. This is a partnership working together. This rule simply means updating our laws surrounding worker exploitation by simply adjusting that floor to keep up with inflation. This is not a Democratic or a Republican bill. This is a worker and business bill. Twelve years before the success of the Fair Labor Standards Act, Henry Ford created the 40hour workweek. Mr. Speaker, 117 years ago, Peter J. Maguire, the founder of Labor Day, went on to talk about just creating a 6 day workweek. This is very simple. The experiment with a $5 minimum wage, which today would be $15 an hour with inflation realized, Ford realized that, when his workers could afford to buy the cars they were making and to drive them, his business, his employees, and the economy would do better. Mr. Speaker, American workers have waited long enough to get a fair day’s day for a fair day’s work that they certainly deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to oppose this bill. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER .) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act, a bill I am proud to cosponsor. This important bill would provide a measure of relief not only for the thousands of small businesses and charitable institutions that would be negatively impacted by the Department of Labor’s overtime rule, but also the countless workers who depend on entry and midlevel employment opportunities. This rule hurt everyday Americans, raising the cost of living while reducing wages and incomes. Many of the individuals affected by this rule will be forced into parttime employment or be transitioned to jobs with lower hourly wages, no benefits, and no overtime at all. I have heard from a number of people in my district concerned about the impacts this onerous rule will have for 
them. A bank in my district will have to transition 13 of their salaried tellers on staff to hourly wage workers in order to assume the $129,000 in compliance costs they anticipate from this rule. Schools have expressed concerns that they will be forced to cut staff and limit the educational services of extracurricular activities they provide for our students. I have heard from faithbased and charitable institutions, too. These institutions often operate with fixed operating budgets and serve the most vulnerable in our society, yet this rule will impose similar financial and staffing burdens on them. A senior care group in my district, for example, has told me this rule will likely lead to a reduction in hiring, meaning fewer seniors will be able to get care. Mr. Speaker, for the countless families, small businesses, and communities that I serve, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill and delay this onerous rule. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), a good friend, who has a special take on this. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. We are at a crossroads in our country as we are still struggling to build up our economy after the last recession. Since then, businessowners have struggled to not only grow their companies, but also to provide for their employees. As a smallbusiness owner, I had both the company’s and my employees’ best interest in mind, as my employees were like a second family to me. I would have wanted nothing more than to ensure they are getting what they need and that they are fully compensated for all of their work. But this rule doesn’t do that. On the surface, this administration is painting this rule as a step forward for American workers, but it is not. Everyone from universities to nonprofits will feel the weight of this rule as they seek to rearrange schedules and reclassify employees so as to prevent compounding negative effects on their organizations. Universities and colleges will see a sharp jump in payrolls as they have to grapple with how to manage their existing personnel while trying to keep their institution on an upward trajectory. Tuitions will increase. Nonprofit organizations will have to reclassify workers as their annual budgets are stretched to the brink, resulting in a drop in services to the people who need it most. The Department of Labor spent the last 27 months working on this rule. Since its implementation, they have given businesses a 6month window to implement it. I have heard from countless companies, nonprofits, universities, and chambers of commerce who are extremely worried about the impact this will have on their operations. While this rule was intended to ensure employees see an increase in benefits, it will have the direct opposite effect. This bill would delay the rule for 6 months to allow for a longer look at its effects. It gives Congress more time to find a legislative solution. Mr. Speaker, I have always wanted the best for my employees, and this rule simply doesn’t do that. I applaud Congressman WALBERG , Chairman KLINE, and the Education and the Workforce Committee staff for their hard work in pulling this together. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the 40hour workweek used to mean something. It was installed many years ago so that people wouldn’t have to work 6 and 7 days a week, 10 or more hours a day. They could work 5 days a week, 8 hours, and have an opportunity to go home. Now the 40hour workweek only applies to 7 percent of salaried workers, and they can be forced to work 45, 50, 60 hours, with no additional pay. We have heard the impact on universities. I think the gentleman from Alabama said that it would cost the Alabama system $17 million. Well, their budget is $2.4 billion; $24 million would be 1 percent. b1930 If his number is right—$17 million— that is still way under 1 percent of their expenditures. But there are a lot of ways to comply with this rule without any cost at all. You can let people go home after 40 hours, or you can honestly restate their salary. If it is $30,000 and a lot of overtime, call it $20,000 and they have got to make $10,000 overtime. They will get the same amount at the end of the year at no cost to the employer, but an honest way to assess the salary. It wouldn’t cost anything. So there are ways of complying with this honestly that make the 40hour workweek mean something. The new rule only covers about a third of the salaried workers. It is a good rule. It should not be delayed. In fact, it is not being delayed. This is the first step in trying to defeat the rule. This bill should be defeated. Let the people get their salaries on December 1. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I want to remind my colleagues why this legislation is so important. We all agree our Nation’s overtime rules need to be modernized and worker protection should be strengthened. That is not what we are debating today. Small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges and universities play a critical role in our communities. Right now, they are struggling to implement a fundamentally flawed rule under an unrealistic deadline, and many don’t even know about the rule yet. At the very least, they deserve more time. More time would allow small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges and universities to make significant changes and mitigate the impact on workers, students, and individuals in need—for the positive, for the good. I urge my colleagues to provide that time, even if they stand by the Department’s overtime rule. A vote in support of the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act isn’t just commonsense; it is the right thing to do. Mr. Speaker, this is what we are intending to do. We are intending to do the best for our citizens, our employees, and our employers. Shouldn’t it be worth an additional 24 weeks to make sure that this is implemented to the positive? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 5578. An act to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a concurrent resolution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. Con. Res. 53. Concurrent Resolution directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325. f 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b2030 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 8 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE BILL H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–800) on the resolution (H. Res. 901) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE BILL H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 901 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 901 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325, the Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325, with 60 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I am always disappointed when we are forced to consider continuing resolutions, especially given the work this House has done in the appropriations process this fiscal year. For 2 years in a row, the House Appropriations Committee was able to complete all 12 appropriations bills— and complete them before the August recess. In addition, this House passed five appropriations bills. Unfortunately, just as in years past, Senate Democrats prevented consideration of many appropriations bills on the floor of that body. This leads us to the unfortunate situation of having to put forward a shortterm CR to fund the government through December 9. I hope that in the weeks and months ahead, the House, Senate, and the President can come to an agreement on a path forward which ensures we are not in this same position in December. At the same time, I am pleased that this amendment also includes a fully conferenced MILCONVA bill. The MILCONVA portion provides a 4 percent increase for the VA, additional resources to address the disability claims backlog, and contains a number of important oversight provisions to make certain our veterans receive the care that they deserve. The military construction portion provides $7.9 billion for military family housing, Guard and Reserve facilities, and military bases both in the United States and around the world. This ensures that we can sustain quality housing for 1.3 million military families. In addition, the MILCONVA bill maintains a provision which prohibits the closure of Guantanamo Bay and the construction of any facilities to house detainees in the United States or its territories. Importantly, Mr. Speaker, this amendment also provides a total of $1.1 billion to fight Zika and offsets $400 million of this spending. While I would have preferred offsetting the entire amount—and have supported legislation to do just that—I believe this is a reasonable compromise with both the Senate and the administration, both of whom initially proposed no offsets at all. When combined with funds already preprogramed by the administration for Zika response activities, the total available resources to respond to Zika equals $1.7 billion. This legislation provides the necessary funds for the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes of Health, the State Department, and USAID to develop vaccines and diagnostic tests for mosquito control and, in addition, provides healthcare resources to those areas experiencing the highest rates of Zika transmission, all while maintaining the Hyde amendment restrictions barring the use of taxpayer dollars for abortion services. I am encouraged by the hard work of Chairman ROGERS , Ranking Member LOWEY , and, of course, the Speaker, whose leadership has made all of this possible. While a CR is not the ideal vehicle, the alternative of a government shutdown is not what we have been sent here to Washington to do. Additionally, I am encouraged that we are finally returning to regular order and passing fullyear appropriations measures by the end of the fiscal year. This is the first time since fiscal year 2006, when we passed two bills by the end of the fiscal year, that we have passed any individual appropriations bills through both Chambers of the United States Congress by the September 30 deadline. While we have a long way to go, this is a good first step that we can hopefully build upon next year. I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the deadline for keeping the government running has been staring us all in the face for months. Yet, the majority is using martial law rule to rush the continuing resolution to the floor just 2 days before the weekend deadline. I wish we had spent the last 4 weeks properly debating the bill under regular order. Mr. Speaker, I am relieved that a reasonable compromise was reached on a bipartisan amendment to the Water Resources Development Act that will authorize funding for the people of Flint, Michigan, who have been forced to drink and bathe in poisoned water for years. As the only microbiologist in Congress, I can detail the many ways that this is a major public health failure. The children that have been impacted could suffer everything from neurodevelopmental damage to behavioral changes to anemia to hypertension. These are lifelong impacts, Mr. Speaker, along with a statistically higher risk of incarceration. This compromise is a positive step forward, but there is much more work 
to do at all levels of the government to get the resources needed to help the people of Flint and the United States. Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, the bill finally provides the resources to tackle the Zika virus more than 7 months after President Obama submitted his funding request to Congress to combat the spread of the virus and accelerate research into finding a vaccine. I am disappointed that this continues a poison pill that would prevent the Securities and Exchange Commission from moving forward with a rule requiring publicly traded companies to disclose their political spending. This is so important. I think the fact that spending is out of control, money comes in from everywhere and we don’t know how much, where it goes, and it is not a good thing for a democracy. I think it is nothing more than an attempt to hide from the American people the identities of the big corporate donors and probably people from all over the world who are sending money in here in hidden ways to affect our campaigns. If sunlight is the best disinfectant, then we certainly should have spread some sunlight on the SEC to be able to do what we had asked them to do. We are very concerned that electoral spending is increasingly being conducted in the dark. It is also disappointing that, despite overwhelming bipartisan, bicameral support, the continuing resolution fails to ensure that the ExportImport Bank is able to fully help businesses and workers across the country by restoring a board quorum to the bank. This continuing resolution is going to avert a crisis in the short term, but it is a clear demonstration of the failure of the majority to do the most basic job: fund the government. The majority has been so preoccupied with holding more than 60 votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act and investigating nonexistent scandals involving Planned Parenthood that they have allowed the body to lurch from crisis to crisis instead of enacting longterm appropriations. All the while, our infrastructure is crumbling and the cost of college education and college loans and the interest on them, which is crippling, is skyrocketing. Mr. Speaker, CBS News has highlighted that it costs the taxpayers an estimated $24 million a week to run the House of Representatives. It is abundantly clear that, under this leadership, taxpayers aren’t getting their money’s worth. Nonetheless, I am pleased to be here to be part of passing this tonight to prevent the awful crisis of a shutdown, and I think we have all learned lessons there. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by congratulating my friend and thanking her. I know she is committed to the resumption of regular order, and she has worked that way tirelessly. That is a goal that we share with our friends on the other side of the aisle. I think it is worth pointing out that you can’t have regular order in the House if you don’t have regular order in the Senate. The real reason we are here is because the Senate has refused consistently to take up appropriations bills that have been passed by this House. At some point, you simply quit passing the bills because the Senate isn’t going to deal with you. Once we finally have a Senate that will work in regular order—and I hope we do at the beginning of next January—perhaps we can overcome this and get back to the system that I know my friend from New York and I want to see on this floor: passing each individual appropriations bill, doing so in a way that Members can participate, conferences with our friends in the Senate, and then moving forward. As to Zika, I think it is worth pointing out that nothing has not been done for lack of money. The reality is, when the administration made its initial request for Zika funds, they immediately received a letter from Chairman ROGERS, from Subcommittee Chairman GRANGER on StateForeign Operations, and from myself, saying: Look, we know this is an emergency. We agree with you. You have billions of dollars of funds. Start spending that money—a bowl of money, socalled—and we will replace that money. Frankly, they have done that, to their credit. They set aside $600 million, not all of which has been spent, but that was the responsible thing to do, as Congress studied and look at this problem. Chairman ROGERS actually led a codel that went to Brazil, Peru, and some of the areas that have suffered from this disease, and we have continued to work. We have twice put on this floor hundreds of millions of dollars for Zika response that our friends on the other side didn’t see fit to vote for. Zika didn’t get funded because, frankly, our friends just simply didn’t want to pay for it. That has actually been the essence of the dispute, in my opinion. It has not been about Zika. It has been about whether or not you pay for Zika. The original request from the administration was for $1.9 billion over a 2 year period to come out of StateForeign Operations and LaborHHS, two committees that, in that same period, have $425 billion to spend. It is not hard to pay for $1.9 billion out of $425 billion. Still, at the end of the day, my friend is absolutely correct: we are here. We have not failed to do anything, but we do need to provide a framework to go forward with guaranteed continuity. I am pleased and proud this does that. Frankly, we reserve the option next fiscal year to look at actually covering other parts of the unfunded spending on Zika. b2045 In terms of the ExportImport Bank, I am going to agree with my friend. I don’t know that this was the appropriate vehicle, but I think the point she makes is exactly right. We need to restore this particular institution to full functioning. That has been a matter of some partisan debate, but, actually, I agree with my friends. I support the ExportImport Bank, and I think we need to reestablish it. And if we could have done it in this bill, that would have been fine with me. But I trust the people that negotiated the final product, and they did try to remove a lot of issues that were controversial and divisive so that, hopefully, we could get a substantial majority of both parties to vote for continuing the government. I want to end by saying that, again, I want to invite our friends in the Senate to participate in regular order. In some ways they have done that. I want to give them credit for last year and this year passing all 12 appropriations bills at least through the full committee level. But it was a decision by their leadership not to allow those bills to come to the floor that actually gummed up the works. It is not anything that was done in the House. Indeed, we didn’t give up on that process until it became abundantly clear that the Senate wasn’t going to move. We are now, however, at the last moment. My friend is correct in that. I am pleased that we have negotiated together in good faith, frankly, within this body, across the rotunda with the other body, and with the administration, to arrive at something that will get us through the election and give us the time when we return from the election to sit down. In that period of time, I want to commit to my friend that I will be looking forward to working with her and her colleagues to make sure we fully finish the appropriations process. There are some in this body that don’t want to do that. They want to simply CR or do a continuing resolution to some point in the future next year, dumping off the work of this Congress and this administration on the next administration and the next Congress. That would be a big mistake, in my opinion. I know my friend feels exactly the same way, so I commit to her, I will do everything I can on my side of the aisle—I know she will on her side—to make sure that we continue the full appropriations process, and we make sure fiscal year 2017 is funded. The new administration, when it shows up, is going to have a lot to do, whoever that person is. They are going to have to advance their agenda. They are going to have to name the Cabinet members. They are going to have to get them confirmed. They are going to have to write a budget for FY18 by the middle of February. We will have a debt ceiling crisis in March, and we 
will have, frankly, the sequester to deal with which, like Halley’s Comet, will return on schedule on time. That is plenty for a new President and a new Congress to do. I would hope we do our job in the so called lameduck session and make sure that they don’t have the additional task of picking up and doing the work that this Congress and this President should have done on their own. So my friend is right on that point. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives has been in session for the last 4 weeks, more than enough time to properly debate the continuing resolution under regular order. But, instead, we have taken up a lot of oneHouse bills that will never become law. Mr. Speaker, you can’t run the United States Government in 3month tranches. The majority should get back to focusing on the issues the American people care about, like repairing our roads and bridges and bringing down the cost of college education. Also, let’s end the brinksmanship that my colleague spoke of—and I accept his offer to work and look forward to working with him—and the temporary stopgap measures and the threats of a government shutdown always hanging over us by getting back to enacting longterm appropriations. That is something that I would be happy to join him in because, frankly, what we have done now is no way to run our government. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to begin by thanking my good friend for her debate and her cooperation and her hard work in this exercise that has been genuinely valuable and significant. And I want to agree with her basic point. We need to do our business. I wish it would have all been done by this point. It has extended into the period after the election, but that is a place that I hope we finish our business. I know my friend will be working to that end; certainly, I will as well. Mr. Speaker, passage of this legislation is critical to prevent a government shutdown, to provide the necessary funds to address the Zika virus, and to demonstrate to the American people that Congress can actually govern. While I would have much preferred considering 12 individual appropriations bills, I am encouraged that at least one fully conferenced bill is included in the legislation before us today. So I want to urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid upon the table. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 5325, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 901, I call up the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act’’. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
The following sums in this Act are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. 
Croughton, United Kingdom, unless authorized in an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military construction. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE WIDE 
‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, servicedisabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $124,504,000, to remain available until expended, of which $107,899,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2017, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $198,856,000. 
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $36,000, as authorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,517,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $389,000, which may be paid to the appropriation for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at nonDepartment facilities, $7,246,181,000, plus reimbursements, of which $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and, in addition, $9,409,118,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, $1,500,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and research activities, as authorized by law; administrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,654,480,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facilities of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property acquisition and disposition, construction, and renovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of temporary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $247,668,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $5,434,880,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $675,366,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic research specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $286,193,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Departmentwide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $345,391,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domiciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for furnishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organizations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS ’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (oneforone replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when required by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  VETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $30,945,000: Provided, That $2,500,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described, and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL CEMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a oneforone basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Rogers of Kentucky moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 901, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325. This legislation includes the fiscal year 2017 continuing resolution and fullyear appropriations for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs. It also includes funding to fight and prevent the spread of the Zika virus and assistance to communities affected by recent, devastating floods. This is a reasonable and necessary compromise that will keep the government open and operating, address urgent needs across the country, and provide the necessary support for our servicemembers, their families, and our veterans. First and foremost, Mr. Speaker, this bill helps us avoid the unwarranted damage of a government shutdown by providing the funds required to keep the government open and operational past our September 30 deadline. The funding is provided at the current rate of $1.067 trillion and lasts through December 9. This short timeframe will allow Congress to complete our annual appropriations work without jeopardizing important government functions. Secondly, the package contains the fullyear Military ConstructionVA bill for FY17, which was conferenced by the House and Senate and passed by the House already in June. In total, $82.5 billion is provided for our military infrastructure and veterans’ health and benefits programs, $2.7 billion above current levels, with targeted increases to address mismanagement and improve operations at the VA. It is important to note that, once the President signs this bill into law, it will be the first time since 2009 that an individual appropriations bill has been conferenced with the Senate and enacted before the September 30 fiscal year deadline. Third, this legislation includes $1.1 billion in funding to respond to and stop the spread of the Zika virus. This funding is directed to programs that control mosquitoes, develop vaccines, and treat those affected. This funding is spent responsibly, balanced by $400 million in offsets of unused funding from other programs. Lastly, this legislation includes important provisions that address current national needs, including an additional $37 million to fight the opioid epidemic, which has struck my district especially hard, and an additional $500 million in disasterdesignated funding to help States recover and rebuild from recent destructive flooding. I believe this legislation is a good compromise that this House can and should support. It is not perfect, but it ensures we meet our Nation’s current critical needs. I have said many times before, standing in this exact spot, that a continuing resolution is a last resort. But at this point, it is what we must do to fulfill our congressional responsibility to keep the lights on in our government. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this necessary legislation so we can send it to the President’s desk without delay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the 2017 continuing resolution. Seven months after President Obama requested emergency assistance to respond to the Zika virus, it is long past time for Congress to act. The $1.1 billion provided equals the total funding the Senate passed by a vote of 89–8 in May. The continuing resolution includes the fullyear 2017 appropriations bill for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, providing $82.7 billion to address the needs of those who have served our Nation in uniform, as well as construction costs necessary to supportive and reserve components of the military and their families. 
It extends current Federal spending rates through December 9, which is sufficient time for Congress to negotiate and enact an omnibus consisting of each of the remaining 11 appropriations bills. I object to the inclusion of $400 million in rescissions in this CR, which could lead some to believe, incorrectly, that emergency spending should be offset or will be in the future. I also object to the continuation of a rider shielding corporate political spending from public disclosure. During the lameduck session, Congress must enact a Water Resources Development Act conference report that includes robust funding to respond to the manmade disaster in Flint, as well as emergency funding to respond to the natural disaster in Louisiana. I intend to vote for this continuing resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HONDA ), the ranking member of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, we know the Republican majority wants to adjourn and go home, but we shouldn’t be going home until the work is done. Americans understand that concept. They stay and work until the job is done. So why don’t the Republicans? Here we are, once again, voting on another continuing resolution just hours before a devastating government shutdown. The last shutdown in 2013 cost the American taxpayers $2 billion. Now, that is a lot of money that was wasted because Republicans refused to do their jobs. That was money that could have been used to tackle the Zika outbreak or the water issues in Flint or provide muchneeded assistance to flood victims in Louisiana. In this lastminute CR, Republicans are finally letting us address Zika. That is after months of ignoring this serious issue. We could have—should have—done better. The pregnant women and children infected with Zika deserve better. The same goes for Flint. After thousands of children are poisoned by lead, we finally have some assurances that the contaminated water supply will be addressed. I am proud to have fought alongside my Democratic colleagues to make sure these children would not continue to be the victims of politics. Even the one job Congress is required to do— fund the government—the majority won’t let us do. Today’s CR does not actually amount to Republicans doing their job. We are simply kicking the can down the road and setting up for another eleventh hour BandAid like tonight to, once again, avert a government shutdown in December. We can do better. We are elected to do better—and better will simply be doing our jobs. That is all the American people want from us. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding and wish to engage the gentleman from Kentucky, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, in a colloquy. Before I ask the chairman my question, I want to recognize his efforts for reaching an agreement on a package to fund the government through December 9 and include interim aid to the August 2016 flood victims in south Louisiana. Early last month, the people of south Louisiana experienced an extraordinary flood event, about a 1,000year rain event. To put it in perspective, 7 trillion gallons of water fell in about 48 hours. That is roughly the same amount of water discharged by the entire Mississippi River system into the Gulf of Mexico over the course of about 80 days. If you live up North, that equates to somewhere in the vicinity of about 25 feet of snow in 36 hours. If you live in Arizona, in some areas, that is up to 10 years of cumulative rainfall. As many as 110,000 homes and more than 100,000 vehicles were damaged. All told, more than 20,000 people were rescued, 10,000 sheltered, and 13 lost their lives. Early estimates predict that this disaster will cost upward of $15 billion in economic damages, and FEMA estimates this will be the fourth most costly flood disaster in U.S. history. Over the past several weeks, the gentleman from Kentucky and I have discussed the flood and the extraordinary impact on our State several times. During those meetings, we discussed the devastating impact I just spoke of and the need for both immediate unmet needs assistance as well as a comprehensive strategy and solution to provide the people of south Louisiana certainty that Congress will address their longterm needs when we return after the election. During those discussions, we discussed—and you acknowledged—that dire situation so many are facing and will face in the coming weeks in south Louisiana—that of handing over their keys and walking away or sticking it out knowing that Congress may provide them with a hand up. Mr. Chairman, families are facing foreclosure, businesses are facing bankruptcy, and local communities are struggling to provide basic services such as policing, fire protection, and schooling, among others. The disaster funding provided through this legislation, though helpful, will not address all of the financial challenges our community is facing. That is why I want to engage the chairman tonight. Mr. Chairman, thousands are facing bankruptcy, foreclosure, elevation of homes, need for flood protection, and other financial challenges as a result of the August flood event in south Louisiana. Is it your intent, as we discussed, to deliver a package to address the needs of our local communities who desperately need it when we return? Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I salute the gentleman from Louisiana, who has been tirelessly working to help the people in his district and the State of Louisiana for the terrible disaster that has stricken that State. I thank you for your efforts to share information about this with me and the committee regarding the devastating impacts of the flood. Many of the Members of Congress from across the country that you led to the flooded areas have also reached out to us advocating for assistance to Louisiana. It is my intention to work with the White House, my colleagues in the Senate, as well as our respective leadership teams over the coming weeks to head off the personal and fiscal calamity so many are facing in south Louisiana. Sir, you have my commitment to work towards that end. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. The commitment to work toward additional recovery dollars and assistance is the difference between a viable recovery and a decadeslong struggling effort in south Louisiana, and I want to thank Chairman ROGERS for his commitment. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this continuing resolution, though I prefer fullyear funding for all of the government rather than just through December 9. It is good that this bill funds veterans and military construction programs through next year. While I am pleased that the bill includes $1.1 billion for the Zika public health emergency, I am very disappointed that this funding comes 7 months after the President’s emergency request and is $800 million short. Zika is a public health crisis that has waited too long to be funded. Congress should have provided this funding before local transmission began in Florida and in Puerto Rico. Zika is long from over, and we will need to provide additional resources to combat the Zika virus in the future. In the interim, this supplemental does address some critical Zikarelated 
needs in the U.S. and its territories. It includes $126 million for healthcare services, including, yes, contraceptive services for Puerto Rico and the territories to help nearly 20,000 people infected with Zika, including more than 1,300 pregnant women. Another $400 million in the Zika supplemental is for advanced research and development at NIH and BARDA, which will support clinical trials of vaccine candidates and advanced diagnostics. I am pleased that State and local health departments, which are under severe financial strain, will be reimbursed for $44 million that was taken from their budgets earlier this year. I am disappointed that we are not providing the people of Flint, Michigan, with immediate relief after failing to provide emergency resources for over a year. While I support quickly providing emergency assistance to Louisiana, we should do the same to assist the people of Flint—9,000 children, lead poisoning. I hope that the chairman will have that same commitment to Flint, Michigan, as he does to Louisiana. I am also disappointed that this bill contains almost half a percent across theboard funding cuts. We can and must do better going forward. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT), the chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and the author of the bill that is before us now. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, the continuing resolution before you includes, in Division A, the fullyear appropriations for Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies for fiscal year 2017. Division A is exactly the same as the MILCONVA conference report that was approved by the House on June 23. Thanks to the leadership of Chairman ROGERS ; Mrs. L OWEY , the ranking member, and the partnership of the subcommittee ranking member, SANFORD BISHOP , the gentleman from Georgia, this conference report was negotiated with the Senate and will provide necessary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs and military construction projects. This conference report demonstrates our firm commitment to fully supporting our Nation’s veterans and servicemembers and their families. The total investment is $82.5 billion for Military Construction, VA, and Related Agencies—$2.6 billion over last year’s level. This bill provides comprehensive support for servicemembers, military families, and veterans. It supports our troops with the facilities and services necessary to maintain readiness and morale at bases here in the States and, of course, overseas. It provides for Defense Department schools and health clinics that take care of our military families. The bill funds our veteran healthcare systems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sacrificed in defense of this great Nation continues as those men and women return home. We owe this to our veterans and are committed to sustained oversight so that programs deliver what they promise and taxpayers are well served by the investments we make. On the military construction side, the bill provides a total of $7.9 billion for military construction projects and family housing, including base and overseas contingency operations, OCO, funding—an increase of $282 million over the President’s request. This funding meets DOD’s most critical needs, including priority projects for the combatant commanders and funding new mission requirements. It provides $304 million for military medical facilities. It provides $246 million for Defense Department education facilities, for construction or renovation of four schools. It supports our Guard and Reserve through $673 million for facilities in 21 States. It funds military family housing at $1.3 billion. It provides $178 million for the NATO Security Investment Program, which is $43 million over last year’s level, to deal with the increasing threats and necessary investments overseas. On the VA side, the legislation includes a total of $74.4 billion in discretionary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is $2.9 billion above the fiscal year 2016. VA medical services, the bill funds VA medical services at $58.8 billion. Many Members expressed concerns about medical services, and we were able to fully fund the budget request for hepatitis C at $1.5 billion—and I believe that is about 70,000 veterans who will be treated for hepatitis C—veteran homelessness at $1.6 billion, longterm care at $8.6 billion, Office of the Inspector General at $160 million, and caregiver stipends at $735 million, $10 million over the request. For disability claims, we provide $30 million over the request for the Veterans Benefits Administration, which is a $148 million increase over fiscal year 2016, and the full request for the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, which is about a $46 million increase. The bill will enhance transparency and accountability at the VA through further oversight and an increase for the VA Office of Inspector General’s independent audits and investigations. The legislation also contains $260 million for the modernization of the VA electronic health record and includes language restricting the funding until the VA meets milestones and certifies interoperability to meet statutory requirements. This, of course, is a major priority for the committee. I know the chairman and the ranking member have spoken at length about the integrated health record, and we have to get this done. Major construction—we continue to focus on major construction oversight and maintain strict requirements, including holding back 100 percent of the funding for the largest construction projects until VA meets our requirements. We include bill language requiring improved standards for the suicide hotline and certification of mental health therapists to expand access for veterans who need their care. We include major new whistleblower protections for VA employees to avoid retribution for the employees. In closing, this is a very solid, bipartisan bill that is focused on the needs of servicemembers, veterans, and all their families. We are $2.6 billion—$2.6 billion with a B—over the fiscal year 2016 level; more than a 3 percent increase. We have provided for our military and veterans to the very best level we can in a manner that is fiscally responsible within the constraints of the Budget Act we adopted last year. We are going to do a lot of good with this bill. It is fair, it is balanced, and it is generous. On behalf of our servicemembers, military families, and veterans, I urge support of this legislation. Let’s take care of those who sacrificed so much for our country. I urge support of the resolution with an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Once again, I thank the chair, the ranking member, and Mr. BISHOP for all their support of this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. I am so pleased that Mr. BISHOP and Chairman DENTwere able to craft such an outstanding bill to really support our veterans who have served us with such distinction. b2115 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, division A of the MILCON/VA portion provides robust funding for military construction and provides adequate funding for both the Active and Reserve components. I was pleased the bill provides $35 million above the FY17 budget request to help speed up the cleanup of former Defense Department sites within the Base Realignment and Closure Account. The bill provides $74.4 billion, $3 billion above the FY16enacted level in discretionary funding for VA programs. I believe that these resources will have a profound impact on the lives of our Nation’s veterans. A couple of VA items that I want to highlight are the $1.5 billion for hepatitis C treatment, which is $840 million above the President’s request. In addition, the bill includes $78 million for the Veterans Crisis Line and, 
overall, $173 million for suicide prevention. Furthermore, language is included that requires certain professional standards for the suicide hotline. This is a topic that many Members on both sides of the aisle were concerned about, and I think that we have taken some important steps for it to function better. Mr. Speaker, the funding provided will help the Department of Veterans Affairs provide better care and better service to our veterans. I believe that the resources provided in the bill will help lead to the elimination of a claims backlog, which is now under $75,000, down from a high of $650,000. The bill includes healthy funding for the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, the bill carries the authorization for several major construction projects that were previously funded. I believe it is past time to get these projects going because the demand on the VA is going to grow. As I stated earlier, the MILCON/VA portion of this package is a good one and is one that I think we can all be proud of. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman ROGERS , Ranking Member LOWEY , and my colleague and friend Chairman DENT for their hard work on this bill. I couldn’t have asked for better partners in conducting our business and fashioning a bipartisan bill. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and for joining me in pushing for us to reach the point that we have, where we now have not all the funding we need, but $1.1 billion to finally fight the Zika virus without also fighting the political weight that had weighed it down for many, many months. While I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2017 continuing resolution, I also rise to express my significant objections to the delay in bringing this bill to the floor with funds to attack the Zika virus. In south Florida, we have waited more than 7 months for congressional Republicans to drop their political games and approve funding to stop the spread of the Zika virus. South Florida, as many probably know by now, is the epicenter for this virus. And yesterday, the Florida Department of Health confirmed its 900th case of the Zika virus. Despite this hefty toll, Congressional Republicans repeatedly put partisan politics before women’s health care and inserted a provision in the Zika bills that would have cut off funding for Planned Parenthood. My Republican colleagues spent much of the past 9 months firm in their belief that the most appropriate response to a virus that overwhelmingly affects pregnant women was to place a politically motivated ban on funding for reproductive health care, and that was unacceptable. This is shameful conduct that hurt women all across Florida and Puerto Rico. And while some may praise today’s agreement as a breakthrough and the end of our action on Zika, I must warn my colleagues that the mosquitos that carry the Zika virus do not know if they are biting a Republican or a Democrat, they don’t know whether they are in Florida or Georgia or Michigan or Louisiana or any other State, or whether Congress has passed an eleventhhour stopgap funding bill. They simply bite you and infect you with Zika. And because of that risk, our work in defeating this virus is far from over. We must drop the politics and stop playing politics with women’s health. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee for yielding. And I thank her for her great work being involved in the appropriations process, which I shared with her for many years, but a place where so many of our values are reflected by how we allocate our resources. I particularly want to thank Congresswoman NITA LOWEY , Congresswoman DEBBIE WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Congresswoman R OSA DELAURO for their relentless, persistent, constant advocacy for this Flint money. As you know, Mr. Speaker, it was February when President Obama sent over a request for $1.9 billion to address the Zika crisis. This was an amount of money based on expert advice and was related to scientific evidence. It related to how we would do research for a vaccine, how we would do vector control, how we would do prevention, and, as our colleagues have mentioned, how we address the issue that this is a very unusual situation because it is sexually transmitted, and we had the obstacle of saying no contraception, which held us up for awhile. So today, finally, we come to the floor, and I think it is very important that we take the action that we do. But I do want to remind you that $1.1 billion is still $800 million short of the $1.9 billion the President requested. Some of that other money was taken from the Ebola resources, which were sorely needed, and continue to be needed there. So while this is an important, giant step, it is not complete in terms of what we need to do. The continuing resolution before us must recognize that more than 23,000 Americans, including almost 2,100 pregnant women, have been infected with Zika. The bill falls short, as I said, of the $1.9 billion that top public health officials said is the full amount required to protect American communities. But I would say this. I think there are some good intentions in a bipartisan way of the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee and others, working with Congresswoman LOWEY , Congresswoman DELAURO , and Congresswoman WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , to think in terms of anticipation rather than reaction that perhaps we could have a FEMA like fund for disasters of this kind that affect the public health. The public health system is a strength of our country, and when it is threatened, we must have the resources to protect it. So perhaps out of this long delay, one of the things that could come together is a conversation that says, let’s have FEMAlike biomedical research, whatever it happens to be, reaction to a public health emergency that enables us to do the research necessary to protect the public health of the American people. Earlier tonight, the House took an important, long overdue step toward addressing a manmade disaster in Flint, Michigan. The success of the Flint amendment is a tribute to the leadership of Congressman DANKILDEE , who has been an absolute lion—a lion— for the children and families of Flint throughout this crisis. Thanks to Congressman KILDEE , we have sent a message of hope to the people of Flint. It is my hope that in the HouseSenate WRDA conference, we can move forward the Flint assistance that overwhelmingly passed the Senate by 95–3 earlier this month. With strong bipartisan support, the amendment passed earlier this month. While we would have preferred to deliver those funds to the children of Flint in this bill, we are at least on a path to meaningful action, and that is important to mention. In this bill—and our distinguished chairman made this reference, and certainly our distinguished ranking member on the committee, Mr. BISHOP , made the point about what the bill contains to increase the funding for the military and veteran caregivers. So much is in this bill about veterans. And as they say in the military, on the battlefield, we leave no soldier behind; and when they come home, we leave no veteran behind. So many in this room on both sides of the aisle have been champions in that, and certainly our ranking member, Mr. BISHOP . I particularly want to highlight that in this bill, we have increased funding for our military and veteran caregivers, strengthening the support for America’s hidden heroes. The hidden heroes were named such by Senator, Secretary—she carries many titles— Elizabeth Dole. Yesterday, in the United States Capitol Visitor Center theater, hundreds of 
caregivers of our military and veteran families came together to talk about the shared challenges that they have to be engaged in a Hidden Heroes launch, the launching of cities in conjunction with the actions of the Hidden Heroes initiative. I am proud to be a cochair with the Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus with Senator MCCAINand Senator REEDon the Senate side and our chairman, Congressman JEFF MILLER , on the House side. In this bill, there is $10 million to boost the VA caregivers initiatives that will help address the increasing demand on VA services as servicemembers continue to come home to their families. Hidden heroes, do you know how many there are? 5.5 million military and veteran caregivers in our country. How these families raise their children, care for their loved ones, siblings, spouses, children is remarkable, and this legislation recognizes that need to assist with training and all. We must ensure that the VA can meet the demand of a growing population of caregivers, hiring more staff and coordinators to make sure veterans and their families, friends, and loved ones get the services they earned and deserve. With this CR, we will keep the government open and prevent any selfinflicted wounds to our economy that had been inflicted before. I want to especially thank our ranking member, NITALOWEY , for her leadership in helping to craft this bipartisan path forward. I thank our distinguished chairman for his leadership. I extend my gratitude to the Speaker for us coming together to address the issue of Flint, which has enabled us to come forward in this legislation. For that reason, I will be supporting this legislation. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a member of the Homeland Security Committee and the Judiciary Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me associate myself with the words of our leader. Let me also thank Ranking Member LOWEY , all of the appropriators, and the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. This is a terrible time to shut the government down. So I rise today to support this CR for a number of reasons. A few months ago, in Houston, Texas, I organized the regional Zika Virus Task Force. The committee members, representing public and private health professionals, talked about active surveillance, were concerned about the number of infections among pregnant women, and talked as well about the issue of mosquito control, research, and a vaccination. b2130 I am glad that some of the funds here will be able to help us in dealing with these issues—long overdue. Coming from a floodridden State, let me say that I appreciate the funding for Baton Rouge. I thank those who were involved, particularly CEDRIC RICHMOND , who, on our side of the aisle, worked so very hard. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I also want to make mention of the Flint dollars. We have worked very hard with the Michigan delegation on the issue of Flint funding. I am glad that the amendment of Mr. KILDEE and others passed in the WRDA bill, but we must deal with that question as well. Where we are is that we are keeping hardworking employees and government services going. We are helping our veterans. We are making sure health services are going forward. We are making sure the necessary facilities that our public uses will be open. What a shame to have closed a number of these facilities that are so important. As we go forward, in coming from Houston and in having experienced the tax day floods and the Memorial Day floods, I am looking forward to working with the appropriators for funding—that will help us do a massive study on the bayous in the region— with an amendment that I have submitted to the energy and water bill. Finally, I would say that it is time that we recognize that government worked for the American people, and what we have to do is not borrow to pay Paul. We should have given the $1.9 billion in Zika funding. It is $1.1 billion, but I think we can do better, and I hope we will do so. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distinguished whip of the House and a champion for the people in his State and in his district during their devastating floods. Mr. SCALISE. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his leadership in bringing this critical piece of legislation forward. Mr. Speaker, I specifically want to talk about the important language that is in this bill to help the people of south Louisiana recover from the devastating flooding that we saw last month. Over 100,000 houses were damaged, and thousands of families are still making the decision of whether or not they are going to be able to rebuild. This legislation gives them not only hope but a serious down payment so that people will know that the Federal Government is there to help them get back in their homes and rebuild their communities at such a vital stage. We saw so many positive things come out of the resiliency of the people of Louisiana. You saw the Cajun Navy— citizens—just helping their fellow neighbors, saving people’s lives over and over again, and faithbased organizations coming together. When you see the worst of times, like we did during that tragic flooding, you also see the best in people, and this bill makes a serious down payment to help those people get back in their homes and rebuild their communities. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill so that we can do the work of the people of this great Nation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I inquire of the gentleman from Kentucky if he has any further requests for time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, for all of these reasons that you have heard tonight, we need to pass this bill to keep the government operating—and keep the lights on in the government—and to provide the assistance to the Nation’s needs, as you have heard described here. I urge the adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, it is disappointing that, once again, Republican leaders have failed to complete the appropriations process on time, and decided that critical government funding decisions can be delayed until December. While I will vote for tonight’s Continuing Resolution so that our government can keep functioning, I will cast my vote in the hope that Congress will act in December to pass an omnibus spending bill that does more to create jobs, bolster paychecks, improve our infrastructure, and keep our country safe. The CR includes a badly needed and longoverdue $1.1 billion to fund our fight against the Zika virus. While I would have preferred a bill that funded President Obama’s $1.9 billion Zika request, the funding in this resolution is an important first step in helping us to combat Zika’s terrible threat. In addition, I am pleased that Republican leaders agreed to stop tying this funding to partisan political tactics, such as gutting the Clean Water Act. However, I am concerned about several elements of the CR. For example, it hobbles the ExportImport Bank’s ability to help American businesses and workers and it prevents the Securities and Exchange Commission from making public companies’ political spending more transparent. Again, I will vote for this CR to keep government doors open. I hope the December omnibus will address the defects I described, and endeavor on many fronts to make our nation more prosperous and secure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 901, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS). 
The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by 5minute votes on the passage of H.R. 6094 and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 342, nays 85, not voting 5, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Babin Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Conyers Davidson DeFazio DesJarlais Dingell Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Flores Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Griffith Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) Labrador LaHood Lawrence Levin Long Marchant Marino Massie McDermott Meadows Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Palmer Pearce Perry Pitts Pompeo Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Stutzman Walker Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Westmoreland Williams Wittman 
b2156 Messrs. ROSKAM, CONYERS, and RUSSELL changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. HURT of Virginia, LAMBORN, ROUZER, and POSEY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 573. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO ANNE BRADBURY (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I have the bittersweet task tonight of paying tribute to a valued member of our team, one of the most widely respected people in this institution. That is our director of floor operations, Anne Bradbury. As many Members now know, this is her last week on the job. When we return in November, this House will convene without Anne on the floor for the first time in 11 years. It was Speaker John Boehner who had the good sense to hire Anne for this post, and it is not hard to figure out why he did that. She is just absolutely first class, the absolute consummate professional, always focused on getting the job done. There may be times when we get hung up on small things, trying to figure out what the heck just happened on the floor, and she is always out there working on the plan for the next steps a mile ahead of everybody else. When everybody else is thinking short term, she is out there thinking long term, and not only in terms of this vote or that bill, but how to protect this institution. Anne Bradbury has been here for 11 years, protecting both the majority and the minority. She fights for this House as an institution, and I am sure that Leader PELOSI and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) would agree with that. As for me, Anne, I hope you thought through how this is a huge inconvenience for me. Who am I going to call when we are in a jam? Who do we get to take all the chocolate that is gifted to our office every day? Anne has been such an indispensable help to us, especially taking the job in the middle of a session, not having experience doing something like this. I just can’t conceive of having gone through this past year without this brilliant woman. The last point I want to make is this. To do such a big job so well for so long, as Anne has, takes certain things. It takes a really thick skin, for one, but it takes a very, very deep desire to serve, and you have to have the support of the ones that you love. Anne has two great boys, John and Clayton, and they are 7 and 8 years old—great kids. On so many nights, just like this night tonight, they have had to share their mom with us. We owe them a debt of gratitude. And I want to say on behalf of every single Member of the House of Representatives: Anne Bradbury, thank you for serving this institution. Thank you for serving the people’s House. You will be sorely missed. 
b2200 It is my pleasure to yield to the distinguished leader, Mr. HOYER . Mr. HOYER. I thank the Speaker for yielding. Anne, apparently my colleagues did not understand the gravity of this occasion, the solemnness of this occasion, and they did not dress accordingly, apparently. Anne, I want you to know that I just left the Crown Prince of Denmark and Princess Mary because I told them I had to come see Queen Anne. I have risen before and talked about our extraordinary staff, the people who really make this institution what it wants to be. They are the best of us, whether they are at the desk, whether they are with the Sergeant at Arms, whether they are recording our debates; and the best of them who has one of the toughest jobs is to help us, as the Speaker has said, manage this floor. Sitting next to me is Shuwanza Goff. She is the floor director on our side. You cannot leave. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I tried that. Mr. HOYER. Anne, as the Speaker so well said, serves us all. Shuwanza does as well because their job, as the Speaker has so well stated, is to help make this institution work in a democratic nation to make our citizens proud. Very frankly, if they knew the work of Anne Bradbury and others who work on this floor, the level of their pride would be much higher than sometimes it is, because they are people of extraordinary ability, great reticence and fairness in dealing with Members, all 435 of us. Anne, you have been a shining example of the best that is in this House. You have always been quick to share your views as to what needed to be done. You were always fair when any of us talked to you—I know, when I talked to you. There were differences, of course, as one would expect, but there was no acrimony. There was no judgment. There was simply an attempt to make sure that this institution was working well. Anne, we will miss you. The Speaker, as he says, will be inconvenienced. We will be sad, and we will be a lesser place for your leaving. You also worked with my chief of staff, Alexis Covey Brandt, who was at one point in time the floor director. Both Shuwanza and Alexis have unrestrained respect and affection for you. You have made us all better. Whatever you do in the future, I know you will bring the same quality, the same commitment, the same energy, the same judgment, the same fairness, and they will be advantaged, as we have been. Godspeed. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I thank the whip. REGULATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6 month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 177, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Carter (TX) Cramer Grijalva Hanna Kirkpatrick Payne Poe (TX) Rush 
b2214 Mr. HUFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 5325 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table (S. Con. Res. 53) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 53 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), That, in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 5325, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following correction to the title so as to read: ‘‘Making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REMEMBERING ARNOLD PALMER (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last Sunday, we said goodbye to a true American hero, not just in the golf world but in American life. Arnold Palmer was larger than life, both on and off the golf course. After learning to play golf at age 4, he never quit and changed the sport forever. The ‘‘King,’’ as he was known, had 62 victories on the PGA Tour, including 7 majors and 10 on the Champions Tour, not to mention his own signature drink that delighted the masses for generations. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of representing the 12th District of Georgia and the good people who live and work there. Georgia’s 12th Congressional District is home to the Augusta National, which hosts the most famous Masters tournament. In Augusta, we consider Arnold Palmer one of our own. He won the coveted green jacket four times: 1958, 1960, 1962, and 1964. He took the Masters and golf to a whole new level in the sports world. The Masters will never be the same. Like Tiger Woods said, ‘‘It’s hard to imagine golf without him.’’ I am not sure we even want to. Arnie’s Army mourns together. We remember the king of golf, the legendary Arnold Palmer. Arnie, you will be sorely missed. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RODNEY NOEL ELLIS, SR. (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of the late Mr. Rodney Noel Ellis, Sr., a dedicated public servant and immediate past president of the North Carolina Association of Educators. Throughout his entire career, Rodney was a talented teacher and a steadfast advocate for North Carolina’s students and educators, who worked relentlessly to improve public schools and fought tirelessly for equal and quality education. A cherished friend and confidant, I never met anyone who worked harder or gave more than Rodney Ellis. He will not only be remembered as our champion for education and kids, but as a dedicated and devoted family man who loved his wife and five children. He was an inspiration. His loss will be felt throughout our entire State. Rodney was a titan with a gentile spirit and a heart of gold. North Carolina has lost one of her most extraordinary educators and one of her greatest leaders. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with Rodney’s family, his friends, and our community. 
b2220 BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we approach October to recognize Breast Cancer Awareness Month. The statistics are sobering: one in eight women will get breast cancer in her lifetime. After being diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 41, I quickly understood the importance of knowing your risk for breast cancer. I learned that, as an Ashkenazi Jewish woman, my chances of having the BRCA mutation linked to breast cancer were significantly higher. That is why in 2009 I introduced the EARLY Act, which equips young women with the tools they need to make informed decisions about their breast health. Though we have made significant advances on some fronts, there is still work to be done. For example, there has been no statistically significant improvement in survival rates for the metastatic cancer community in the past 20 years. We must do more to support those who are affected by this deadly disease and do everything we can to eradicate breast cancer once and for all. f 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 166) and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the concurrent resolution as follows: 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2016, TO FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 30, 2016, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 166, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? There was no objection. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1475. An act to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance. H.R. 2494. An act to support global anti poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of 
partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide observance of two minutes of silence each Veterans Day. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. S. 1878.An act to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 30, 2016, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 166, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 4092. A bill to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–703 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 5227. A bill to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all forms, to establish a National Collection Stewardship Fund for the processing and storage of collection materials of the Library of Congress, and to provide for the continuation of service of returning members of Joint Committee on the Library at beginning of a Congress (Rept. 114–706 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. DENT: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative David McKinley (Rept. 114–795). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2261. A bill to facilitate the continued development of the commercial remote sensing industry and protect national security; with an amendment (Rept. 114–796). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2263. A bill to rename the Office of Space Commerce and for other purposes (Rept. 114–797). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5311. A bill to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the protection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, with an amendment (Rept. 114–798). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5429. A bill to improve the consideration by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders (Rept. 114–799). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 901. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–800). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4092 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5227 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCALISE (for himself and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 6195. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow charitable organizations to make statements relating to political campaigns if such statements are made in the ordinary course of carrying out its tax exempt purpose; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 6196. A bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to ensure community accountability for areas repetitively damaged by floods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6197. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide loan deferment and loan cancellation for founders and employees of small business startups, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, and Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. OLSON , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. BARLETTA , and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.R. 6198. A bill to provide that no alien may be naturalized as a citizen of the United States until such time as the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement completes the digitization of all remaining paperbased fingerprint records for inclusion in the Automated Biometric Identification System (IDENT) of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6199. A bill to require the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to complete a study on the human health implications of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamination in drinking water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HECK of Washington (for himself, Mr. KILMER , and Ms. D ELBENE): H.R. 6200. A bill to provide for the issuance of a Puget Sound Restoration Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6201. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the monitoring program for unregulated contaminants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. ENGEL ): H.R. 6202. A bill to amend the Act popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriation Act of 1915 to prohibit the establishment of certain anchorage grounds within five miles of a nuclear power plant, a location on the national register of historic places, a superfund site, or critical habitat of an endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. SWALWELL of California): H.R. 6203. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to carry out a STEM grant program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6204. A bill to amend section 262 of the Museum and Library Services Act to authorize the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Service to award grants to institutions of higher education for courses that use only publicly available digital resources for required reading assignments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6205. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow certain payments made by public service employees to qualify for public service repayment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6206. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize certain students in retain financial aid eligibility while completing a drug rehabilitation program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. VALADAO (for himself, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. N UNES , and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 6207. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain improvements in scheduling veterans for health care appointments; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. DEUTCH , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 6208. A bill to require continued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on antiSemitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat antiSemitism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. S IRES): H.R. 6209. A bill to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6210. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to strengthen accountability of authorized public chartering agencies and reduce charter school authorizing misconduct; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Ms. N ORTON, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. MENG, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. MOORE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. B ERA, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. PINGREE , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois): H.R. 6211. A bill to provide protection for survivors of domestic violence or sexual assault under the Fair Housing Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 6212. A bill to authorize the Department of Energy to assess and score new and existing homes for the costeffective reduction in the energy use, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HECK of Washington (for himself, Mrs. NOEM, Mr. C OLE, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. K ILMER): H.R. 6213. A bill to direct the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund to perform an outreach program for the new markets tax credit to underserved communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 6214. A bill to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of NoLoad Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6215. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual health insurance mandate certain lowincome individuals residing in States that have not elected the Medicaid expansion under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6216. A bill to require State and local law enforcement agencies to submit information about law enforcement investigations to the Attorney General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6217. A bill to require States and units of local government to have in place laws requiring law enforcement officers to submit reports when an individual is injured or killed by such a law enforcement officer in the course of the officer’s employment as a condition on receiving certain grant funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 6218. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 6219. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to ensure that individuals who are found to have stored classified information on unsecured servers are disqualified from receiving security clearances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for herself, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. ZINKE, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. C APUANO): H.R. 6220. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain 
major medical facility leases of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B ARTON, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BABIN, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. OLSON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. BURGESS , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Mr. H URD of Texas): H.R. 6221. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Don Stephens, President and Founder of Mercy Ships, in recognition of his 38 years of service as the leader of a humanitarian relief organization that exemplifies the compassionate character of America; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 6222. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require publication of information pertaining to the persons participating in the rule making, and on the basis on which the rule is made, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISSA (for himself and Mr. VARGAS ): H.R. 6223. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide that a national of the United States may only bring a claim against a foreign state for an injury which was caused by international terrorism and which occurred on September 11, 2001, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 6224. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of minorities and women in clinical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. MAXINEWATERS of California, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 6225. A bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to require Federal reserve banks to interview at least one individual reflective of gender diversity and one individual reflective of racial or ethnic diversity when appointing Federal reserve bank presidents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.R. 6226. A bill to delay the Medicare demonstration for preclaim review of home health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BERA (for himself and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 6227. A bill to provide for a comprehensive interdisciplinary research and development initiative to strengthen the capacity of the electricity sector to neutralize cyber attacks; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6228. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the alternative fuel and alternative fuel mixture credits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H UDSON , and Ms. CASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6229. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. A DAMS , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 6230. A bill to ensure that seniors, veterans, and people with disabilities who receive Social Security and certain other Federal benefits receive a $250 payment in the event that no costofliving adjustment is payable in a calendar year; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. BASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. ELLISON , Ms. H AHN, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. PINGREE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. WILSON of Florida): H.R. 6231. A bill to carry out an income contingent repayment program for Federal Interest Free Education Loans for undergraduate students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. MACARTHUR ): H.R. 6232. A bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission on the Advancement of Social Enterprise, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. BARTON , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. CULBERSON , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. S AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. OLSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. WILLIAMS ): H.R. 6233. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 6234. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for penalties for the sale of any Purple Heart awarded to a member of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6235. A bill a bill to transfer certain land from the Secretary of the Army, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. HINOJOSA , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 6236. A bill to elevate the teaching profession through systemic innovations in teacher recruitment and retention to ensure that students, especially those from lowincome families, are taught by excellent, well prepared, and wellsupported teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6237. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to coordinate the reduction in the American Opportunity Tax Credit with Federal Pell Grants, to the extent such grants are attributable to expenses not eligible for such credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. KUSTER , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 6238. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for issuing identity protection personal identification numbers (IP PINs) to adopted children for purposes of tax administration; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6239. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve Federal Pell Grants and loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. DOLD, and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 6240. A bill to accelerate reductions in climate pollution in order to leave a better planet for future generations, and to create a bipartisan commission to develop economically viable policies to achieve sciencebased emissions reduction targets; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 6241. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for reciprocal marketing approval of certain drugs, biological products, and devices that are authorized to be lawfully marketed abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6242. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to adjust the rate of income tax of a publicly traded corporation based on the ratio of compensation of the corporation’s highest paid employee to the median compensation of all the corporation’s employees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself and Mr. ROONEY of Florida): H.R. 6243. A bill to improve the ability of the Federal Government to address synthetic opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi): H.R. 6244. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain nonsignificant investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions as qualifying capital instruments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.R. 6245. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing Hall, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 6246. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the indexing of certain assets for purposes of determining gain or loss of eligible individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6247. A bill to provide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. WOODALL ): H.R. 6248. A bill to establish a direct spending safeguard limitation on any direct spending program without a specific level of authorized spending, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6249. A bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to provide for a macadamia tree health initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself and Mr. SWALWELL of California): H.R. 6250. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow qualified entrepreneurs to temporarily defer Federal student loan payments after starting a new business; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6251. A bill to promote transparency by permitting the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board to allow its disciplinary proceedings to be open to the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6252. A bill to make any city or county that has in effect any law or ordinance that is in violation of Federal immigration law ineligible for any Federal grant, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6253. A bill to establish an advisory commission to examine licensing and certification challenges confronting members of the Armed Forces and their spouses upon postservice entry into the civilian workforce and to make recommendations to Congress for the development of a new class of uniform veteran’s certifications for selected occupations that can be accepted by States and United States territories; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. POCAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. EDWARDS ): H.R. 6254. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to prohibit schools and libraries that receive universal service support from blocking Internet access to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. BERA, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. DENT, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. HANNA , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. HECK of Nevada, Mr. H ILL, Mr. LAMALFA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. MARINO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. MENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. NUNES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ALMON, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. FARENTHOLD ): H.R. 6255. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Norman Yoshio Mineta in recognition of his courageous, principled dedication to public service, civic engagement, and civil rights; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6256. A bill to provide temporary visitation to spouses of United States citizens; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6257. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to provide for nominations of individuals for appointment as Coast Guard Academy cadets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself and Mr. GARAMENDI ): H.R. 6258. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to enter into certain contracts for the acquisition of vessels for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6259. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure that liquid overthecounter medications are packaged with appropriate dosage delivery devices and, in the case of such medications labeled for pediatric use, appropriate flow restrictors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 6260. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income interest received on certain loans secured by agricultural real property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 6261. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medicare shared savings program by also basing such assignment on primary care services furnished by nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and clinical nurse specialists; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself and Ms. KUSTER ): H.R. 6262. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the family members with respect to whom treatment for alcohol and drug addiction is treated as a qualified medical expense for purposes of health reimbursement arrangements, health flexible spending arrangements, and health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 6263. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the family members with respect to whom treatment for alcohol and drug addiction is treated as a medical expense for certain purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6264. A bill to assist States in providing voluntary highquality universal prekindergarten programs and programs to support infants and toddlers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. LEVIN, and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 6265. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain reforms with respect to medicare supplemental health insurance policies; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCHENRY (for himself and Mr. FOSTER ): H.R. 6266. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to clarify the definition of a deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. TONKO ): H.R. 6267. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the rehabilitation credit for commercial buildings and to provide a rehabilitation credit for principal residences; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6268. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish a definition of the term ‘‘gang’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. TED LIEUof California): H.R. 6269. A bill to ban the use of bisphenol A in food containers and the replacement of bisphenol A in such containers with unsafe alternatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 6270. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent the avoidance of tax by insurance companies through reinsurance with nontaxed affiliates; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Ms. ROS LEHTINEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. POMPEO , Mr. T URNER , Mr. WENSTRUP , and Mr. W ESTMORE LAND ): H.R. 6271. A bill to amend the Foreign Service Act of 1980 to require a period of service at an overseas post of at least four years, to amend title 10, United States Code, to require a tour of duty at defense attache ´ offices of at least four years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently 
H.J. Res. 100. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to give States the authority to repeal a Federal rule or regulation when ratified by the legislatures of twothirds of the several States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. ROBY: H.J. Res. 101. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States which requires (except during time of war and subject to suspension by Congress) that the total amount of money expended by the United States during any fiscal year not exceed the amount of certain revenue received by the United States during such fiscal year and not exceed 20 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the previous calendar year; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. ENGEL ): H. Con. Res. 165. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress and reaffirming longstanding United States policy in support of a direct bilaterally negotiated settlement of the IsraeliPalestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Council resolutions imposing a solution to the conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MESSER: H. Con. Res. 166. Concurrent resolution providing for an adjournment of the House; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. BECERRA (for himself, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. H AHN, Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. TORRES , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. A GUILAR ): H. Con. Res. 167. Concurrent resolution honoring Vincent Edward ‘‘Vin’’ Scully, the baseball broadcaster who has magnificently served as the playbyplay announcer for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers for 67 Major League Baseball seasons since 1950; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. REICHERT , Mr. PASCRELL , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana): H. Con. Res. 168. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress regarding the United States Capitol Police and their role in securing the United States Capitol complex and protecting Members of Congress, their staff, and the general public; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. K IND, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. MESSER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. WALZ, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. COSTA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. B OST, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. STIVERS , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. DOLD, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R EED, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. HULTGREN , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H. Con. Res. 169. Concurrent resolution establishing a Joint Committee on the Organization of Congress; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. YOHO (for himself and Mr. SCHRADER ): H. Con. Res. 170. Concurrent resolution expressing support for the designation of a ‘‘National Purebred Dog Day‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. SABLAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. COSTA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. POLIS, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Ms. BORDALLO ): H. Res. 898. A resolution supporting the inclusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Ms. T SONGAS ): H. Res. 899. A resolution expressing support for a stable and sustainable funding source for the Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Education (THCGME) Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H. Res. 900. A resolution providing for the consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 769) terminating a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. DIAZBALART , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. PIERLUISI , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. WALZ): H. Res. 902. A resolution recognizing and honoring the life of Jose Fernandez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. RANGEL ): H. Res. 903. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the month of September 2016 as ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month’’ in order to educate communities across the United States about sickle cell disease and the need for research, early detection methods, effective treatments, and preventative care programs with respect to sickle cell disease; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H. Res. 904. A resolution honoring Sisters Network Inc. for its work to raise awareness about the tragic impact of breast cancer in the AfricanAmerican community; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CLYBURN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. LEE, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. BASS, Mr. C LAY, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. LEWIS, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. NORTON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Ms. FOXX, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas): H. Res. 905. A resolution expressing condolences to the family of Ms. Jacqueline A. Ellis, and commemorating the life and work of Ms. Jacqueline Ellis; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H. Res. 906. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Red Ribbon Week during the period of October 23 through October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. SPEIER , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. F ARR, Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. L ORET TASANCHEZ of California, and Ms. JUDYCHUof California): H. Res. 907. A resolution recognizing Filipino American History Month and celebrating the history and culture of Filipino Americans and their immense contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. POCAN , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. GARAMENDI ): H. Res. 908. A resolution expressing support for designation of October 2016 as ‘‘Bullying Prevention Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HONDA: H. Res. 909. A resolution expressing support for the right to rescue animals; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M OORE , Ms. TITUS, and Ms. J UDYCHUof California): H. Res. 910. A resolution supporting the ideals and goals of the ‘‘International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women‘‘; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H. Res. 911. A resolution expressing appreciation during ‘‘Domestic Violence Action Month‘‘ to all the providers of services in the Second District of Washington state that work tirelessly to end the scourge of domestic violence and to provide education, shelter and assistance to victims of domestic violence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself and Mr. RIBBLE ): H. Res. 912. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that congressional redistricting should be reformed to remove political gerrymandering; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. HONDA , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. FUDGE ): H. Res. 913. A resolution supporting a Federal, publicallyfunded universal school meal and nutrition program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. COHEN ): H. Res. 914. A resolution expressing support for designation of September 2016 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. L EWIS, and Ms. N ORTON): H. Res. 915. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to Marcus Garvey; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. LIPINSKI ): H. Res. 916. A resolution recognizing the impact of tribology on the United States economy and competitiveness in providing solutions to critical technical problems in manufacturing, energy production and use, transportation vehicles and infrastructure, greenhouse gas emissions, defense and homeland security, health care, mining safety and reliability, and space exploration, among others, and recognizing the need for increased research and development investments in tribology and related fields; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. SESSIONS , and Mr. D EFAZIO): H. Res. 917. A resolution congratulating The Optical Society on its 100th anniversary; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. ELLISON, and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 918. A resolution expressing support for policies that maintain a robust Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs and do not jeopardize care for veterans by moving essential resources to the private sector; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. WAGNER: H. Res. 919. A resolution encouraging States to uphold the rights and dignity of human trafficking survivors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 920. A resolution calling for revisisions to the existing rules of engagement under Operation Resolute Support in Afghanistan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
296. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 26, calling upon the President of the United States to encourage the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services to adopt policies to repeal the current discriminatory donor suitability policies of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding blood donations by men who have had sex with another man and, instead, direct the FDA to develop sciencebased policies such as criteria based on risky behavior in lieu of sexual orientation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 297. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 29, declaring unnecessary and unexplained increases in pharmaceutical pricing is a harm to our health care system that will no longer be tolerated because the system cannot sustain it; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 298. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 28, to ensure that immigrant children are afforded due process under the law when they are fighting to remain in the United States of America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 299. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 24, commending Congress and the President of the United States for enacting the FAST Act to provide stability and reliability in federal transportation funding over the next five years; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 300. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 22, urging the Congress to appropriate $248 million in funding to complete Phase 2 of the Calexico West Land Port of Entry reconfiguration and expansion project; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 301. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Resolution 86, requesting the Congress of the United States to pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016 (H.R. 2646), and further requests President Barack Obama to sign that legislation; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce. f PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. HUFFMAN introduced A bill (H.R. 6296) For the relief of Yeganeh Salehi Rezaian; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 1021. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 2507. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 3298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5942. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The First Amendment guarantees both free speech and the free exercise of religion. The Free Speech Fairness Act restores these fundamental liberties to churches and nonprofits. By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 6198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6199. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6200. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6201. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6202. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6203. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6204. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. VALADAO: H.R. 6207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 6208. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN: H.R. 6209. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6210. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Amendment X: The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 6211. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoeing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6212. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6213. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 6214. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6215. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6216. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6217. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 6218. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 6219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 6221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5. To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 6222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 6223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 6224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 6225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 (To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with 
the Indian tribes.) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department thereof). By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 6226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Consistent with the understanding and interpretation of the Commerce Clause, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. COOK: H.R. 6234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States, as enumerated in Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6238. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6239. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 6240. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 6241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6243. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6244. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6245. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 7 of the U.S. Constitution, Clause 1: All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 6246. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this constitution in the government of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 6248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 grants Congress the power to ‘‘pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 grants Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing PoWers.’’ As this legislation concerns oversight of federal spending on programs authorized by Congress, it is an appropriate use of the authority granted to Congress by the above clauses of the Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 6250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). Additional authority derives from Article III, Section 1 (‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office.) Additional authority also derives from Article III, Section2, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution (Article I, Section 8, Clause 3) By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 18, of Article 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 6260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 6262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: Congress shall have Power To Law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 6263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: Congress shall have Power To Law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: H.R. 6265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 6266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence . . . of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 6267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 6270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. VALADAO: H.R. 6290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Mr. VISCLOSKY: H.R. 6291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 6292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Amendment XIII which authorizes Congress to make laws enforcing the extension of civil rights and universal freedom to victims of slavery. Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 6294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 6295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization’’. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.J. Res. 99. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact the following due to its power of the purse, outlined in Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution: ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law;’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.J. Res. 100. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V By Mrs. ROBY: H.J. Res. 101. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 5: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 169: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 213: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. C ONNOLLY , H.R. 265: Ms. MCCOLLUM , H.R. 297: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. FARR, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 303: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 465: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 546: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 556: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 583: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 703: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 711: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 750: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 775: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 789: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 900: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 923: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 973: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1095: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 1111: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1147: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 1196: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1209: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1220: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska. H.R. 1258: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1282: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1399: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. H INOJOSA, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1427: Mr. RICEof South Carolina and Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 1457: Mr. ISSA, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 1507: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1552: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1608: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. LATTA , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1650: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 1655: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1669: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 1700: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1706: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1848: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1854: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1911: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 1959: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2016: Mr. SARBANES and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2095: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2103: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. ADAMS , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2116: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. MENG, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 2124: Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 2125: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 2148: Mr. COLE. H.R. 2192: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2293: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2302: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2403: Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 2461: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 2493: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2518: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 2653: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2660: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2680: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2694: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2698: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 2715: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 2737: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. MICA, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. W OODALL , and Mr. TURNER . H.R. 2759: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2808: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2849: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 2858: Mr. KATKO , H.R. 2948: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 2991: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3074: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3084: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. M ENG, and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 3099: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 3119: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 3163: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3201: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3316: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3343: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3381: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3397: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3411: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 3436: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3515: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 3526: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3535: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3546: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3562: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 3652: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3660: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3666: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. S ANFORD . H.R. 3687: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 3706: Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 3742: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. MICA. H.R. 3770: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. CICILLINE , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3830: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3833: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3882: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 3886: Mr. VEASEY and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3892: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 3929: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 3985: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3991: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4016: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4131: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4164: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4172: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4184: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4223: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4247: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina and Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4272: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4298: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4301: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4352: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4374: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4399: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4456: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, and Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 4475: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4514: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4524: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4558: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4559: Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 4585: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 4622: Mr. ADERHOLT and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4626: Ms. KUSTER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. TEDLIEU of California, Mr. PETERS , Mr. B EYER , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. H AHN, Mr. FLEMING , Mr. B ERA, Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 4657: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4695: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4700: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4706: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 4718: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4764: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4766: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 4770: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 4773: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4784: Mr. BERA. H.R. 4818: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 4833: Mr. NORCROSS and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4907: Mr. BEYER , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4919: Mr. ASHFORD and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 4927: Mrs. LAWRENCE  H.R. 4932: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 4949: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4980: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5009: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 5015: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 5067: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 5082: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 5090: Mr. POLIS, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. FLORES , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5167: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 5177: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 5180: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5182: Mr. PAULSEN and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5187: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 5191: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5205: Ms. DELAURO and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5208: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5219: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5256: Mr. BECERRA . H.R. 5272: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 5285: Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 5299: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 5301: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 5369: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. R USH, Mr. COHEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 5373: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5405: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. MCNERNEY , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 5410: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5418: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. MICA, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 5482: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 5489: Mr. STIVERS and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 5555: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5557: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5567: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 5571: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5573: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 5584: Mr. LOWENTHAL  H.R. 5589: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 5600: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 5610: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 5621: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. K USTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. KEATING , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. TONKO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. COHEN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5632: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 5650: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5653: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 5671: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 5686: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 5689: Mr. COURTNEY and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 5726: Mr. JONES . H.R. 5732: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5742: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 5745: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5772: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 5779: Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 5797: Ms. LEEand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5813: Mr. BERA, Mr. K IND, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5814: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 5887: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 5899: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 5902: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 5910: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 5932: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5942: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 5955: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 5962: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. HONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5965: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 5980: Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5989: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 5996: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 5999: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. N UGENT , Ms. BORDALLO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6025: Mr. STIVERS and Mr. C OOPER . H.R. 6030: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. PINGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6034: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 6037: Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. LEE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. WALDEN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OOK, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. NORTON , Ms. K USTER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 6045: Mr. KATKO and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 6047: Mr. OLSON , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. BARTON , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 6059: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 6072: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 6073: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 6076: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 6086: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. PITTS. H.R. 6087: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 6093: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 6094: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 6097: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 6100: Mr. HILL, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. COOK, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, and Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 6104: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 6108: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. VELA, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 6110: Mr. GOWDY . H.R. 6122: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 6126: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6132: Ms. MATSUI and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 6149: Mr. COHEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 6168: Mr. POLIS, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. GALLEGO , and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 6171: Mr. PEARCE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. BABIN, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mrs. L UMMIS . H.R. 6176: Mr. MEADOWS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. BABIN, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 6181: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 6186: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 6188: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. STEWART . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. CLEAVER . H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. PALAZZO and Mr. H ARPER. H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. U PTON , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. KATKO . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. PETERS and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. KEATING . H. Con. Res. 153: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, and Mr. TEDLIEUof Cali fornia. H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. NOLAN , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. R EICHERT . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. SIRES, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. O LSON . H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 28: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. LAHOOD. H. Res. 110: Mr. DESANTIS . H. Res. 647: Mr. VALADAO . H. Res. 703: Mr. PAYNE . H. Res. 750: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H. Res. 752: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. KUSTER , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 784: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H. Res. 840: Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H. Res. 848: Mr. HUNTER . H. Res. 854: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 861: Mr. SESSIONS and Mrs. B EATTY . H. Res. 882: Mr. SERRANO . H. Res. 883: Mr. COOPER . H. Res. 885: Mrs. TORRES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. PETERS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 887: Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. EDWARDS . H. Res. 891: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. NUNES , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Ms. R OS LEHTINEN . H. Res. 895: Mr. VANHOLLEN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6165 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2016 No. 147 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 