Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to recognize two very special individuals from Lake Villa for their continued dedication to our community. Those individuals are Bill and Betty Burns. They both have consistently been at the forefront of the planning and execution of a number of wonderful community events that really serve as an opportunity to bring everyone together. Each and every year, Bill and Betty have helped plan the Lake Villa Memorial Day, St. Patrick’s Day, and Christmas parades. With their consistent hard work and dedication, these events have been great successes that have been really the glue that has brought our community together, not just on these special days but really a sense of community throughout the entire year. Last year, Mr. Speaker, the Tenth District recognized them for their service to Lake Villa and to Grayslake with the public servant award for their dedication to our community. Mr. Speaker, it is really individuals like Bill and Betty Burns that make our community stronger; and there are people like Bill and Betty all over our great Nation that are doing the things necessary to make sure that the little details are not left undone. They do this work tirelessly and thanklessly, in order to make sure our communities are a little bit stronger and a little bit better. So I want to take this opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to thank Bill and Betty Burns for their tireless service and dedication to our community to make it a much stronger and better place. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DENHAM ) at 2 p.m. PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You have blessed us with all good gifts, and this past week, with thankful hearts, we gathered with family and loved ones throughout this great land to celebrate our blessings together. Bless the newly elected Members of the 115th Congress who resume their orientation on Capitol Hill. Give them calm and confidence as they prepare for a new role as servants of our Nation’s citizens. Bless the Members of the people’s House who have been entrusted with the privilege to serve our Nation and all Americans in their need. Grant them to work together in respect and affection, faithful in the responsibilities they have been given. As the end of the 114th Congress approaches, bestow upon them the gifts of wisdom and discernment, that in their actions they will do justice, love with mercy, and walk humbly with You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING THE FOOD BANK OF NORTHEAST GEORGIA (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Food Bank of Northeast Georgia for more than 20 years of dedication and service to the people of Georgia. Since 1992, the food bank has worked to combat hunger and alleviate poverty by feeding children, the elderly, the ill, and those in need throughout the northeastern part of Georgia. Just this past October, my staff and I had the distinct pleasure of lending a hand to the hardworking staff of the food bank and saw their actions, which are indeed remarkable. Just this year alone, the food bank has distributed nearly 12 million pounds of food, which equals about 10
1⁄2million meals. This is truly an outstanding organization that continues to expand its reach and scope through its charitable contributions. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Food Bank of Northeast Georgia for their outstanding service. I am honored deeply to have them in the 10th District of Georgia. I give my best wishes to the food bank and their staff as they continue to serve those in need. 
FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my hometown of Flint—I am sure you have heard me talk about this before—continues to suffer in this crisis. One hundred thousand people, citizens of that city, still can’t drink their water, which has been exposed to high levels of lead. That crisis is far from over. Flint families don’t have access to clean drinking water. They demand—and we should provide—a response from every level of government, including the Federal Government. That is why I am pleased and appreciate the fact that Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate have come together to make a commitment to help the people of Flint. Legislation passed in both bodies provides help for Flint. Now we have to finish that work before we leave this session. Before we are Democrats or Republicans, we are Americans. We have a tradition in this country of always coming together for those who are facing a crisis, for those who are in great need. It is incumbent now upon Congress to do the same, to come together to help the people of Flint. I look forward to Democrats and Republicans coming together to do that. f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL GRANGE ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the National Grange’s 150th anniversary and to celebrate their century and a half of service to agriculture and rural America. The National Grange was founded in 1867 by Oliver H. Kelley, an employee at the United States Department of Agriculture. He formed this organization to bring farmers from all over the country together in order to share best agricultural practices, drive educational discussion, and promote the economic and social needs of farmers. In the 150 years since its founding, the Grange has encouraged families and communities—both rural and urban—to come together at the community, county or district, State, and national level to advocate not only for agriculture, but for an array of causes affecting communities. For example, the Grange played a critical role in developing rural access, from electricity to rural mail delivery, and was an early supporter of women’s suffrage. I congratulate the National Grange and its members on a century and a half of excellence. 
MEDIA IGNORES ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a new report by the Wilson Center has found that illegal immigration across the southern border is on pace to break the previous record set in 2014. This record should not come as a surprise. The administration’s policies encourage illegal immigration. The number of apprehensions at the southern border in August reached its highest point for that month in the last 5 years. This recordsetting pace of illegal immigration was largely ignored by the media. Neither the Big Three networks nor the national daily newspapers covered the report. The administration’s failure to enforce immigration laws has caused the new record surge. Americans are understandably concerned about illegal immigration. It is unfortunate that the media does not consider it newsworthy. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1501 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 3 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nebraska for the opportunity to speak on behalf of my bill, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act. Mr. Speaker, it was my honor to serve for 14 years as a pilot in the Air Force, and for my family—my wife, my children, and me—those were some of the best years of our lives. I continue to be amazed at the quality of those who serve in our military. It shouldn’t become cliche to say this: These are some of the finest young men and women that our country has ever produced; they are strong, intelligent, dedicated, courageous individuals who choose to use their talents to serve the rest of us. It makes me uncomfortable sometimes when I hear those of us who serve in Congress being called public servants when we know that the true public servants are the airmen, the seamen, the soldiers, the marines—and their families; let’s not forget their families and their sacrifice as well— those who spend their careers either fighting abroad or preparing for that eventuality. As Americans, we should make it a habit to always thank these servicemembers whenever we see them. As Members of Congress, it is our job to be wise in our foreign policy, to give our warfighters the resources they need to win and then to ensure that veterans receive the benefits that we have promised them. In fact, that third responsibility is the genesis for this bill, fixing a glitch that was brought to my attention. As the gentleman has said already, it is just a glitch, just a loophole in the current law that was brought to my attention by a group of airline pilots. These pilots, many of whom are veterans, realized that, as veterans, they were unable to take advantage of all the healthcare benefits offered by their civilian employers. Many of them wanted to use HSAs but, because of the TRICARE eligibility, were legally unable to do that. Mr. Speaker, HSAs are an innovative healthcare option that House Republicans have advanced as an important part of a marketdriven, affordable healthcare system. In fact, HSAs are a critical component to the Speaker’s Better Way agenda, which I think many of us are excited to see signed into law in the coming months. With that in mind, it makes no sense to lock veterans out of this benefit based on eligibility for TRICARE. These pilots came to my office and had a simple request: Give us an onoff switch for TRICARE so the veterans who wish to use an HSA while retaining their right to return to TRICARE in the future can do that if they choose. It made sense, so that is what we did with this bill. The Veterans TRICARE Choice Act allows a veteran to suspend his or her TRICARE benefits for the purpose of enrolling in a health savings plan. If, for whatever reason, the veteran wishes to return to TRICARE, he or she can do so. It is a simple, commonsense fix with broad, bipartisan support. 
I would like to thank Representative TULSI GABBARD , a fellow veteran with a distinguished career in the United States Navy and a current member of the Hawaiian National Guard. Representative GABBARD and I have been fortunate to work together on this bill for almost 3 years now, and I am grateful for her work to bring this bill to this point. I would also like to thank Chairman BRADY , Chairman T HORNBERRY , Chairman TIBERI , Chairman H ECK, and each of their staffs for their great work and their support in refining the bill and bringing it to the floor today. I am grateful for a similar measure that will be included in the National Defense Authorization Act we will be voting on later this week. Finally, I would like to thank Nathaniel Johnson, a former member of my staff, a member of the Utah National Guard, a former combat medic who served in Afghanistan, and of course we called him Doc then. I would like to thank Doc, who felt compelled to see this bill through to its conclusion. Mr. Speaker, our veterans deserve our most profound gratitude. Nothing about their military service should prevent them from accessing the same benefits as their nonveteran coworkers. The very least we can do for them is ensure they receive the benefits we promised them and that the process goes forward as smoothly as possible. I recognize we have lots to do on that front, but I am hopeful the passage of this bill will be one small step forward in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, the problem that this bill seeks to solve for our veterans is, unfortunately, not uncommon. I have heard from many of my fellow veterans, as has previously been explained, who have similarly not been able to access options widely available to their civilian coworkers because of the current limitations in the law; and that is what this bill seeks to do: correct it. The Veterans TRICARE Choice Act simply gives veterans and their dependents a choice: They can opt out of TRICARE and contribute to a health savings account with more flexibility and coverage options without fear of permanently losing their TRICARE coverage; and if their situation later changes, they will have the option to reenroll in TRICARE coverage, plain and simple. Our veterans and their families make tremendous sacrifices in service to our country, and that service should never limit their access to quality health care and their ability to make their own decisions about their own health and the health care for their families in the future. I would like to thank and congratulate my friend and colleague, CHRIS STEWART , for his leadership on pushing this issue forward, and I encourage my colleagues to join us in supporting H.R. 5458 today. b1515 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is one of those things that you fill time with, and I guess it is not going to hurt anything. So I would recommend that all of my colleagues vote for it. It will be moot on Friday, when we pass the NDAA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to again thank Mr. STEWART  for his efforts. This is a good bill that, as the gentlewoman from Hawaii mentioned, will help many folks—certainly, those that she has heard from and I know others have as well. I support more veterans having more options. I support the bill’s passage and urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5458, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RESPONSE ACT OF 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 546) to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 546 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘RESPONSE Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 546, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, rail safety is critical to the transport of goods and services throughout our country. As chairman of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee, I have consistently worked to improve the safety of transporting hazardous materials by rail, especially crude by rail. In the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, and later in the FAST Act, Congress required response plans and adopted strong national standards for transporting hazardous materials by rail. Additionally, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has held several hearings at both the full committee and subcommittee level to examine how Congress can improve upon what is already a very safe rail network. I personally have facilitated training for dozens of first responders in my district to ensure they are prepared to respond in the unlikely event of an accident involving hazardous materials transported by rail. Recently, I traveled with my good friends, Ranking Member CAPUANO and Congressman FARENTHOLD , to Colorado and the Transportation Technology Center to see how the first responder community trains for tank car accidents and the investments our Nation’s freight railroad are making to build a safer network. The bill before us today is an extension of these efforts to build and advance rail safety across our Nation. The RESPONSE Act tasks both government and nongovernmental experts to develop recommendations improving emergency responder training for hazardous materials incidents involving rail. It requires the evaluation of a number of issues related to rail hazmat incidents, including the quality and application of training for local emergency first responders. Additionally, it looks at overlap in training and ways to modernize training for emergency responders, especially those in small communities near railroads. This bill will further improve rail safety and enhance responses to rail hazmat incidents. I saw how important this handson training can be in August at the Transportation Technology Center in Pueblo. I believe that this bill will build upon the safety of our rail network in communities like mine. Again, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. KIND, and Senator H EITKAMP for working on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill as well. I want to thank Ranking Member DENHAM , Chairman S HUSTER , and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for taking the lead on this bill. Very simply, this is the simplest bill in the world, to be perfectly honest. It gets all the stakeholders together to simply take a look at the current responses we have when there is a disaster relative to rail accidents. It gets them all in one room to take a look at best practices to figure out what they can do better and to see if resources are allocated well. It is not just Washington insiders. It includes people from the rail industry, people from the labor community, and people from the public safety community at local and State levels. It gets everybody at the table to do things that Congress is not equipped to do appropriately. We are not the safety experts; they are. There is a time limit. This is not one of those endless committees that is 
going to sit there forever. For 1 year, they get together, work it out amongst themselves, and come back with recommendations to us so that we can do our job well, which is to support the people actually suppressing these fires and maintaining the safety of our communities. Again, I rise in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, this is a great bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 546, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FRED D. THOMPSON FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6135) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6135 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 6135. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6135 would designate the Federal building and United States courthouse at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse. I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ) for her leadership on this legislation. Senator Thompson was an accomplished lawyer, actor, U.S. Senator, and a great friend. We spent numerous occasions together here in the Washington, D.C., area as he got to know new Members when we came in 2010. I have appreciated his counsel, his friendship, and I look forward to seeing this bill passed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to rise on this occasion to have the courthouse in Nashville named for a distinguished American, a friend of mine, Senator Fred Thompson, who is the only University of Memphis graduate to serve in the United States Senate. Fred was an outstanding attorney and Federal employee. He made Tennessee proud when he was counsel to the Watergate Committee. In a phenomenal fashion, he gave people a good feeling about bipartisanship when a Republican such as Fred Thompson stood up and raised the questions that needed to be raised to end the illegal and crimeridden episodes of Richard Nixon that were exposed in Watergate. Despite the fact that Richard Nixon was a Republican, Fred Thompson saw to it that when the President acted in an untowardly fashion, diminishing the Constitution, diminishing our government, all Americans should stand up and oppose such. Fred did it in an admiral way, and Richard Nixon resigned eventually, and Gerald Ford helped save our country. Vice Presidents can do that. Fred served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney. He was a mentee of Senator Howard Baker, a great Member of the United States Senate and a great American. He was also a privatepracticing attorney who had a case concerning pardons. It was a Democrat was doing things that were illegal. Ray Blanton from Tennessee was giving pardons that were improper. Marie Ragghianti stepped forward. Fred Thompson wrote a book about Marie exposing illegal pardons. Somebody who did the script thought Fred could make a good actor. And Fred made a good actor. He did a lot of TV series and movies and had another career besides politician and lawyer: actor. He came to Memphis one time, I remember specifically, to speak to the Chamber. And he had a droll way about him. He said—and I guess he said it other places, as well—sometimes when I am in Washington, I miss the reality and the sincerity of Hollywood. Well, I laughed when Fred said it. I think about it often here. When he ran for office, Fred took a little red truck and used it to campaign. He drove that truck around the State. People identified with it. He was ahead of his time. It was kind of like Donald Trump eating McDonald’s, I think. He related to the common man with that truck. I thought about Fred as I was flying up here. I just did get here in time. I was on one of the last of those regional jets, which was kind of like Fred’s truck with wings on it. But we made it. I want to thank Fred Thompson for all he did as an attorney, as an actor, and as a friend to me. He was bipartisan. He was always friendly to me. He was a courteous gentleman. I came here when Fred won the National Conference of State Legislatures Award for looking out for States’ rights. He was the only member of the Senate to vote on a bill that the NCSL was in favor of. And he was right. There was a province that belonged to the States that the Federal Government usurped because it was so wonderful to do and sets good brownie points back home. But Fred didn’t do that. He stayed with his position that States’ rights should be first and those areas of tort liability should have remained with the States. I came to see Fred get that award. Fred had a wonderful wife and a wonderful family. One of his sons was a good friend of my mine. He still is. I am honored to be a sponsor of this bill. I am sorry that Fred left us, succumbing to cancer last year, but it is appropriate that we name the U.S. courthouse and Federal building in Nashville after this great American. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for his work in moving this legislation forward and also my colleague from Tennessee for joining me on this bill. It is such an honor to bring it forward and to push for the naming of the Federal courthouse in Nashville as the Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse. You know, it is so interesting. Fred learned a lot about life and about the law working in the current Federal building. As that building has been outgrown and the need for a new one is in the works, it is so exciting to know that Fred’s name will be emblazoned on that building. It is exciting for all of the residents of Lawrence County, Tennessee. That is where Fred grew up. 
That is in the Seventh Congressional District. Then, as Fred decided to go to law school and came back to Nashville, he settled in Williamson County, right there in Franklin and Brentwood in suburban Nashville. And that is where I got to know the Thompson family. b1530 I know this is a very exciting day for them, to know that this is actually taking place, that the House is completing their work and we are sending this on to the Senate for Senators CORKER and A LEXANDER to do their part of the work on this building. Many people did know Fred Thompson as an actor, and one of the things you would hear people talk about is Fred was a ‘‘character actor.’’ But that unassuming manner, the way he valued and embodied integrity, that was just Fred. That was how he lived his life, and he was a great ‘‘character actor’’ because he really played himself. Whether it was ‘‘Marie,’’ whether it was the ‘‘Hunt for Red October,’’ whether you were watching him on the small screen or the big screen, he was exactly who he appeared to be, very unassuming, very dedicated, very smart, and a wonderful attorney. Of course, his public service did start as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in Nashville in the old Federal courthouse, and that did grow. The Watergate Committee, as Congressman COHEN has mentioned, was where Fred really made a mark and where he became extremely close to Senator Howard Baker, who was such a role model for so many generations of Tennesseans and Americans. How exciting it would be for Senator Baker to be here to know Fred’s name was going to be on that courthouse in Nashville. This is the right move for the right person. I encourage all of my colleagues to join in passage of this legislation. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, given Senator Thompson’s dedication to the law and public service, I believe it is more than fitting to name this courthouse and Federal building in Nashville after him. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6135. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JUSTICE FOR ALL REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2577) to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide postconviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 2577, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. On October 30, 2004, President George W. Bush signed into law the Justice for All Act of 2004. The law contains four very important sections related to victims of crime and improving the criminal justice process. The law protects the rights of crime victims and eliminates the substantial backlog of DNA samples collected from both crime scenes and convicted offenders. It also improves and expands the DNA testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories. Finally, it establishes the rights of crime victims in Federal criminal proceedings and provides mechanisms for enforcing these rights. The bill before us today, S. 2577, the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, is a bipartisan and bicameral bill that builds on the 2004 Justice for All Act. It further improves the criminal justice system and ensures public confidence in it. It strengthens crime victims’ rights and programs by increasing access to restitution for Federal crime victims. The act also further reduces the rape kit backlog and provides resources for 
forensic labs while protecting the innocent by improving access to postconviction DNA testing. The Justice for All Act works to improve the administration of criminal justice programs by increasing accountability for Federal funds and requiring the Justice Department to assist State and local governments to improve their indigent defense systems. Additionally, it ensures the implementation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act. I commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for his hard work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 2577, the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, and the complementary House bill that was authored by my good friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. POE), and my good friend and colleague from California (Mr. COSTA )—this is an important bill—and, of course, my Senator from the State of Texas, Senator CORNYN . This bill now comes to the floor of the House as S. 2577. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation advances this Congress’ efforts to enhance and improve our Nation’s criminal justice system for victims, law enforcement, the courts, and innocent persons, while also fostering public trust and confidence in our criminal justice system. It also reinforces the important work that the House Judiciary Committee has been doing under Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS . My greatest hope, as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, is that we can finish our work with the enormity of bills, sentencing reduction, prison reform, juvenile justice reform. I would like to optimistically think we might get these for the holiday season. S. 2577 would reauthorize and improve upon various programs that began with the initial passage of the appropriately named Justice for All Act. I was proud to support this groundbreaking legislation in 2004, legislation intended to protect all persons who find themselves involved with the criminal justice system, and instill accountability throughout that system. The programs we enacted in 2004 increased resources to boost the testing capabilities of forensic crime laboratories and eliminate the backlog of DNA samples from sexual assaults, crime scenes, and convicted offenders. I know this firsthand because Harris County—a very large county; fifth in the Nation—experienced this calamity, along with the city of Houston, the fact that these kits and other DNA evidence just couldn’t seem to be tested expeditiously. It also enhanced protections for victims of crimes, and established measures to prevent and overturn wrongful convictions. The time has come to build upon the foundation we laid in 2004. Fairness and equal treatment under the law are two fundamental values of our Nation’s system of justice. When the innocent are jailed for decades for crimes they did not commit, when victims watch their attackers go free because the physical evidence was misplaced or never tested, or when overworked forensic lab technicians provide false reports, the people’s trust and belief in the system is diminished. The bill we are considering today would strengthen crime victims’ rights, programs, and services. In addition, it would further reduce the rape kit backlog, provide additional resources to forensic labs, improve access to postconviction DNA testing, ensure implementation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act, and improve the overall administration of criminal justice systems nationwide, including increasing accountability, transparency, effectiveness and fiscal efficiency. I hate having to give anecdotal stories, but, unfortunately, again, in Harris County, thousands of pieces of evidence were lost when they were in the possession of one of our local law enforcement structures. We have a lot of law enforcement layers. This happened to be a constable’s office. Mr. Speaker, you know how damaging and dangerous that is to victims’ rights, to criminal justice, to the Constitution. That is why this bill is so very important. Being the victim of a crime is a harrowing, disorienting experience. We must do our best to erase or ease the suffering of victims and assist them as they work to rebuild their lives. Under S. 2577, housing rights for victims of domestic violence would be expanded, and Violence Against Women Act funding would be protected from reductions due to Federal penalties. Other victimcentered programs would be reauthorized by this bill, including programs used to notify victims of their right to be heard in court, to offer victims legal assistance, and to provide interpreters for Federal crime victims who wish to participate in court proceedings. Additionally, the Government Accountability Office will be required to determine the potential benefits to crime victims, if any, by broadening the authority of Federal courts to award restitution. Our crime victims need relief. We need to give them hope and a sense that we care about them. The Attorney General will be required to evaluate the effectiveness of the Justice Department components and U.S. Attorney Offices in pursuing and obtaining restitution for crime victims. We all know DNA is a crucial element of many criminal cases, helping to identify suspects, perpetrators of crimes, and to exclude the innocent. This bill would ensure that victims of sexual assault receive essential services and are able to see their attackers brought to justice by renewing the DNA Backlog grant program and by expanding grants for forensic nurse examiners, giving priority to hiring full time forensic nurses, establishing programs in rural and underserved areas, and training forensic nurses. b1545 Agencies across the country would realize further reductions in their rape kit backlogs because the Justice Department would be required, under this legislation, to use at least 75 percent of the funds made available for forensic testing for direct testing of crime scene evidence, including rape kits. Under this measure, Debbie Smith grant recipients would have to report on the achievement of activities conducted using grant funds. S. 2577 would require the Attorney General to report annually to Congress on how Debbie Smith grant funds are being used to improve DNA testing and reduce the backlogs. I know that my good friend CAROLYN  MALONEY has been involved in these issues as well. S. 2577 would reauthorize funding for several other DNA grant programs, including the Paul Coverdell Forensic Science Improvement Grant Program, which helps States and local governments that need it greatly speak to the loss of thousands of pieces of evidence in a local law enforcement office. In that same vein, the Attorney General would be required to conduct a needs assessment for State and local forensic science labs to better utilize Federal funding. This bill would also enhance protections for the innocent by improving access to postconviction DNA testing, encouraging States to test DNA evidence in criminal cases for which there is untested DNA evidence, expanding State access to postconviction DNA testing funds by narrowing the evidence preservation requirement, and authorizing Federal postconviction DNA testing for individuals who can show exculpatory DNA evidence exists in their case despite having pled guilty. We have a responsibility to make this criminal justice system fit in the four corners of the Constitution. That includes due process as one of the elements and certainly the response and caring of those individuals who have been victims. We have a responsibility to ensure the safe and humane treatment of individuals, even if they are convicted of crimes and in prison. Compliance with the Prison Rape Elimination Act would be an allbut certain result of the incentive structure set in S. 2577, which would require State and local governments to focus more resources on implementation of this legislation’s directives, which we really need, while allowing the flexibility necessary to reach full compliance. For example, States that receive Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants would be required to 
develop a strategic plan setting out how the grant money will be used. Finally, this bill includes various provisions to ensure Federal funds are used efficiently and effectively. I believe that this bill answers our concerns on the question of criminal justice reform and constitutional protection for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 2577, the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016,’’ as amended. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation advances this Congress’s efforts to enhance and improve our Nation’s criminal justice system for victims, law enforcement, the courts, and innocent persons, while also fostering public trust and confidence in our criminal justice system. S. 2577 would reauthorize and improve upon various programs that began with the initial passage of the appropriatelynamed Justice for All Act. I was proud to support this groundbreaking legislation in 2004—legislation intended to protect all persons who find themselves involved with the criminal justice system and instill accountability throughout that system. The programs we enacted in 2004 increased resources to boost the testing capabilities of forensic crime laboratories and eliminate the backlog of DNA samples from sexual assaults, crime scenes, and convicted offenders. It also enhanced protections for victims of crimes and established measures to prevent and overturn wrongful convictions. The time has come to build upon the foundation we laid in 2004. Fairness and equal treatment under the law are two fundamental values of our Nation’s system of justice. When the innocent are jailed for decades for crimes they did not commit, when victims watch their attackers go free because the physical evidence was misplaced or never tested, or when overworked forensic lab technicians provide false reports, the people’s trust and belief in the system is diminished. The bill we are considering today would strengthen crime victims’ rights, programs, and services. In addition, it would— further reduce the rape kit backlog; provide additional resources to forensic labs; improve access to postconviction DNA testing; ensure implementation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act; and improve the overall administration of criminal justice systems nationwide by increasing accountability, transparency, effectiveness, and fiscal efficiency. Being the victim of a crime is a harrowing, disorienting experience. We must do our best to ease the suffering of victims and assist them as they work to rebuild their lives. Under S. 2577, housing rights for victims of domestic violence would be expanded and Violence Against Women Act funding would be protected from reductions due to federal penalties. Other victimcentered programs would be reauthorized by this bill, including programs used to notify victims of their right to be heard in court, to offer victims legal assistance, and to provide interpreters for federal crime victims who wish to participate in court proceedings. Additionally, the Government Accountability Office would be required to determine the potential benefits to crime victims, if any, by broadening the authority of federal courts to award restitution. And, the Attorney General would be required to evaluate the effectiveness of Justice Department components and U.S. Attorney Offices in pursuing and obtaining restitution for crime victims. We all know DNA is a crucial element of many criminal cases, helping to identify suspects and perpetrators of crimes and exclude the innocent. This bill would ensure that victims of sexual assault receive essential services and are able to see their attackers brought to justice by renewing the DNA Backlog Grant Program and expanding grants for forensic nurse examiners, giving priority to hiring fulltime forensic nurses, establishing programs in rural and underserved areas, and training forensic nurses. Agencies across the country would realize further reductions in their rape kit backlogs because the Justice Department would be required under this legislation to use at least 75 percent of funds made available for forensic testing for direct testing of crime scene evidence, including rape kits. Under this measure, Debbie Smith Grant recipients would have to report on the achievement of activities conducted using grant funds. S. 2577 would require the Attorney General to report annually to Congress on how Debbie Smith Grant funds are being used to improve DNA testing and reduce the backlogs. Further, S. 2577 would reauthorize funding for several other DNA grant programs, including the Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grant Program, which helps states and local governments improve the quality of forensic science services provided. In that same vein, the Attorney General would be required to conduct a needs assessment for state and local forensic science labs to better utilize federal funding. This bill would also enhance protections for the innocent by— improving access to postconviction DNA testing; encouraging states to test DNA evidence in criminal cases for which there is untested DNA evidence; expanding state access to postconviction DNA testing funds by narrowing the evidence preservation requirement; and authorizing federal postconviction DNA testing for individuals who can show exculpatory DNA evidence exists in their case despite having pled guilty. We have a responsibility to ensure the safe and humane treatment of individuals even if they are convicted of crimes and sentenced to prison. Compliance with the Prison Rape Elimination Act would be an all but certain result of the incentive structure set forth in S. 2577, which would require state and local governments to focus more resources on implementation of this legislation’s directives, while allowing the flexibility necessary to reach full compliance. For example, states that receive Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant grants would be required to develop a strategic plan setting out how the grant money will be used to improve their criminal systems. Finally, this bill includes various provisions to ensure federal funds are used efficiently and effectively. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation and I reserve the balance of my time. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act is supported by a broad spectrum of organizations involved in, or affected by, our criminal justice system. These organizations include— the National Sheriffs Association and the National District Attorneys Association; the Council of State Governments; the U.S. Conference of Mayors; the National Center for Victims of Crime; the Washington Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights; the Human Rights Campaign; and the Innocence Project. In closing, I want to commend my colleagues in the House, including Judiciary Committee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE , Crime Subcommittee Chairman JIMSENSENBRENNER , and Congressman TEDPOE, sponsor of the House companion. And, I also want to acknowledge Senator PATRICK LEAHY for his authorship of the underlying statute and for his leadership in the reauthorization of these critical programs. For the foregoing reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), who is an original cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding 2 minutes, and I want to thank her and the chairman, the gentleman from Virginia, for their hard work on this very important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, as the lead Democratic cosponsor of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act and the cochair of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with my good friend and colleague Congressman TEDPOE, who I know wanted to be here and who has worked so hard on this legislation, we as the chairs of the bipartisan Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus want those groups out there throughout the country to understand how important this legislation is. The broad coalition of groups that are supporting this and the bipartisan group of lawmakers who worked tirelessly to get this legislation on the House floor today is making a difference. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act will improve our criminal justice system, and it will strengthen programs for victims of crimes. The healing process for the survivors of violent crime, as we all know, can be extremely painful and it can be difficult. This legislation also helps those survivors by providing resources to reduce, as has been noted already, the 
rape kit backlog. It also improves housing rights for domestic violence victims. We have these centers in our congressional districts that many of us are familiar with where spouses and children go to escape violence. It also assists with hiring fulltime sexual assault nurse examiners in every hospital throughout the country. Additionally, this bill ensures that the guilty are punished and helps to protect the wrongfully convicted by improving access to postconviction DNA testing. One thing we have learned for certain over the last decade is that, in law enforcement, DNA testing has become an important tool to apprehend and to prove guilt where, in fact, we did not have that tool before. These strengthened policies will better provide support for victims of crime throughout the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, these policies will provide better support for victims of crime throughout the country, especially those who live in rural regions, and we have many rural regions throughout the country. I represent one of those areas in California, the San Joaquin Valley. I urge my colleagues in the House to support this bill, and I hope the Senate acts swiftly before the end of the year so this Justice for All Reauthorization Act is enacted before Congress adjourns. Let us remember, Mr. Speaker, that these victims of crimes are members of our families; they are our neighbors; they are people who we know in our communities and in our congressional districts. We know who they are, and we know that these are innocent victims of crime. This legislation goes a long way to address their issues. I urge the support of my colleagues. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I will close my remarks by thanking Mr. COSTA for his leadership. We know that our good friend Congressman TEDPOEwanted to be here. We thank him for his leadership and the many Members who engaged in this important legislation. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act is supported by a broad spectrum of organizations involved in or affected by our criminal justice system. Let me share a few: the National Sheriffs’ Association, the National District Attorneys Association, the Council of State Governments, the United States Conference of Mayors, the National Center for Victims of Crime, the Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights, the Human Rights Campaign, and the Innocence Project. In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues in the House, including Judiciary Committee Chairman BOB GOODLATTE ; Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman SENSENBRENNER ; and Congressman TEDPOE, the sponsor of the House companion; and the work that we have done on the Judiciary Committee, as I started out my remarks, in dealing with the enormity of sentencing, passing legislation that will reduce the impact of mandatory minimums, prison reform that we have passed, and certainly looking to reform juvenile justice. I, too, hope that the legislation that we are speaking of will move and be passed before this session of Congress ends. I would like to think optimistically that we may get some very important bills that we have dealt with in the Judiciary Committee passed as well. I also want to acknowledge Senator PATRICK LEAHY for his authorship of the underlying statute and for his leadership of the reauthorization of these critical programs, and as I indicated, my senior Senator, JOHN CORNYN , of Texas. I want to conclude by saying that I left Texas in the backdrop of a Federal court hearing that dealt with the broken bail system, another aspect of criminal justice reform, where 40 percent of individuals on misdemeanors who cannot pay $150 or cannot pay $100 remain incarcerated. What we are doing today is we are joining in a bipartisan manner to begin to approach some of those inequities by this legislation, and I know that we can move forward on many others. So I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation today, which is an important bill, S. 2577, and the House companion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for his hard work and his leadership on this issue, and I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) as well. This is a very good bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote for the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I urge the House to pass the Justice for All Reauthorization Act to improve crime victims access to justice, support law enforcement, exonerate the innocent, and strengthen and improve our criminal justice system. In the House, I would like to thank Representative JIMCOSTA for joining me in introducing this important legislation. I would also like to thank Senator JOHN CORNYN and Senator P ATRICK  LEAHY for sponsoring this bill in the Senate. The Justice for All Act of 2004 enhanced protection for crime victims, provided resources to expand the use of DNA and forensic technology to capture and convict criminals, and established safeguards to reverse wrongful convictions. This legislation reauthorizes these important programs and also increases crime victims access to restitution and improves housing protections for domestic violence victims. Under this legislation, states will be encouraged to test unexamined DNA evidence in criminal cases to ensure that innocent people are not imprisoned for crimes they did not commit. But one of the most important things this law will do is tackle the national rape kit backlog by providing critically important resources to forensic labs. A victim of rape is sentenced to a lifetime of mental turmoil, but as rape victim Debbie Smith can attest, also knowing that your attacker is still on the streets is far worse. Debbie was at home doing laundry one afternoon in Williamsburg, Virginia. Suddenly, a masked intruder walked through her backdoor and dragged her outside into a wooded area where he raped her repeatedly. Her attacker told her that if she called the police, he would return to her house and kill her. She was lucky to escape with her life. It was only after her husband begged her to contact the police that she agreed to take a forensic exam. Even though the police had a DNA sample, they didn’t test her rape kit. Debbie was left in fear that her rapist would return to her home and kill her for reporting her rape. Finally, after six and a half years, the police tested Debbie’s kit and put her attacker behind bars. Debbie has since become a fierce advocate for the elimination of the rape kit testing backlog that occurs all across the nation, and she has been a loud supporter of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act’s provisions to address this issue. As Debbie has said, I know that DNA testing gave me peace, and I want to make sure that other victims have that same opportunity. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 is supported by over a thousand victim advocacy groups from around the country. I urge my colleagues to vote to pass this important, bipartisan piece of legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2577, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5422) to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5422 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE; PERFECTING AMENDMENT. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5422, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we consider on suspension H.R. 5422. This bill corrects an inadvertent change made in the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 that caused grant funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline to be processed through the Department of Justice rather than through the Department of Health and Human Services, as it had been historically. The National Human Trafficking Hotline is a tollfree hotline, available to answer calls from anywhere in the United States, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, in more than 200 languages. The hotline’s mission is to connect trafficking victims and survivors to critical support services and to equip the antitrafficking community with the tools to effectively combat all forms of human trafficking. This bill was introduced on June 9, 2015, by Congressman TEDPOE, a tireless advocate for the prevention of human trafficking and for trafficking victims, and the bill passed out of the Judiciary Committee on November 16 by a voice vote. While Congressman POEis undergoing treatment for leukemia and is unable to be here, I want to once again let him know that he is in our prayers. We are confident in his recovery and continue to appreciate all his work on these important human trafficking matters. I thank Congressman POEfor sponsoring this legislation that corrects an inadvertent drafting oversight, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5422, a bill that I have cosponsored in order to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, a crucial component in the fight against human trafficking, and also to pay tribute to my neighbor, Congressman TEDPOE, and join in wishing him a strong recovery. We look forward to continuing to work against the scourge of human trafficking. We have been told, of course, of Houston being the epicenter of such. As I have said many times before, trafficking in human beings has no place in a civilized society. Congress decided 150 years ago that no individual deserves to be bought, owned, or sold. Our country is now faced with a modernday version of slavery that denies victims of their humanity and violates the most basic American ideals of liberty and individual autonomy. Human trafficking is the second fastest growing criminal enterprise: 4,177 sex trafficking cases and 824 trafficking cases were reported in the first 9 months of this year in the United States and its territories. Traffickers use trickery and, most often, coercion and violence to force victims to provide labor or perform sexual acts. My home city of Houston has been identified as a hub for human trafficking, as I have said. I am proud to say that Houston and the entire State of Texas are working hard to stave off this growing threat. In an effort to understand the problem and find real solutions, we held several hearings in 2014, including the firstever field hearing on human trafficking held by the Committee on Homeland Security that I serve on. During that hearing, we heard from victims and survivors of human trafficking. They recounted indignities they suffered as well as the physical and psychological damage done while they were young children but still felt as adults. I am very gratified that Congressman TEDPOEparticipated in that hearing, and it was very constructive and instructive as we try to continue working on a solution. I traveled to a stash house and witnessed the atrocious conditions under which these people are held and forced to engage. We now know that a comprehensive, collaborative approach that includes lawmakers, law enforcement, victim advocates, community organizations, and social service providers is necessary to identify victims and lead them to safety, restore them, and bring their captors to justice. b1600 The National Human Trafficking Resource Center plays a critical role in the effort to save, protect, and restore victims of human trafficking. The NHTRC is a national antitrafficking hotline and resource center created and overseen by the Department of Health and Human Services and funded through grant money appropriated to HHS. It is very important. In 2015, the NHTRC received more than 24,000 signals regarding human trafficking cases or issues related to human trafficking, which includes phone calls, online tips, and emails. The NHTRC is invaluable to victims, survivors, and stakeholders involving the fight against human trafficking— connecting human trafficking victims and survivors to local, victimcentered support services that provide crisis intervention, urgent or nonurgent care, or lead them to safety; providing tools to fight against human trafficking; and reporting potential trafficking tips to law enforcement. This is a very valuable service and lifeline. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), who has a long history of working with children, of arguing and advocating against the mistreatment of foster care children who find themselves disproportionately involved and subjected to the potential of human trafficking. I thank her for her leadership, for being a cosponsor of this legislation, and a Member of the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Human Trafficking Hotline. I also want to join with my colleagues in wishing well Judge POE, and wishing him a speedy recovery. He has been a leader on this issue for many, many years, and the hotline is a critical feature of how we can address human trafficking in our country. I also support the resources being managed under Health and Human Services. I believe it reflects the current awareness and knowledge that this really shouldn’t be managed by law enforcement. We have all heard the stories of women and children who have been taken from location to location and forced to have sex against their will. Currently, there are more cases of human trafficking reported in California than in any other State. This hotline has served as a lifeline/vital resource to human trafficking victims and their advocates. In California alone this year, there have been over 3,000 calls received on the hotline, resulting in over 1,000 human trafficking cases being reported, nearly a third of which are minors. Unfortunately, there is a growing body of evidence that youth who fall through the cracks in the foster care system end up trafficked. As of 2012 in California, 50 to 80 percent of the commercially exploited children had been involved in the child welfare system. Fiftyeight percent of sexually trafficked girls in the Los Angeles County STAR Court in 2012 were under age and were connected to the foster care system. In Los Angeles, we are fortunate 
to have a STAR Court, but the purpose of this court is to deal with underage children who have been trafficked. I recently hosted an event in my district in order to train faith leaders in my community to identify and direct resources to women and girls who had been victims of trafficking. Often, it is members of our communities who are the first line of defense for these girls. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 1 minute. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, we must work to break the fostercaretochild sextraffickingvictim pipeline by continuing to fund additional programs, like the National Human Trafficking Hotline, to help identify victims and provide them with the resources that they need. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me give my closing remarks and indicate that I am grateful in determining that the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which, unfortunately, was enacted last year, mistakenly directed that funding for the NHTRC be given to the Justice Department instead of HHS, which would still be responsible for administering it. Therefore, we need to change the law to ensure that funding be directed to HHS so that it will continue to fund and oversee NHTRC in the same manner and efficiently as it has in the past. For that reason, this is an important initiative. I commend again the actions and efforts and commitment of my colleague, Congressman TEDPOE. I wish him good health and thank him for continuing to work on behalf of human trafficking victims. This bill is evidence that we have the ability to work together as a unified body to address issues that affect our country and, more importantly, that those victims of this dastardly human trafficking, when they feel so alone and cannot reach out, have a body of Members, House and Senate, who recognize the urgency and importance of this effort to help them restore their lives, but, more importantly, to stand in the way of this terrible and heinous act. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5422, a bill I have cosponsored in order to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, a crucial component in the fight against human trafficking. As I have said many times before, trafficking in human beings has no place in a civilized society. Congress decided 150 years ago that no individual deserves to be bought, owned, or sold. Our country is now faced with a modernday version of slavery that denies victims of their humanity and violates the most basic American ideals of liberty and individual autonomy. Human trafficking is the secondfastest growing criminal enterprise. 4,177 sex trafficking cases and 824 labor trafficking cases were reported in the first nine months of this year in the United States and its territories. Traffickers use trickery and, most often, coercion and violence to force victims to provide labor or perform sexual acts. My home city of Houston has been identified as a hub for human trafficking. I am proud to say that Houston and the entire state of Texas are working hard to stave off this growing threat. In an effort to understand the problem and find real solutions, we held several hearings in 2014, including a Field Hearing before the Committee on Homeland Security. During that hearing, we heard from victims and survivors of human trafficking. They recounted indignities they suffered as well as the physical and psychological damage done while they were young children, but still felt as adults. I traveled to a stash house and witnessed the atrocious conditions under which these people are held. We now know that a comprehensive, collaborative approach that includes law makers, law enforcement, victim advocates, community organizations, and social service providers is necessary to identify victims, lead them to safety, restore them, and bring their captors to justice. The National Human Trafficking Resource Center plays a critical role in the effort to save, protect, and restore victims of human trafficking. The NHTRC is a national antitrafficking hotline and resource center, created and overseen by the Department of Health and Human Services, and funded through grant money appropriated to HHS. In 2015, the NHTRC received more than 24,000 alerts regarding human trafficking cases or issues related to human trafficking, which includes phone calls, online tips, and emails. The NHTRC is invaluable to victims, survivors, and stakeholders involved in the fight against human trafficking—connecting human trafficking victims and survivors to local, victimcentered support services that provide crisis intervention, urgent or nonurgent care, or lead them to safety; providing tools to fight against human trafficking; and reporting potential trafficking tips to law enforcement. Unfortunately, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which was enacted last year, mistakenly directed that funding for the NHTRC be given to the Justice Department instead of HHS, which would still be responsible for administering it. Therefore, we need to change the law to ensure that funding be directed to HHS so that it will continue to fund and oversee the NHRTC in the same, efficient manner as it has in the past. Mr. Speaker, I commend the efforts of my colleague, Congressman TEDPOE. I wish him good health and thank him for continuing to work on behalf of human trafficking victims. This bill is evidence that we have the ability to work together as a unified body to address issues that affect our country. I ask that my colleagues join me in supporting this bill today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let’s pass this legislation in honor of Congressman and former Judge TED POE, who has been a champion in the battle against human trafficking. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Laura was a middle school counselor who noticed that one of her students had begun to act strangely. Laura’s instincts were right. Out of the classroom, her student, Alyssa, had started to frequently flee her foster home and was often found in random locations with adult strangers. After some investigation, Laura learned that Alyssa had been lured into the business of having sex with adults. Traffickers did what they do best, identified a vulnerable young woman and lured her into the sex trade. Laura immediately contacted the National Human Trafficking Hotline, reported what had happened to her young student and they were able to advise her on how to proceed and what social services and law enforcement agencies to contact. Because of the hotline, Laura was able to save Alyssa’s life. The National Human Trafficking Hotline serves as an essential lifeline to victims of trafficking, but it also serves as an important source of information to those who suspect they have encountered a victim of trafficking and don’t know how to help. This hotline is an essential tool in the fight against human trafficking in the United States. H.R. 5422 is a bipartisan, noncontroversial bill that makes a small technical fix to allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to continue funding the National Human Trafficking Hotline (NHTH). In the House, I introduced this bill with Representative CAROLYN MALONEY . I would also like to thank Senator JOHN CORNYN and Senator A MY KLOBUCHAR for sponsoring this bill in the Senate. Without the National Hotline’s guidance, Laura may never have known how to help that poor child escape her traffickers. The hotline provides trafficking victims and survivors with access to critical support and emergency services, collects tips about potential trafficking situations and disseminates training and informational materials to help raise awareness in our communities. HHS created and currently oversees and funds the NHTH. As it stands today, the funding for HHS’s annual grants has been appropriated to the Department of Justice. This bill is a simple technical fix to codify the hotline within HHS and to help continue the important work being done by our nation’s antihuman trafficking hotline. Having the hotline under the jurisdiction of DOJ creates an unnecessary and unhelpful additional layer of bureaucracy. It forces HHS to be dependent on funds from DOJ to run the hotline. It is more efficient and effective for HHS to continue using its own finds to operate the NHTH. I urge the House to pass this simple bipartisan measure to ensure the continued ease of funding to the National Human Trafficking Hotline through the Department of Health and Human Services. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5422. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
UNITED STATES–ISRAEL ADVANCED RESEARCH PARTNERSHIP ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5877) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United StatesIsrael Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security research and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5877 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United StatesIsrael Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that today the House is considering H.R. 5877, the United StatesIsrael Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016. Israel is our strongest and most trusted ally in the Middle East, and I am grateful to join with the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), my friend, in working to expand and strengthen this bond through long term collaboration on cybersecurity efforts between our countries. H.R. 5877 builds on decades of partnership with the State of Israel by amending current law to authorize the Under Secretary of the Science and Technology Directorate at the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to enter into cooperative research activities with Israel. H.R. 5877 also amends the U.S.Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 by further formalizing the program and by adding cybersecurity to the list of research areas authorized under the act. The U.S.Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 currently authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct cooperative research programs to enhance Israel’s capabilities in border security, explosives detection, and emergency services. My bill now adds cybersecurity to that important list. Mr. Speaker, violence and instability in the Middle East present significant challenges for Israel as our major strategic partner in that region of the world, and enhancing collaboration between our countries is, therefore, essential to ensuring Israel’s continued ability to defend herself. Mr. Speaker, I introduced this legislation following an indepth congressional delegation that I led to Israel earlier this year, along with my colleague, Mr. LANGEVIN . While there, we were able to meet with Israel’s top national security figures, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, to discuss homeland security and cybersecurity threats to the United States and Israel, and to develop strategies for better cooperation in defending against these threats. Mr. LANGEVIN and I also met with Israel’s cybersecurity firms to learn about their efforts and to discuss the potential application of these innovative technologies to U.S. homeland security. In recent years, Israel’s tech sector has been booming with cybersecurity and technology startups, and many United States tech companies now have a presence in Israel. Much of Israel’s success in the tech sector results from its development of a very robust cyber workforce, and we discussed ways to apply these lessons here in the United States. The United States and Israel share a joint recognition that cybersecurity is national security, and that our two nations must closely partner to combat these growing threats. This is exactly why I was so pleased to be able to introduce H.R. 5877, the United States Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016, and why I also express my strong support for Mr. LANGEVIN ’s bill, H.R. 5843, the United StatesIsrael Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016. I thank my friend and colleague, Mr. LANGEVIN , for his bipartisan partnership on these very important bills. As the cofounder and cochairman of the bipartisan Cybersecurity Caucus, he has long been a leader on cybersecurity issues here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMPSON , and subcommittee Ranking Member RICHMOND for their help in getting this legislation across the finish line today. I also thank Chairman ROYCE and the staff of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their assistance in moving the legislation to the floor today. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Security. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee regarding H.R. 5877, the United StatesIsrael Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further consideration of that measure, so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding that forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar 
legislation in the future. I also request your support for the appointment of Foreign Affairs conferees to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee report, and also in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5877, the ‘‘United StatesIsrael Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will forego further action on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing further action on this bill at this time, the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Foreign Affairs represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5877, the United StatesIsrael Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, both this bill and the subsequent measure that we will consider today are connected, as the chairman mentioned, to a congressional delegation trip that Chairman RATCLIFFE  and I took to Israel earlier this year. I thank Chairman RATCLIFFE for his leadership on cybersecurity and other homeland security related issues. The focus of our trip was cybersecurity, and we learned a great deal about the innovative work the Israelis are doing in this space, both within government and in the private sector. Israel was one of the first countries to recognize the potential threat posed by interconnected computer systems, and they have been leaders in cybersecurity now for decades. For instance, the first stateful firewall technology was developed by an Israeli firm. Today, these firewalls are ubiquitous across the information security landscape. b1615 In fact, despite its size, Israel is the second largest exporter of cybersecurity goods and services behind only the United States. In addition to being a fertile source of public and private sector innovation in the domain, Israel is also the United States’ critical strategic partner in the Middle East. In recognizing this confluence of strategic and research interests, the Department of Homeland Security established a memorandum of agreement with the Israeli Ministry of Public Security that was focused on joint homeland security research and development efforts, including cybersecurity. As a founding member of the Homeland Security Committee, I remember when this MOA was first reached, and I think it is a very positive thing that we are working together on these types of issues with Israel. This MOA provides an excellent foundation for cooperation between our two nations; but one of the common themes we heard during our trip was: Can we be doing even more? After all, it is my firm belief that cybersecurity is the most significant national security challenge of the information age in which we live. It has certainly been a pleasure working with Mr. RATCLIFFE , who, very quickly during his time here in Congress, has recognized the significance of the challenge that is in front of us. This national security challenge, of course, is not confined to any nation. On the contrary, our adversaries in cyberspace—most notably Iran—are infiltrating the networks in both of our countries. What is more, the interconnected nature of our information systems leads to a blurring of geography. A cyber threat against Israel could easily migrate to the United States or vice versa, and there is no Internet border patrol, if you will, that will preemptively stop it from spreading. Some of these challenges can be addressed through collective cyber defense, particularly information sharing, which is why I am grateful that thenDeputy Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas negotiated an enhanced cybersecurity cooperative agreement with Israel earlier this year that will promote engagement and collaboration by our respective computer emergency readiness teams, or CERTs. One of the things that I have learned in my near decade as cochair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus is that the landscape evolves at a dizzying pace. While we must work with our allies to jointly use existing capabilities, it is only through the development of innovative new techniques and technologies that we have any hope of stemming the tide of the cyber attacks that we face. With that background in mind, Mr. Speaker, I offer my fullthroated support for the bill under consideration. H.R. 5877 expands an existing pilot program at the Homeland Security Advanced Research Projects Agency, or HSARPA, to further collaboration on cybersecurity capability development. This program is particularly important because it addresses specific needs from the homeland security community which may not be present in other sectors and which may not be addressed by existing commercial, off theshelf products. Cybersecurity is subject to the same valley of death, if you will, between early applied research and viable commercial product as other cuttingedge fields, and this bill helps ensure that innovative technologies will make it to market that are responsive to the needs of our DHS cybersecurity professionals. This last point, of course, is worth reemphasizing. While we face similar challenges on government networks as other entities, small businesses and government agencies all run Windows on their PCs. We also face problems that, of course, are unique to nationstates. It is incumbent upon nations that believe in a free and open Internet to work together to preserve its immense benefit and to facilitate collaboration between our countries’ innovators. It is natural for us to expand other areas of similar homeland security interests—explosives detection, border security, and emergency services—to include cybersecurity. I am grateful for Mr. RATCLIFFE ’s leadership in bringing forth a bill that both cements existing relationships and expands them to the leading threat facing our Nation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5877. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Congressman LANGEVIN for his kind words and for his leadership in connection with this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining on my side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Rhode Island has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. LANGEVIN for their leadership on this issue, and I rise in support of H.R. 5877, which speaks to the crucialness of cybersecurity as does the following bill by Mr. LANGEVIN . It is interesting that, some years ago, as the chairperson of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, infrastructure was included, and cybersecurity was a part of that. During that tenure, we looked at the vast impact that cyber and security would have on the lives of Americans and on the people around the world. From water systems to sewer systems, an attack on the cyber system could clearly undermine the quality of life of people around the world. Obviously, Israel fully comprehended this in its enhanced level of innovative work when dealing with cybersecurity and particularly, as Mr. LANGEVIN said, in the importance of creating firewalls, which we have been able to see. I congratulate the sponsors of this legislation and will say that we need to 
UNITED STATESISRAEL CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5843) to establish a grant program at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative research and development between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5843 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United StatesIsrael Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague, Mr. LANGEVIN , for offering this very important piece of legislation today. As I mentioned earlier, both H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 were the result of our successful congressional delegation to the State of Israel, where we heard and learned firsthand about the importance of strong collaboration between our two nations—the United States and Israel. This legislation further builds on the existing agreements between the United States and Israel by authorizing the Secretary to carry out a grant program to bolster the cyber defenses of both countries. It is vitally important that the United States and Israel have robust and innovative cyber defenses in order to stay ahead of our adversaries, and this legislation will help ensure that that is achieved. Again, I thank Mr. LANGEVIN and his staff for their partnership on this very important issue, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5843, the United StatesIsrael Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016. Much like the previous bill, H.R. 5843 is about enhancing cooperation with our allies in Israel to develop innovative cybersecurity solutions that are directly responsive to the needs of our national security. Specifically, the bill creates a cybersecurity grant program for joint research and development ventures between Israeli and American entities. Projects would be selected after a meritreview—peerreview—process and would have to address requirements in cybersecurity that are determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. The grants would also be subject to a costsharing requirement, with at least 50 percent of project funds coming from a nonFederal source. Importantly, H.R. 5843 leverages existing United StatesIsrael R&D infrastructure, specifically the Binational Industrial Research and Development, or BIRD, Foundation and the Binational Science Foundation, or BSF. Both organizations have a proven track record of encouraging joint research efforts. 
BIRD, for instance, has financed R&D and commercialization projects that have led to a cumulative $8 billion in commercial sales since its founding while BSF regularly funds collaborations between the top scientists in our respective countries, as 45 Nobel laureates have received support from the foundation. Using the existing infrastructure, as was done in 2007 when Congress passed the Energy Independence and Security Act, which led to the creation of BIRD Energy, also allows us to capitalize on both foundations’ robust networks of American and Israeli entities to help seed these joint efforts. All of these factors are particularly critical in the fastmoving cybersecurity domain where offensive and defensive tactics and techniques change on a monthly or on even a weekly basis. b1630 As such, advances in the discipline require a near constant reexamining of assumptions, and having people from different backgrounds and security cultures working together engenders an environment where such reexamination is encouraged. While both the U.S. and Israel have robust cybersecurity communities, further collaboration is needed to spur more advances to combat the threats that we face. Although some of these advances are technological in nature, basic cybersecurity research, such as investigations into the psychology of secure interface design and social engineering, is also supported by the bill. All told, the programs authorized in H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 will both address urgent homeland security needs and build capacity for further transnational collaboration on cybersecurity, all while matching Federal investment with private dollars and funds from the Israeli Government. As with any bill to make it to the floor, both H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 owe much to the dedicated staff who spent hours behind the scenes reviewing the legislation. In particular, I would like to thank Brett DeWitt, Christopher Schepis, and Erik Peterson from the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, who joined Representative RATCLIFFE and me on the congressional delegation trip that we took to Israel, as well as Emily Leviner on Mr. RATCLIFFE ’s personal staff and Nick Leiserson on my own staff. I am also very grateful, of course, to Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member THOMPSON , and Subcommittee Ranking Member RICHMOND for their continued leadership on the issue of cybersecurity and for their assistance in quickly actualizing the lessons we learned on our trip to Israel. Finally, once again, I owe a debt of gratitude to the gentleman across the aisle, Mr. RATCLIFFE , who, in just in his first term, has immediately had a substantial impact on our Nation’s cybersecurity, as I said previously, and with whom it has been a great pleasure to work. Mr. Speaker, taken together, H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 do three things: they encourage innovative approaches to address top priorities in homeland security R&D; they strengthen ties with Israel, one of our closest allies; and they do so in a publicprivate partnership that matches Federal investment. I urge Members to support H.R. 5843. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LANGEVIN for his kind words. I would also like to congratulate him on his hard work and his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill is about innovation. It is a bill about bringing together the best minds in the U.S. and in Israel to help manage what has become an intractable problem. It is a bill that is sorely needed. In the past year, just by way of example, we have seen the first cyber attack on a power grid in Ukraine. Many devices that are part of the Internet of Things have been compromised and used to attack Web sites and services. Most disturbingly, the very foundation of our democracy, our voting system, has been targeted in a Russian information warfare campaign that leverages hacked documents. These are the national and Homeland Security threats that keep me up at night, and they are also the same types of threats that motivate the Israel National Cyber Bureau. Working together, I believe that we can make meaningful progress to reduce the nationstate specific risk both countries face and better secure the entire Internet ecosystem. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will move quickly to take up this issue. I would like to particularly thank my dear friend and home State colleague, Senator SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , for his efforts in this regard. He has been the leader in so many ways on the Senate side on cybersecurity, among other things, and has been an invaluable partner to me in this effort. Again, let me thank Representative RATCLIFFE for his work on this bill and his leadership on the committee. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LANGEVIN , and I urge my colleagues to support his bill, H.R. 5843. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5843, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR HEADSTONES, MARKERS, AND MEDALLIONS FOR MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4757) to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4757 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR HEADSTONES, MARKERS, AND MEDALLIONS FOR MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 4757, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 4757, as amended. This bill would expand two different honors for our Nation’s heroes, guaranteeing that their service would never be forgotten. First, the bill would expand eligibility for a Presidential Memorial Certificate to members of the National Guard or Reserve. Mr. Speaker, Presidential Memorial Certificates are engraved certificates that are signed by the President and sent to a deceased servicemember’s family, honoring their loved one’s service and sacrifice to our country. My bill would ensure that all service is recognized and cherished because all servicemembers take the exact same oath to support and to defend the Constitution of the United States. Second, H.R. 4757, as amended, would allow the VA to furnish a headstone, marker, or medallion signifying that the deceased was awarded the Medal of Honor. We all know that veterans who were awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor, deserve to have their service recognized both in life and after they pass. This bill would make it easier for visitors at any cemetery to pay their respects to Medal of Honor recipients by allowing them to quickly identify our national heroes. Moreover, these headstones, markers, or medallions will also continue to inspire the next generation of Americans who will be serving our country. I hope that in 100, 200, or even 1,000 years from now future Americans will still take the time to find the graves of these incredibly brave men and women and give thanks that they are living in the greatest Nation in the history of this world. This legislation would help us fulfill our duty as a nation to encourage continued respect and admiration for those that have gone on before us. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 4757, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to offer my unqualified support for H.R. 4757, Chairman MILLER ’s bill that updates current law to ensure our Nation’s heroes are accorded the recognition they deserve, particularly those afforded the Nation’s highest honor for valor, the Medal of Honor. First, H.R. 4757 directs the VA to provide, upon request, a distinctive headstone, marker, or medallion to Medal of Honor recipients who are buried in private cemeteries. This bill is necessary because current law actually prohibits the Secretary from furnishing these honors to recipients not buried in national cemeteries. Second, while the VA sends a Presidential Memorial Certificate that expresses the Nation’s recognition and gratitude of military service to family members of a deceased veteran, current law limits Presidential Memorial Certificates to the families of those who served in regular armed services or National Guard and Reserve members who were called to Active Duty. H.R. 4757 very rightly expands eligibility for a Presidential Memorial Certificate to members of the Reserve component of the Armed Forces and the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard eligible for interment or inurnment in national cemeteries. Finally, current law only allows VA to pay for the cost of transporting the remains of a deceased veteran to the nearest open national cemetery. If it is the family’s choice instead to be buried in a State or tribal veteran’s cemetery, H.R. 4757 authorizes VA to pay the costs associated with transporting the remains of an eligible deceased veteran to that cemetery nearest to the deceased veteran’s last residence. Mr. Speaker, honoring the memory of deceased veterans is our greatest responsibility at the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and I am pleased to support Chairman MILLER ’s legislation which refines and improves on the ways we are doing that. I encourage my colleagues to support this important legislation and join me in passing H.R. 4757, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 4757, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4757, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. PROTECTING VETERANS’ EDUCATIONAL CHOICE ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5047) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor to provide information to veterans and members of the Armed Forces about articulation agreements between institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5047 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material and other items to H.R. 5047. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5047, the Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016, would further protect student veterans by requiring that, when the Department of Veterans Affairs 
provides educational counseling or a certificate of eligibility to veterans or servicemembers who are eligible for VA education benefits, the Department also provide information on articulation agreements at institutions of higher learning. b1645 The Post9/11 GI Bill has benefitted more than 1.5 million servicemembers, veterans, and their dependents since its inception in 2009. While many of these beneficiaries complete their entire program of education at one school, we often see individuals who transfer to another school in the middle of their program due to a plethora of circumstances. If they do transfer schools, their previously earned credits can play a large role in determining the length of time it may take for students to complete their program at the new school that they have chosen to go to, and in some cases not all earned credits will transfer. Often, the transferability of certain credits between different institutions of higher learning is not always on an individual’s radar when they apply for a certain school or a certain program, and a veteran may or may not have understood how credits transfer when they first initiated their education career. H.R. 5047 would simply provide our student veterans with additional information as they apply to and attend schools by requiring VA to provide information on articulation agreements at a particular school and that school’s agreements with another institution. Our veterans and their dependents deserve full transparency as they set out to use their hardearned benefits. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) for introducing this bipartisan legislation which has my complete support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5047, the Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) for introducing this commendable legislation. This bill would require the VA to include information about the educational services available to all veterans seeking to use their Post9/11 GI Bill benefits, and it would require VA counselors who provide educational or vocational counseling to inform the veterans about the articulation agreements that exist between schools that govern the transfer of credits. Articulation agreements refer to formal agreements between two or more institutions of higher learning, documenting the credit transfer policies for a specific academic program. Student veterans have an important decision to make when they choose a college or university to attend with their Post9/11 GI Bill benefits. It is essential that they understand at the outset whether they could transfer their credits to another college or university down the line. We have seen too many examples of student veterans depleting their limited GI Bill benefits to attend forprofit colleges, only to find out later that their opportunities to transfer to schools without losing time, money, and credit hours are severely limited. Ensuring that student veterans know in advance whether a school will give them credit for completed courses if they choose to transfer will help veterans avoid choosing schools where their credits will not transfer, thus saving them both time and their hard earned Post9/11 GI Bill benefits. I thank Representative HICEfor introducing this important piece of legislation, which I am proud to cosponsor and support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the 10th District of Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE), the sponsor of this particular piece of legislation, the gentleman from the great community of Monroe. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, obviously I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 5047, the Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016. Let me just extend a very sincere and heartfelt thank you to Chairman MILLER and Ranking Member T AKANO — who, by the way, is an original cosponsor of this bill—for their support of this bill and overall wide support for this bill. I appreciate the comments that both of my colleagues have made pertaining to this bill. The Post9/11 GI Bill, I believe without question, is the most generous educational benefit that our Nation has ever passed. As has already been mentioned, over a million student veterans have benefited tremendously from that particular piece of legislation. Some of the benefits include help to cover cost of tuition, books, supplies, even housing. Yet, in spite of all this, we still find that many of our veterans find themselves still having to take out student loans. Part of the reason for that is, as has been discussed by my colleagues, many of these veterans, as they are going to various schools somewhere in the midst of the process, discover that the credits that they have received from this school won’t transfer over here; and somewhere in the middle of that timeframe, much of their GI Bill has already been spent, and so they find themselves in an extremely difficult and awkward position. I won’t reiterate the details of this bill because it has already been done, but the basics of this addresses that problem, Mr. Speaker. It does not have anything to say regarding what school a veteran chooses. They are free to go to whatever school they want to, but what this bill says is up front they need to be aware of whether or not their credits will transfer to another school. They don’t need to find that out on the back end. They need to be fully informed on the front end as they are making these career and educational choices. I think it is a shame for many of our veterans to feel that they have misused their GI benefits because they weren’t informed enough from the beginning of this process. It is incumbent upon Congress, I believe, to ensure that our veterans have as much information as they need at the front end of their educational choices that will best benefit them and their families. Again, I strongly thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support. I believe this bill is going to go a long way in addressing this problem. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5047. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation. I have no other speakers. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5047. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would encourage all Members to support H.R. 5047. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5047. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
WORKING TO INTEGRATE NETWORKS GUARANTEEING MEMBER ACCESS NOW ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5166) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide certain employees of Members of Congress and certain employees of State or local governmental agencies with access to casetracking information of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5166 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Working to Integrate Networks Guaranteeing Member Access Now Act’’ or the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 5166, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5166, as amended, the WINGMAN Act. I thank our colleagues, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS), for introducing the WINGMAN Act, which will help Members better serve our constituents. H.R. 5166 would allow our offices to assist veterans who are seeking information about the status of their claims for disability compensation. Unfortunately, when a congressional staff member contacts the VA for more information about a claim, it can take often weeks or months for the Department of Veterans Affairs to respond. VA’s delay in answering congressional inquiries only adds to the veteran’s frustration. The veteran simply wants to know the status of his or her claim. H.R. 5166, as amended, would require VA to give designated permanent, full time congressional employees access to VA databases so that our staff can tell a veteran the current status of their application for benefits. Moreover, to protect veterans’ privacy, the WINGMAN Act mandates that congressional employees first obtain permission before viewing a veteran’s information. At the same time, the congressional employee would not be able to alter the electronic file in any way. Passing this bill will help veterans who simply want to understand where their claim is in the process. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5166, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5166, sponsored by Representative YOHO, which would give certified congressional office caseworkers access to veterans’ electronic disability claims records at the Veterans Benefits Administration. The purpose of the bill is to provide faster answers to our veteran constituents who call our offices to help with their VA claims. By the time veterans contact us, many have already faced delays or frustrating experiences trying to get answers themselves. This bill will allow our congressional caseworkers readonly access to disability claims records. This means they will not be able to add or remove anything from a veteran’s record. The bill also includes privacy safeguards, which reinforce the necessity for getting prior consent from a veteran before a caseworker can access a veteran’s files. Additionally, the bill requires that congressional employees certified for this access must be full time employees who provide constituent services. I am hopeful that as this program is developed, VA will put in place a tracking system to ensure these employees are only assisting constituents from their congressional districts and that congressional staff are held accountable if found to have abused any aspect of this new and unprecedented authority. In short, Mr. Speaker, there is broad, bipartisan support among our colleagues for helping veterans get timely answers to their claims questions. Allowing fulltime congressional staff members access to electronic disability claims records on a readonly basis is a step in the direction of putting the veteran’s interest first and foremost. I support H.R. 5166, as amended, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Third District of the State of Florida (Mr. YOHO), a primary sponsor of this legislation. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MILLER , a fellow Floridian, for his support of this measure. Without his help and the help of his team— Maria and Cecilia in particular—we would not be here today. This is a monumental bill for our veterans. This comes down to customer service for our veterans. I feel we are in the customer service business. They are not constituents. These are people who have paid the price to defend this country, and it is time that we give them the service that they need. What this does is it gives us read only access to a veteran’s claim. We have already got a privacy form. We are on a secure system, and this just moves the claim through the process that much quicker so that we can find out why it is hung up. So many times, as the chairman said, the average time it takes for an office to receive the records they request from the VA is 6 months, and at times even over a year. What this will do is, we can look into there, we can read only that particular case, and we can say, You forgot to sign it, you forgot to date it, you forgot to check this box; and we can report immediately back to the veteran. It should free up the VA system. No single man or woman who has served and protected our freedoms should have to wait to receive the care and benefits that they have more than earned. Unfortunately, they have become statistics, nothing more than numbers on the page, so many times with the VA system. This ends with the 
passage of the WINGMAN bill. The WINGMAN removes the middleman and allows the staff to access these records directly without waiting on the VA. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support this measure and be a good wingman and let our Nation’s veterans know that we have their six. Again, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS) for his help on this strong bipartisan bill. b1700 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor as a veteran who is currently still serving in the United States Air Force Reserve. I served in Iraq. What Mr. YOHO and Mr. D AVIS have done here is come together to bring common sense to something that really is amazing: we have veterans today who have to call their Congressman to get help, and we are actually hamstrung in trying to help them. That is not the way it should be. Our veterans deserve the best service that they can have. They deserve it on time, they deserve it in a prompt fashion, and they should not have to call their Congressman. But when they do, we need to give our congressional offices all the tools that they need to help with that. I just want to compliment these Congressmen for bringing this bill forward and encourage the House to support this. This is a great bill, and it is really the reason why we are here. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), another prime sponsor of this bill, who is from the 13th Congressional District. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about Carl, an Army veteran from Springfield, Illinois, who couldn’t get a response from the VA to receive cancer treatment through the VA Choice program. After multiple communications, my office was finally able to get the authorization from the VA. Bette, from Staunton, Illinois, the wife of a decorated Vietnam vet who served his country for more than a decade, waited over a year for an answer from the VA about benefits owed to her late husband. Finally, my office was successful in getting Bette, who was experiencing financial difficulty at the time, the accrued benefits owed to her husband. Kenneth, of Urbana, Illinois, a Bronze Star recipient while serving in Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan, was denied benefits due to a missing doctor’s examination because he was deployed at the time and the VA never rescheduled the appointment. He contacted my office, and we worked with the VA to ensure that the benefits were received. Lawrence, of Palmer, Illinois, another Bronze Star and Purple Heart recipient, simply wanted a copy of his medical records but never heard back from the VA. After several months, he reached out to our office and we were able to get them from the VA. Another constituent of mine recently asked my office for help after her husband, who was a veteran, passed away. She has been waiting for 6 months for an answer from the VA, and now my office continues to wait for a response from the VA. These examples not only show the sometimes incompetence and unresponsiveness of certain personnel at the VA, but they also show how important congressional offices are to getting the answers our veterans need and deserve. Many times when a veteran contacts their Member of Congress for help, it is their last resort. It is not their first call. They don’t know where else to turn. Our caseworkers become the middleman between the veteran and the VA. VA casework in my office remains highest in volume. We currently have over 96 open cases, and we have closed nearly 1,000 in the 4 years that I have been in office. Ask almost any caseworker, and they will tell you the VA is one of the most difficult agencies to get a response from. It is unacceptable that it takes this long. That is why the WINGMAN Act, H.R. 5166, needs to be passed. It simply allows our certified constituent caseworkers, our advocates, to access certain VA files in order to check the status and progress of claims. This technology will be used to help our veterans get the answers they deserve. It is not going to solve the systemic problems we see at the VA, but it is going to help us hold the VA accountable and get answers for veterans whom we are honored to represent. I want to thank my colleague, Representative YOHO, for working with me and many others on this important piece of legislation; and, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman MILLER not only for his help on this, but for his service to this great institution. He is somebody who has put our veterans first as chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and somebody who has spent his career making sure that commonsense proposals like this get enacted so that our veterans, those whom he cares about the most and we care about the most, get the answers and the responses they deserve. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5166, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5166, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5166, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
HONORING INVESTMENTS IN RECRUITING AND EMPLOYING AMERICAN MILITARY VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3286) to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3286 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3286, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3286, as amended, would require the Department of Labor to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to recognize and to award employers with a HIRE Vets Medallion for their efforts to recruit, employ, and retain veterans, as well as their work to provide community and charitable services to veterans in their local communities. While we still have work to do, it is important to note that the veteran unemployment rate has continued to decrease over recent years and, as of last month, it was at a low of 4.3 percent. 
While many factors have led to the continued reduction of the unemployment rate for the men and women who have served, our Nation’s employers in both the public and the private sectors deserve a lot of the credit, and it is important that we highlight the work that these companies have done and publicly recognize their commitment for hiring veterans. With this idea in mind, H.R. 3286, as amended, would authorize the Secretary of Labor to create the HIRE Vets Medallion Program, which would recognize employers who hire and retain veterans, as well as companies who provide support services to the veterans in their communities. Employers would earn either platinum or gold status based on requirements related to the number of veterans hired each year, providing pay equity for guardsmen and Reserve employees who were called up to active military service, and other requirements. Once these employers have earned a HIRE Vets Medallion, they would be able to publicly display their award to illustrate the work they have done on behalf of veterans and the priority that they place on hiring veterans within their workforce. As we work to continue to decrease the national unemployment rate among our men and women who have served, it is vital that we highlight and step up and thank the employers who have employed these individuals and recognize the benefits of hiring a veteran. I want to thank Colonel PAUL COOK of California for introducing and advocating for this bill. It has my full and complete support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3286, as amended, the Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2016, or the HIRE Vets Act. I thank my colleague and fellow Inland Empire and California Representative Colonel PAULCOOKfor introducing this innovative bill. The HIRE Vets Act directs the Department of Labor’s Veterans’ Employment and Training Services, otherwise known as DOL VETS, to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program. This program will solicit voluntary information from private sector employers who successfully recruit, employ, and retain veterans, and allow these employers to display on their marketing materials a recognized medallion as a symbol of their commendable hiring practices. Employers who provide community and charitable services supporting veterans will also be eligible to display a HIRE Vets Medallion. Hiring veterans isn’t just the right thing to do from a moral perspective; it also makes good business sense. The men and women who served in our military received invaluable training and experience that has been proven to help them thrive in postmilitary employment, whether in the public or private sectors. Fortunately, we have been seeing encouraging trends in veterans’ employment. Thanks to the hard work of DOL VETS, combined with efforts within the private sector and Federal and State governments, the veterans’ unemployment rate in October was 4.3 percent. That is lower than the national unemployment rate, which was 4.9 percent. This continues a 24month trend, with only a single exception. We can all be very proud of the progress we have made in making sure more veterans are able to find quality, goodpaying jobs upon transitioning into civilian life. That said, we want to remain vigilant to make sure that the men and women who signed up to defend our Nation enjoy opportunities for growth and prosperity when they return home. Again, I want to thank my colleague, Colonel COOK, for offering this legislation to provide a uniform, recognizable medallion to show our appreciation to companies that hire and retain veteran employees. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill and to stand in support of its passage today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK), the sponsor of this legislation, from the Eighth District of California. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, as a combat veteran, I am deeply concerned that the men and women of our Armed Forces continue to struggle to find jobs upon their return to civilian life. These individuals have not only displayed great courage serving their country, but have acquired distinctive skills that make them ideal candidates for employment. Veterans who serve this country honorably should never struggle to find employment, which is why I have introduced H.R. 3286, the Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act, the HIRE Vets Act. As already mentioned, this bill creates an innovative system to encourage and recognize employers who make veterans a priority in their hiring practices, incentivizing the creation of thousands of jobs for veterans. This bill goes beyond simply recognizing that a business hires veterans. It is critical that we establish a nationwide gold standard program that creates a strong and consistent brand. This bill is an opportunity for Americans to see which companies truly live up to the employment promises they made to veterans. It is our duty to ensure veterans receive the benefits and resources they have earned through their services to this country, and that includes encouraging meaningful job opportunities. I have been around a long while and, of course, have my own experiences from Vietnam, where a lot of veterans returned to their hometown and were shunned; they were ostracized, creating problems in terms of alcohol, drugs, you name it. A lot of it was related to the fact that they couldn’t find a job or people didn’t want to talk to them. This bill, I think, with the help of businesses, goes a long way to correct a problem we have had for many, many years. This bill passed out of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee unanimously, and I want to thank Chairman MILLER  and Ranking Member TAKANO for their support. I would also like to thank Representative TULSI GABBARD for being the original cosponsor of this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. b1715 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3286, a bill on which I am proud to have worked with my colleague and fellow veteran, the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK), whose service I honor very much. Every single day, we have roughly 500 veterans who return to civilian life, joining the more than 2.9 million veterans who have returned home just since 9/11 alone. Now, some choose to take advantage of educational benefits they have earned, and others choose to jump right back into the workforce. Unfortunately, for many of our veterans, making that move is not as simple as submitting a resume and waiting for a call back. Our veterans, unfortunately, often face sometimes an unfriendly job market or an unfriendly job culture that does not fully understand their needs and the unique challenges of transitioning from military servicemember life to civilian life. Now, we have taken some important steps to encourage employers to hire more veterans, and we have seen the total percentage of unemployed veterans drop by 1.5 percent over the past year. While this is progress, the fact is, we still have over 400,000 veterans unemployed today. This tells us that more must be done, not only to get them employed but to make sure that they are employed in meaningful, goodpaying jobs. I recently hosted a panel of experts from both the public and private sector where we talked about how we can better empower our veterans in the tech sector specifically. The tech industry has experienced unprecedented growth over the past decade and is the fastest growing sector in our economy. Yet, so far, veterans remain largely underrepresented, making up just 2 percent of this fastgrowing industry. Now, it is not because they are not qualified. It is not because they don’t have what it takes to do the job. Through their service and training, our 
highly trained men and women develop the ability to lead, make decisions under pressure, act as a member of a team and accomplish the mission. The bottom line is they get the job done. These skills make them especially valuable to employers, whether it be in the tech industry or in any other business, nonprofit, or civic leadership position. That is why I am proud to join my fellow veteran and friend, Congressman PAULCOOK, today in support of this important legislation because it incentivizes employers to hire and retain veterans by creating a standard of recognition for those who go the extra mile to recruit and retain veterans, and provide services that support our veteran community. I strongly urge our colleagues to pass this legislation and help serve and empower our veterans and businesses to thrive. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no more requests for time at this point. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield myself such time as I may consume. It just strikes me, Colonel COOK, I know we have named this act the HIRE Vets Act, and knowing of your service in Vietnam, and so many of the Vietnam veterans that live in the Inland Empire, we could also call this the Welcome Home Act because nothing is more welcoming than a job. I share your passion for caring about our veterans in the Inland Empire, and in California, of course, all over our country, and I certainly honor your service to our country. So I urge all my colleagues to support—to join me in passing H.R. 3286, and I look forward to seeing those medallions in many businesses across your district and mine in California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3286, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3286, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NO HERO LEFT UNTREATED ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5600) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKGguided resonance therapy to veterans, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5600 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I do rise today in support of H.R. 5600, as amended, the No Hero Left Untreated Act. There is no greater priority we have as a grateful nation than to care for those who have been wounded in the service of our country and to ensure that they are provided with the most successful treatments, including those that are new and are promising to assist them on their path to recovery. H.R. 5600, as amended, would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out a 1year pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG guided resonance therapy to veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, chronic pain, opiate addiction, or who have experienced military sexual trauma. Magnetic EEG/EKGguided resonance therapy has proven effective in addressing symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury among veteran patients. For example, in a 2015 study, veteran patients experienced an almost 50 percent reduction in symptom severity after just 2 weeks of using this therapy. Though the pilot this bill would create is limited, I am hopeful that it will provide the needed data to support the provision of this promising new treatment for many more servicemembers and veterans in the future. This bill is sponsored by our good friend, Congressman STEVE KNIGHT  from California, and I am grateful to him for sponsoring this legislation to increase access to innovative treatment for America’s heroes. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5600, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5600, as amended, the No Hero Left Untreated Act. This bill is designed to create a pilot program in the VA to determine if magnetic EEG/EKGguided resonance therapy technology is appropriate for larger populations of veterans suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, or opiate addiction. Under this treatment, a veteran’s EEG and EKG are analyzed to ascertain the brain’s patterns of function and detect any possible abnormalities. This information is used to develop a personalized treatment for each patient aimed at restoring the brain to its optimal state. It is essential that the VA continue to explore new and innovative treatments, like resonance therapy, that can offer breakthroughs for veterans and servicemembers suffering from PTSD and other traumas. For more than 90 years, the Veterans Affairs Research and Development program has been improving the lives of veterans and all Americans through healthcare discovery and innovation. VA research is unique because of its focus on health issues that affect veterans. It is part of an integrated 
healthcare system that coordinates care for veterans and affiliates with university medical schools and teaching hospitals to train our healthcare providers and perform groundbreaking medical research. I look forward to learning more about this treatment and its effects on those veterans who have continued to suffer from the wounds of combat trauma here at home. Innovative pilot programs and continued investment in research will help to ensure that our Nation’s veterans get the highquality care they have earned and deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the 25th District of California (Mr. KNIGHT ), the prime sponsor of this important piece of legislation. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chair and ranking member for their support of this piece of legislation. The No Hero Left Untreated Act is just that. We expect our young warriors to protect our values and our ideals, and we, as Americans, should do nothing less than to take care of them when they return home. The No Hero Left Untreated Act is a new and innovative way of looking at how we can treat our veterans, and I think that that is what people in America are looking for. They are looking for how we can help our veterans in new and innovative ways. Well, this is one of those. This is a way that we have taken 500 veterans, we have given them this treatment, and about 95 percent of them have said that they have had some difference in their life because of the treatment. Sixtyone percent have said that it is a dramatic change because of this treatment. If we took those numbers and we took them to any kind of treatment or any kind of medical help across this country, I think that all of the physicians and all of the medical industry would say: yes, those are great numbers. So what we are trying to do here is we are going to put it into two of our medical facilities; put it into two of our VA centers, and we are going to collect some data on the enormous successes that we have seen in the past and hopefully in the future. Then, I hope to come back at a certain time in the future and say: this has been great; the data that we have collected has helped our veterans, has helped our warriors when they have come home. Let’s put this across the country. I expect that everyone in every district across this country, when they see this, these types of successes, would want to put it into their VA facilities. So that is kind of our goal in what we are trying to do here. Mental and physical injuries are part of battle. Treatment that works should be pushed by our legislative bodies. It shouldn’t be stagnated. And that is exactly what this body is doing. We are looking at this, and we are saying: this is working. Why wouldn’t we push it? I thank everyone for looking at this in a bipartisan measure and saying this will help our veterans. Let’s move this forward. This therapy has shown enormous successes, and I think that when the American people look at this and they say, we have got these successes, let’s make sure that we push this forward, I think that we should also look at other treatments that might not be having these types of successes and saying, you know what, we can do different changes, and the medical industry, I am sure, would support that. So that is what we are trying to do with the No Hero Left Untreated Act. That is why we have named it that because that is exactly what we want. We don’t want to leave any hero untreated. I appreciate the support from both sides of the aisle, and I ask for support of this important measure. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation and join me in passing H.R. 5600, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I too encourage my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5600, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TIBOR RUBIN VA MEDICAL CENTER Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6323) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6323 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE SYSTEM, LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs health care system located at 5901 East 7th Street, Long Beach, California, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’. Any reference to such health care system in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 6323. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I do rise today in support of H.R. 6323, a bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system in Long Beach, California, the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. Mr. Speaker, as a young man, Corporal Tibor Rubin survived 14 months in a German concentration camp in Austria during World War II before it was liberated by the United States Army. Corporal Rubin was so inspired by the American soldiers who rescued him that he eventually moved to the United States, enlisted in the Army, and became a United States citizen. He was deployed as a member of the 1st Cavalry Division during the Korean war, and was eventually captured by the North Korean military. During his captivity, he provided crucial moral support and improvised medical support to his fellow prisoners of war. For his service, Corporal Rubin was awarded two Purple Hearts and the Congressional Medal of Honor. Sadly, he passed away just last year. After such an outstanding life of service and survival, it is only appropriate that we honor Corporal Rubin by naming the Long Beach VA Medical Center after him. H.R. 6323 satisfies the Committee’s naming criteria and is supported by the entire California congressional delegation, as well as many local veterans service organizations. b1730 I am grateful to Congressman LOWENTHAL for sponsoring this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6323, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. What a remarkable story about Tibor Rubin. Tibor Rubin survived the Mauthausen concentration camp for 14 months before being liberated by American soldiers in May of 1945. After immigrating to the United States in 1948, he enlisted in the United States Army and volunteered to serve in 
Korea despite not being required to serve overseas as a nonU.S. citizen. While in Korea, Corporal Rubin was ordered to defend a road while his division was in retreat. He held that position for 24 hours until the 8th Cavalry could safely withdraw. Corporal Rubin spent 30 months as a prisoner of war in North Korea, where testimony from his fellow prisoners detailed his willingness to sacrifice for the others. He helped his fellow POWs by sneaking out of the camp at night and foraging for food, stealing from enemy supplies, and bringing back what he could to help the soldiers imprisoned with him. He declined the offer of his Communist captors to return him to Soviet Hungary, his country of origin, to help protect those from his adopted country. ‘‘He shared the food evenly among the GIs,’’ a fellow prisoner wrote. ‘‘He also took care of us, nursed us, carried us to the latrine.’’ This GI also added, ‘‘Helping his fellow men was the most important thing to him.’’ For these actions and more, Mr. Rubin was awarded the Medal of Honor in 2005. For all that this brave immigrant did to protect the freedoms of our great country, we are honored to be able to name this VA Medical Center after him. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from California, who has been such a great leader on veterans’ issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Holocaust survivor and Medal of Honor recipient and a person that I knew personally before he passed away, Mr. Tibor ‘‘Ted’’ Rubin. With the support of all 53 members of the California delegation, both California Senators, and many of my State’s leading veterans’ groups, I recently introduced H.R. 6323, legislation to name the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Long Beach as the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. As was already noted, Tibor Rubin was born in Hungary on June 18, 1929. During World War II, he survived 14 months in a Nazi concentration camp in Austria, where both his parents and both of his sisters would eventually die. Liberated by the United States Army, he was inspired by the American soldiers who rescued him, immigrating to the United States and enlisting in the United States Army. He was deployed to Korea as a member of the United States Army’s 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division during the Korean war. Despite facing religious discrimination from his sergeant who sent him on the most dangerous patrols and missions and withheld his Medal of Honor commendation, Tibor fought valiantly in several notable engagements. In one such engagement, Tibor enabled the complete withdrawal of his compatriots to the Pusan Perimeter by solely defending a hill under an overwhelming assault by North Korean troops. During this engagement, he inflicted a staggering number of casualties on the attacking force during his personal 24hour battle, single handedly slowing the enemy’s advance and allowing the 8th Cavalry to withdraw successfully. Following the successful U.S. Army breakout from the Pusan Perimeter and advance into North Korea, Tibor was personally responsible for the capture of several hundred North Korean soldiers. In an additional engagement near Usan, Chinese forces attacked his unit during a massive nighttime assault. For nearly 24 hours, he remained at his post with a .30caliber machine gun at the south end of the unit’s line until his ammunition was exhausted. His determined stand slowed the pace of the enemy advance into his sector, permitting the remnants of his unit to retreat southward. However, as the battle raged, Tibor was severely wounded and captured by the Chinese. While in Chinese custody, he refused to be repatriated to Hungary, instead choosing to remain in the prison camp. He would refuse the offer on numerous occasions. Tibor disregarded his own personal safety and immediately began sneaking out of the camp at night in search of food for his fellow prisoners. Breaking into enemy food storehouses and gardens, he risked certain torture or death if caught. Tibor provided not only food for the starving soldiers, but also desperately needed medical care and moral support for the sick and wounded of the POW camp. As one of his fellow prisoners recounted about the camp: ‘‘Tibor did many good deeds, which he told us were mitzvahs in the Jewish tradition. He was a very religious Jew, and helping his fellow men was the most important thing to him.’’ Tibor’s brave, selfless efforts were directly attributed to saving the lives of as many as 40 of his fellow prisoners. As his Medal of Honor citation reads: ‘‘Corporal Rubin’s gallant actions in close contact with the enemy and unyielding courage and bravery while a prisoner of war are in the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself and the United States Army.’’ It is worth noting that Tibor was nominated in the field on four occasions for the Medal of Honor. When he was finally presented his Medal of Honor in 2005, it was not presented by President George W. Bush for a single act of heroism. It was instead presented for nearly his entire 3 years of service in the Korean war. Tibor was fiercely proud of the country he adopted. When he was later asked about his decision to immigrate to the United States, he said: ‘‘I always wanted to become a citizen of the United States, and when I became a citizen, it was one of the happiest days in my life. ‘‘I think about the United States, and I am a lucky person to live here. ‘‘When I came to America, it was the first time I was free. It was one of the reasons I joined the U.S. Army, because I wanted to show my appreciation. ‘‘It is the best country in the world, and I am part of it now. I do not have to worry about the Gestapo knocking on my doors.’’ I am proud to say that after his service, Tibor became a longtime resident of Garden Grove, California, in my district. It was still his home when he passed away on December 5, 2015, and it was the Long Beach VA Hospital where he received his medical services for over 50 years. It was my great honor to meet Tibor and to represent him in Congress. He was a survivor, a soldier, a nurse, a compatriot, and a wonderful citizen. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. What an amazing and inspiring story behind Corporal Rubin. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, H.R. 6323. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, encourage all of our colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6323. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REAFFIRMING LONGSTANDING UNITED STATES POLICY IN SUPPORT OF A DIRECT BILATERALLY NEGOTIATED SETTLEMENT OF THE ISRAELIPALESTINIAN CONFLICT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 165) expressing the sense of Congress and reaffirming longstanding United States policy in support of a direct bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Council resolutions imposing a solution to the conflict. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 165 Whereas the United States has long supported a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable twostate solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a democratic Palestinian state living sideby side in peace and security; 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), and thank Mr. B RAD SHERMAN of California as well for working with me in a bipartisan manner to bring this important resolution to the floor today. There is a growing concern in Congress—it is a concern felt on both sides of the aisle—that despite established, bipartisan United States policy, the Obama administration may end the practice of vetoing resolutions in the Security Council that strayed from the principle that the IsraeliPalestinian conflict can only be resolved through direct negotiations between the parties. This administration could also end the related practice of vetoing Security Council resolutions that are onesided or antiIsrael. This is a real concern. Press reports—including one today—suggest that such a onesided resolution could be submitted in days. Worse, the Obama administration could support a resolution at the U.N. Security Council setting parameters for a final settlement between Israel and the Palestinians. U.S. policy has long and wisely been that only Israelis and Palestinians can work out a peace agreement between themselves and that efforts to impose one would be counterproductive. Whatever parameters the U.N. established would be unacceptable to any Israeli Government— a government to the left or a government to the right—making it impossible to see any future peace. What on Earth today, at this point in time, suggests that Israel has a willing partner in peace? Not at this moment. Our committee has held hearings to expose the current Palestinian Authority’s complicity in inciting violence against the State of Israel as well as against Israelis. Mr. Speaker, Israel is contending with a deepseated hatred. It is a deep seated hatred nurtured, unfortunately, by Palestinian leaders over radio and also in direct communication with the population many, many years, whether it was in the mosques or the schools or the newspapers or on television. As one witness told the committee: ‘‘Incitement’’ is the term we usually use, but that is not really what we mean. Hatred is what we mean, teaching generations of Palestinians to hate Jews by demonizing and dehumanizing them. 
That is the nature of the problem. Unfortunately, some Palestinians are lured to terrorism with more than just words. Since 2003, it has been Palestinian law to reward Palestinian terrorists in Israeli jails with a monthly paycheck. The Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian Liberation Organization use a socalled martyrs’ fund to pay the families of Palestinian prisoners and to pay suicide bombers. b1745 This paytoplay scheme has got to stop, period. In the face of such hatred, the United States must stand firm. The IsraelPalestinian conflict can only be resolved through direct negotiations between the parties. I again thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), as well, for their work on this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 165. This is a bipartisan resolution put forward by the chair and ranking member of our committee, Mr. ROYCE and Mr. ENGEL , cosponsored by myself, with a host of other bipartisan cosponsors. This resolution comes at a precarious time for the twostate solution, with a new administration preparing to enter office and as turmoil continues in the Middle East. I, myself, have always been a supporter of a negotiated solution between the Israeli and Palestinian sides of this conflict which would result in a secure, democratic Jewish State of Israel alongside a stable and democratic state for the Palestinian people. This resolution reaffirms this commitment, which has been longstanding American policy. The United States has provided important leadership as the two parties have negotiated. We would hope to see bilateral negotiations in the future. Peace must be made by the parties themselves. A peace settlement will only come through direct bilateral negotiations. These negotiations are delicate and they are complicated. As President Barack Obama said in 2011: ‘‘Peace is hard work. Peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the United Nations. If it were that easy, it would have been accomplished by now.’’ The President continued: ‘‘Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians who must live side by side. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians, not us, who must reach agreement on the issues that divide them . . . ‘’ This resolution is consistent with administration policy and consistent with the policy of several prior administrations. 
We must heed this advice. Imposing a solution on the parties will not work. In fact, it will be counterproductive to peace. It would undermine incentives for the Palestinian authority to make the necessary changes that are prerequisites for peace. Statehood can be accomplished by ensuring security, eliminating incitement, and demonstrating that the Palestinian side can live peacefully with Israel. This resolution expresses a sense of Congress as follows: That the IsraeliPalestinian peace will come only through direct bilateral negotiations; That recognition of a Palestinian state without a peace deal would cause harm to the peace process; That efforts by outside bodies to impose an agreement or the parameters for an agreement are likely to set back the peace process; The United States should veto any onesided United Nations Security Council resolutions, or those resolutions that would seek to impose solutions on final status issues—again, consistent with the administration policies; And finally, of course, that America will continue to support negotiations without preconditions between the Israelis and the Palestinians. The Palestinian people deserve a state of their own. The Israeli people deserve to live in peace as Jews in the State of Israel. In this spirit, I call upon my colleagues to join us in passing this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 165, in support of direct bilateral negotiations to resolve the IsraeliPalestinian conflict, introduced by Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL . This resolution is much more than a restatement of longstanding U.S. policy. It is an urgent defense of our commitments to the State of Israel in the face of innumerable threats. The United States has long insisted that the only path to peace for the Israelis and Palestinians is through direct, bilateral negotiations. Any so called resolution imposed from the outside is doomed to failure because it inherently lacks the political support of both parties to the conflict. Peacemaking is hard work, but that reality has not stopped others from looking for a shortcut. The U.N. Security Council is one such forum that has served as a platform for antiIsrael schemes for many, many years. Thankfully, the United States has always resolutely imposed such unilateralism and, when necessary, through both Democratic and Republican White Houses, has always resolutely used the veto. Since 1972, the United States has used its veto power 42 times to block antiIsrael measures in the Security Council. However, in the closing days of this administration, this longstanding policy is being called into question. Mr. Speaker, there are many reports that President Obama is considering moving the needle on the peace process before he leaves office by supporting a U.N. Security Council resolution enshrining certain conditions for peace. Just last month, The New York Times editorial board came out forcefully in favor of this scheme. The editorial board wrote: ‘‘The best idea under discussion now would be to have the United Nations Security Council, in an official resolution, lay down guidelines for a peace agreement covering such issues as Israel’s security, the future of Jerusalem, the fate of Palestinian refugees and borders for both states.’’ On the contrary, this is just about the worst idea. It would have the effect of dangerously undercutting the peace process. Israel’s security, the future of Jerusalem, Palestinian refugees, and borders—anyone familiar with this issue knows—are the four most sensitive matters at stake in this conflict and should not be imposed from without. The United States ought to be very clear when faced with such proposals. Any attempt to determine the fate of these issues outside of direct, bilateral talks undermines the sovereignty of our strong ally Israel, destroys goodwill, and threatens to prolong the conflict further. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Sadly, the drumbeat for unilateral United Nations action on this issue continues. On October 14, the U.N. Security Council held a special debate, titled, ‘‘Illegal Israeli Settlements: Obstacles to Peace and the TwoState Solution.’’ The session was held at the request of Security Council members Egypt, Venezuela, Malaysia, Senegal, and Angola, with the backing of the Palestinians. Such onesided initiatives only damage prospects for peace. Last April, 390 Members of the House on both sides of the aisle signed a letter to the President. It was signed by so many of us, including some in this room, including NITA LOWEY , K AY GRANGER , KAREN BASS, TEDDEUTCH , ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , EDROYCE , ELIOT ENGEL , K EVIN MCCARTHY , S TENY  HOYER , NANCY PELOSI , and myself—390 in all—that laid out the simple principles that have guided our policy. These principles include: A refusal to support counterproductive efforts aimed at imposing a solution on the parties; Opposition to Palestinian efforts to seek recognition of statehood status in international bodies; and A willingness to oppose, if need be, a onesided U.N. resolution by way of a veto. I urge my colleagues to vote for this resolution. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), my friend, for yielding. I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 165, reaffirming longstanding U.S. policy in support of a direct, bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli Palestinian conflict. For several decades, the United States has maintained a consistent, bipartisan policy toward the conflict that supports a twostate solution and opposes settlement expansion. Explicit congressional support for the twostate solution is critically important, especially in light of Presidentelect Donald Trump’s previous statements on this very subject. My friends on the other side have indicated an abiding fear that something bad might happen at the U.N. in the waning 52 days of the Obama administration. I don’t share that concern. What I am concerned about is the next 4 years and what Donald Trump will do to the longstanding, bipartisan support for a twostate solution that has been the cornerstone of American policy. If he pulls out of that commitment, then you are right, Middle East peace is at risk, but it is not because of what Obama is going to do over the next 52 days. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, which reiterates that longstanding, bipartisan support for a two state solution, and help combat the unpredictability of U.S. foreign policy in these difficult days of transition. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as always, I want to thank our esteemed chairman, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), as well as our ranking member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), who is so wonderfully represented by the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). I thank Mr. ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL for authoring this very important resolution, which I am proud to cosponsor. And while I fully support this measure and I urge all of my colleagues to back it as well, I wish that this resolution was not needed; but, sadly, we know better. The fact that we need to bring this up for debate and pass a resolution urging a United States administration to uphold longstanding U.S. policy as it relates to the peace process is telling and also disappointing, Mr. Speaker. These next 2 months are going to be crucial for our friend and ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel, and the U.S.Israel alliance, which must remain ever strong. Israel is facing a constant barrage by the Palestinians and 
their supporters at the United Nations, and there are indications that Abu Mazen will once again attempt to further his plan for unilateral statehood through the Security Council. Ordinarily, any attempt to dictate a twostate solution or impose parameters on negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians would be summarily dismissed by the United States. However, sadly, it has become clear over the past year that this administration may be looking to take unprecedented action; and, in fact, we have heard that the administration has been actively seeking ways in which it could force the Israelis into making dangerous concessions. I have asked Secretary Kerry, I have asked Ambassador Power, our Ambassador to the U.N., I have asked Ambassador Patterson and nearly every administration official who has come before our Foreign Affairs Committee headed by Mr. ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL if President Obama will uphold longstanding U.S. policy and will veto any Security Council resolution related to Israel. Each one has evaded the question, refusing to reaffirm this longstanding, unambiguous, noncontroversial policy. We hear speak of onesided resolutions, but that is slick administration talk. Who defines the onesidedness? It should have been a resounding blanket statement—it is easy—that the President believes that the only way to a real and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians must come through direct bilateral negotiations between the two, and lacking that, yes, we will urge the President to veto it. It is not hard. Peace cannot be forced. Any short term achievement an imposed solution will bring will be far outweighed by the longterm damage that it will cause. Mr. Speaker, this is a lameduck administration; and it should go without saying that any action, whether it be at the U.N. or undertaken unilaterally, aimed at forcing solutions to final status issues will be detrimental to the prospects of peace and would harm both Israelis and Palestinians. I support this measure, strongly, brought forth by Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL . I urge my colleagues to support it to reaffirm longstanding U.S. policy that true peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians can only come between direct bilateral negotiations between them, and to urge the administration to not allow the Palestinian scheme of unilateral statehood to gain any legitimacy at the U.N. b1800 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a member of the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. DOLD. I thank my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I, too, stand in strong support of H. Con. Res. 165. What I find so fascinating is that we need here in the United States to respect Israel’s democratically elected leadership. They are a nation, and they are our one true ally; and any efforts by the United Nations or by any other body to try to impose a twostate solution, frankly, I think, is detrimental and reckless. We should never try to force their hand. Frankly, what we find now is it is not the time to try to establish a legacy for an administration that has just a very few short days left by attempting a reckless Hail Mary pass. We here do want a twostate solution, which I think is important to note, but it must be done by direct negotiations by the two parties; and when the United States pressures Israel, all we do is weaken the chances for long term, durable peace. My good friend from Virginia talked about his actually being fearful of the next administration. Let me simply say that I hope this body will stand in bipartisan support to ensure that any administration does not pressure Israel. We understand that a longlasting peace, which is what we are hoping for, comes through direct, bilateral negotiations. I, for one, am hopeful that this body will stand united to make sure that the world knows that we stand shoulder to shoulder with our one true ally— Israel—and with the hope that the administration and the United Nations Security Council will veto any efforts by the United Nations to try to unilaterally put a statehood in there for the Palestinians. We know that true peace can only happen through direct, bilateral negotiations. Mr. Speaker, again, I stand in strong support of Mr. ROYCE ’s and Mr. E NGEL ’s resolution, and I sincerely hope that my colleagues will stand together, in bipartisan support, to make sure that this administration does not take steps that will weaken Israel’s hand in going forward. I hope, in going forward, in administration after administration, that this body will stand as we do today—in bipartisan support. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this resolution reaffirms longstanding American policy that can be summarized in five points: talks must be direct and bilateral; a solution cannot be imposed on the parties; both sides must be willing to make important compromises; disagreements should be resolved privately; and the United States should work closely with the State of Israel. This resolution deserves the support of those on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In the past, both Republican and Democratic administrations have recognized that efforts to internationalize the IsraeliPalestinian conflict are not a substitute for direct negotiations between the parties. In fact, such an approach can undermine these negotiations. Direct negotiations between the parties, not a U.N. dictate, are the only way, in our view, to bring about a peaceful coexistence. After all, direct negotiations mean legitimatizing the other party, which, unfortunately, is why Palestinian leaders routinely shun them. Other past Presidents have pushed peace initiatives in the final hours of their administrations. Indeed, the Obama administration has pointedly not ruled out allowing the U.N. Security Council to dictate the terms of peace negotiations. That, in fact, is what has given rise to our bipartisan concerns about this process. In the absence of a clear answer from the administration as to whether it will continue to use that veto power at the United Nations, this bipartisan approach here, with this resolution, takes a stand. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the resolution so that the bipartisan policy of encouraging direct negotiations continues and is endorsed loud and clear. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the House’s consideration of H. Con. Res. 165 is given special relevance by the presidential transition now underway. The resolution sends an important message to the incoming Administration: that the United States Congress reaffirms our nation’s commitment to supporting negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians in pursuit of a just and lasting twostate solution, and that the United States Congress reaffirms a supportive and constructive role, for our country in facilitating resolution of the conflict. Unfortunately, the resolution also contains overly broad and negative language concerning thirdparty efforts to facilitate an agreement. Still, it does not preclude the United States from putting forward ideas for bridging differences between the parties, for articulating suggestions that fill in gaps, for offering a nonbinding comprehensive framework to help bring the Israelis and Palestinians to the negotiating table—just as Republican and Democrat Administrations have done in the past. It is my hope, in fact, that the Obama administration might in the coming weeks ‘‘help provide a political horizon for ending the conflict’’—I’m quoting now from House Resolution 686, introduced by Representative YARMUTH  and myself and cosponsored by 64 members—‘‘by articulating a nonbinding vision of what a comprehensive final status agreement might entail that could help foster and guide revived negotiations between the parties.’’ The resolution also encourages the U.S. government to ‘‘firmly articulate 49 years of consistent, bipartisan United States opposition to settlement expansion.’’ We must be vigilant in protecting 50 years of bipartisan policy to help the Israelis and Palestinians reach as viable twostate solution in order to protect Israel as a secure, democratic, and Jewish state, and to end the cycle of violence that has plagued the region. 
As a longstanding supporter of the special relationship between the United States and Israel, I believe the United States must remain steadfast in its commitment to help Israel defend itself, to ensure that Israelis and Palestinians feel that a viable political horizon to ending this conflict continues to exist despite the current absence of ongoing, productive negotiations, and to stand ready to help create better conditions for peace—so that real and achievable progress may prove viable in the months and years ahead. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 165. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENCOURAGING REUNIONS OF DIVIDED KOREAN AMERICAN FAMILIES Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 40) encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material for the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As the Republican coauthor of this measure, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 40—a resolution I was proud to introduce alongside my good friend, Mr. CHARLIE RANGEL . As always, I appreciate the help from the gentleman from New York, the ranking member, for his assistance in bringing it to the House floor for consideration. It has been a privilege to have worked alongside one of the true champions of peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula, Mr. CHARLIE RANGEL . He is, indeed, a true patriot. We all know about his bravery and heroism as a young Army officer in the Korean war—spending his days literally freezing behind enemy lines. While wounded, CHARLIE courageously led 40 men from his unit out of a Chinese encirclement, undoubtedly saving many, many lives. For his bravery, CHARLIE earned the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. Yes, CHARLIE suffered for his country, but his focus has continued to also be on the suffering of the Korean people. A nation was destroyed; millions were killed; families were brutally ripped apart. CHARLIE has never forgotten that. He didn’t leave Korea behind, which is why I was happy to work with him on the cause of bringing together the many, many Korean families that have been ripped apart by war. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, Korea remains a divided peninsula. There is a prosperous and free South Korea and a brutal, totalitarian, impoverished North Korea. This division is a calamity that is acutely felt by South Korean families that have been separated by the DMZ, but it is equally felt here by many Korean American families in the United States. In the decades since the momentous liberation of Korea, millions of Korean families have been separated from their loved ones. Today, an estimated 100,000 Korean Americans have been separated from their relatives in North Korea and have long sought an opportunity to be reunited. Mr. Speaker, time is running out. Earlier this year, the average Korean separated by the war was 80 years old. A large number is over 90. It is far past time that these wartorn families be given one last opportunity to reunite with the family members they were separated from six decades ago. It is everyone’s hope—and, of course, of those in this body—that someday we will see Korea reunited. In the meantime, we can do what we can to encourage the reuniting of these families; so I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to support H. Con. Res. 40. I am pleased to support this measure that was introduced by Congressman CHARLIERANGEL of New York, and I associate myself with the chairman’s remarks in the praise of Charlie’s service not only during the Korean war, but after that war, to focus on families that are both here and in Korea who were affected by that conflict. A decorated veteran of the Korean war, Representative RANGEL has been a tireless advocate for peace and security on the peninsula and for the Korean American community here in the United States. His achievements are many, and as he retires after 40 decades of service here in Congress, he will, of course, be missed. What Congressman RANGEL and the many cosponsors of H. Con. Res. 40 bring forth today—154 bipartisan cosponsors, including the chair and ranking member of the committee, myself, and so many others—is a reminder not just of the complex security situation on the peninsula, but of the human dimension of a war that has not been formally ended. As this resolution reminds us, there are 10 million people on the Korean Peninsula and around the world who are victims of this family division, and there are some 100,000 American citizens who are still waiting to see—perhaps for one last time—family members that they have not seen for 60 years, who have remained north of the 38th parallel in the aftermath of the Korean war. There are approximately 1.7 million Korean Americans here in the United States. As I mentioned, over 100,000 of them have relatives who are north of the DMZ, and I am pleased to say that over half of those Korean Americans reside in the State of California. The Korean Americans who have been divided from their families in North Korea are now in their senior years. Time is running out for these separated families to reunite—perhaps for just one last time—with parents, siblings, children. For many, reunification will be the only contact they will have had in so many decades. As of yet, Korean Americans have not been permitted to participate in family reunions. North Korea should encourage 
reunions for the sake of their own citizens who are divided family members, for Korean Americans, and for those affected by the war no matter where in the world they live. H. Con. Res. 40 urges the North Korea regime to resume family reunification visits, which have been suspended for over a year, and to allow families that chance to get together. It also calls on North Korea to take concrete steps to build goodwill that is conducive to peace on the Korean Peninsula. This is particularly important given the nuclear weapons tests and missile tests that we have seen from the north. The reunification of families is a goodwill gesture that can help put the world and northeast Asia on the road to peace. That is why I support this resolution and urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD). Mr. DOLD. I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, this is a critically important humanitarian issue as we talk about families. Each and every one of us just got back from Thanksgiving— an opportunity for us to gather around the table with our families. I think that is something that, often, too many of us take for granted—the opportunity and the ability that we have to jump on a plane or to get on a train and go visit our families. Yet, for so many Korean families, that is something that is beyond the realm of possibility. It is beyond the realm of possibility because, at the outbreak of the Korean war, many of the Koreans thought that this was just going to be a conflict that was not going to last very long; so families were literally separated at that time and were hoping to be reunited in a very short period of time. What we do know is that, decade after decade, these families have not been able to be reunited. We want to encourage this reuniting of families. There are so many Korean Americans who have family in the north who have not been able to see their families. b1815 Recently, Mr. Speaker, this last year I had an opportunity to travel to Korea and actually had an opportunity to talk to some of the families. A very small few—100 families—were going to have an opportunity to see their loved ones. Time is of the essence. This is a humanitarian issue because more and more people are passing away and the opportunities to see their loved ones perishes. For the Korean Americans and for the Korean community, their opportunity to pay respects to those who have gone before them is also something that is critical, and they don’t have the opportunity to visit them. So I want to make sure that we stand together in a bipartisan way to encourage the opportunity for families to be able to be reunited. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ) for his leadership on this issue. Again, anybody who has served any time in this body knows his love for the Korean people and his record in the Korean war, his heroism in that regard. I do hope that we, today, will vote to make sure we send a strong signal that the reuniting of families is something we should all stand and be united behind. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ), the author of this resolution and a champion for the Korean American community. (Mr. RANGEL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman SHERMAN for giving me this time to speak on this important issue. I will also take this opportunity to thank Chairman EDROYCE . So many people ask: After 46 years, what do you consider your major accomplishments? It is hard to explain to those of us who serve in the Congress that you don’t list friendships as an accomplishment. There is no question, in knowing EDROYCE from the people’s Republic of California, that he has shattered the wall between Republicans and Democrats, and conservatives and liberals, and he is an American who cares about this Congress and this country. Whether I have talked to him about Africa or about Korea, he has listened and has done the best he could to show what America really feels proud of, and that is seeking peace and justice where we find dictatorships and people destroying the lives of others. I get so much credit for being a wounded hero in Korea. I volunteered for the Army, but I sure didn’t volunteer for Korea. As a matter of fact, it always baffled me how we could go there without a declaration of war. It baffled me who could make a decision to take a country like Korea with such a beautiful history and have human beings just draw a line and say that this is north, this is south, this is the Soviets, this is the United Nations, and the United States and not realize that these are human beings, mothers and fathers, sons and daughters; that notwithstanding the fact that the south was attacked, notwithstanding that the war still continues technically today, that all people should want to see their families united when all it takes is that, yes, you may see them. So today I thank Chairman ROYCE so much, Mr. Speaker, and this House for showing America what we are all about. Because it is ironic that we are now talking about Korean Americans, we are talking about divided families USA. We are talking about people who love this country, who fight for this country, but they still have a place they love, and they have family that they want to see before they pass away or before their families are gone. Isn’t this really what makes America different, to find people who love their homeland like Korean Americans love Korea and, at the same time, love this country more and ask us to join with them for what? They ask for peace, equity, and all the things that we care about, but also to meet their family. There is so much compassion in this. There is so much to show how a line can show you poverty above the line, democracy and progress below the line. But more than anything else, this body is saying today that people who God made of the same blood, the same background, and the same culture, let them meet. So I would like to include tonight as one of those proudest days that I have served in this august body and, also, to include Representative EDROYCE as one of the most decent human beings I have also met while serving in this body. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I too join the chairman and the ranking member in saluting the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ). I remember him telling the story that he was a teenager at the outbreak of the war in Korea, living in Harlem, and didn’t know where Korea was. He sure knows today. He is an iconic figure in the Korean community. Representative RANGEL , we salute you for your incredible heroism. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 40 to encourage the reunion of divided Korean American families. The division of north and south along the 38th parallel offers one of the world’s most striking dichotomies. Yet, on both sides of the demilitarized zone resides a shared pain. The pain is that of families ripped apart by the war and an enduring division of one people into two countries. Reunions are a welcome respite from that separation, but, in the end, they provide yet another reminder that family reunification on the Korean Peninsula is all too fleeting. Many of these Americans—more than 100,000 according to the last estimate— have been waiting to reunite with their family members in North Korea. Too many have already passed away without ever realizing that hope. This resolution encourages Pyongyang to allow those Korean Americans to meet with their families. It also calls on the North Korean regime to take steps to build goodwill that is conducive to peace in the peninsula. Earlier this year, we passed the North Korean Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act, which included my 
amendment conditioning sanctions relief on the promotion of family reunifications for Koreans and Korean Americans. It is vital our North Korea policy be informed with an understanding that there are human victims of this ongoing conflict in the North Korean Peninsula. I ask my colleagues to support the resolution, which demonstrates our commitment to efforts to seek to relieve the pain of separation felt by Korean families. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I salute the author of this resolution, Representative RANGEL , and urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also want to recognize the staff who have been so instrumental, not only on this resolution but also in maintaining our constructive policy toward Korea, Hannah Kim on Mr. RANGEL ’s staff and our committee staffers, Hunter Strupp and Jennifer HendrixsonWhite. Earlier, I noted how happy I was to have worked alongside my good friend and colleague, CHARLIE RANGEL , on this measure. As he is retiring at the end of this Congress, I want to once again recognize him as a true champion of U.S. Korea relations. He truly is. No one, whether it was fighting for his country or advocating on behalf of so many Korean Americans, has done more for this partnership. As Charlie has often said, since he survived the battle of Kunuri and led those freezing soldiers out of that encirclement, he has never, not since that day, never ever had a bad day since. Mr. Speaker, let’s hope this streak continues well into the future. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as a cosponsor of H. Con. Res. 40, I rise today in strong support of its passage. Tragically, the division on the Korean Peninsula separated more than 10,000,000 Korean family members, including some who are now citizens of the United States. As a result, many Korean Americans have waited for over 60 years for a chance to meet their relatives in North Korea for the first time. Although there have been 19 rounds of family reunions between South Koreans and North Koreans, instability has continued to impede the reunion of these divided families. As some family members reach the later years of their lives, time becomes an important factor in giving these families the opportunity to connect. Congress first signaled its interest in family reunions between United States citizens and their relatives in North Korea in section 1265 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181), which became law on January 28, 2008. We furthered our commitment to reunification when President Barack Obama signed into law the Continuing Appropriations Act 2011 (Public Law 111–242), which urged the Special Representative on North Korea Policy to prioritize the issues involving Korean divided families. Enabling Korean Americans to meet their family members from North Korea will help establish the goodwill to lay the foundation for peace on the Korean Peninsula. While peace on the Korean Peninsula remains a longterm goal for the United States and all stakeholders in the region, a first step towards achieving it would be to allow family members to be reunified. This would be a significant step forward for greater security and stability for the region and the world. I urge my colleagues in the House to swiftly pass H. Con. Res. 40. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 40. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TRANSMITTING AN ALTERNATIVE PLAN FOR PAY INCREASES FOR CIVILIAN FEDERAL EMPLOYEES COVERED BY THE GENERAL SCHEDULE AND CERTAIN OTHER PAY SYSTEMS IN JANUARY 2017— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–185) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: I am transmitting an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems in January 2017. Title 5, United States Code, authorizes me to implement alternative pay plans for pay increases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems if, because of ‘‘national emergency or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare,’’ I view the adjustments that would otherwise take effect as inappropriate. Civilian Federal employees made significant sacrifices as a result of the 3 year pay freeze that ended in January 2014. Since the pay freeze ended, annual adjustments for civilian Federal employees have also been lower than private sector pay increases and statutory formulas for adjustments to the General Schedule for 2014 through 2016. However, we must maintain efforts to keep our Nation on a sustainable fiscal course. This is an effort that continues to require tough choices under current economic conditions. Under current law, locality pay increases averaging 28.49 percent and costing $26 billion would go into effect in January 2017. Federal agency budgets cannot sustain such increases. In my August 31, 2016, alternative pay plan submission, I noted that the alternative plan for locality payments will be limited so that the total combined cost of the 1.0 percent acrosstheboard base pay increase and the varying locality pay increases will be 1.6 percent of basic payroll, consistent with the assumption in my 2017 Budget. Accordingly, I have determined that under the authority of section 5304a of title 5, United States Code, localitybased comparability payments for the locality pay areas established by the President’s Pay Agent, in the amounts set forth in the attached table, shall become effective on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2017. The localitybased comparability payments for the locality pay rates in the attached table are based on an allocation of 0.6 percent of payroll as indicated in my August 31, 2016, alternative pay plan for adjustments to the base General Schedule. These decisions will not materially affect our ability to attract and retain a wellqualified Federal workforce. BARACK OBAMA .THEWHITE HOUSE , November 29, 2016. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5160) to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5160 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TREATMENT OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER AREAS WITHIN BOUNDARIES OF REAL ESTATE OR OTHER PROPERTY INTERESTS ACQUIRED BY NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 34, TSUNAMI WARNING, EDUCATION, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6392, SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–839) on the resolution (H. Res. 934) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
VETERANS MOBILITY SAFETY ACT OF 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the 
Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3471) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. KING of New York (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FIRST RESPONDER ANTHRAX PREPAREDNESS ACT Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 1915) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1915 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NORTHERN BORDER SECURITY REVIEW ACT Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from 
the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 1808) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1808 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VICTIMS OF WOODMORE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BUS CRASH (Mr. FLEISCHMANN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise to offer a moment of silence. On November 21, while many of us were preparing for the Thanksgiving holiday, tragedy once again struck my hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee. Woodmore Elementary School is a beautiful elementary school; young, vibrant children, all so precious. There was a tragic schoolbus crash that happened that day in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The crash took the lives of six young children: Keonte Wilson, Cor’Dayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, D’Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, and Zyanna Harris. In addition, several other children were severely injured. Many are still in critical condition. I know I can speak for all of us, including my dear friends who have joined me from the Tennessee delegation, when I say that we are absolutely heartbroken over this horrific tragedy. Nothing I can say tonight can diminish the gravity of the loss that our community has suffered. But I must thank the first responders, the Chattanooga Police Department, the local officials, and especially the staff, the doctors at Children’s Hospital at Erlanger, for their immediate and compassionate response to this tragedy. My brothers and sisters in the House, I went with our Governor to see the care and treatment that these children were getting. One young lady about to go up to surgery gave me the thumbs up. At a time of such tragic loss, these precious lives were lost, and so many are forever hurt. Please join me now in a moment of silence for the victims, for their families, and for our Chattanooga community. b1915 REMEMBERING SAN ANTONIO POLICE OFFICER DETECTIVE BENJAMIN MARCONI (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise the day after my hometown, San Antonio, laid to rest a hero who was taken from us too soon, Detective Benjamin Marconi. The son of a San Antonio police officer, Detective Marconi was a 20year veteran of the force whose life was tragically cut short last week while he was in the field serving our city. Known for his big smile, his kindness, and his commitment to doing the right thing, Detective Marconi was a beloved member of our community. He leaves behind a son, a grandson, and an extended family who brought him great joy. Our city mourns the loss of Detective Marconi, an outstanding San Antonian, whom we dearly miss. His passing is a tragic reminder of the risk all of our law enforcement officers take when they go to work each day to keep us safe. We are grateful for his service and theirs. 
FIDEL CASTRO’S BRUTAL LEGACY (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the Cuban people can finally close one chapter in their 57year nightmare of oppressive rule: Fidel Castro has died. When I was just 8 years old, I was forced to flee my native homeland of Cuba with my family. We were not the first, nor were we the last, to leave all that we had behind in search of freedom, democracy, opportunity, and safety. Many constituents I am so humbled to represent have had family members who did not survive their journey, yet they all risked their lives in fleeing Cuba because they felt the brutality of Fidel Castro. They witnessed firsthand the ruthlessness of the tyrant, and they felt that it was like having their human rights stripped from their very being. Their stories and their experiences— the firing squads, the gulags, and the torture—Mr. Speaker, will be Fidel Castro’s legacy. 
EL PASO DREAMERS (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, in this country, there are over 700,000 DREAMers, children and young Americans brought to this country at a young age, through no fault of their own, to improve their lives, their opportunities, and those of their families. They are 
every bit as much American as you or I or our children. Pictured next to me is Itzel Campos of El Paso, Texas, a 15yearold sophomore at Franklin High School, who came to a townhall meeting that we had last night where 300 El Pasoans came out to either tell their stories or show support for DREAMers. We want to make sure that the Presidentelect and that the Congress that we have here and the one that will be seated in January do everything within their power to keep these DREAMers in our country, who will earn more than $4 trillion in taxable income during their lives but, more importantly, will contribute to the American Dream, will improve communities like mine, which happens to be the safest city in America in large part because of the immigrants, and especially these DREAMers who call El Paso home, and to give people like Itzel every chance to succeed, to improve their lives and the course of this country. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO GOVERNOR NIKKI HALEY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Presidentelect Donald Trump nominated South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to be America’s Ambassador to the United Nations. Presidentelect Trump has announced: 
Governor Haley has a proven record of bringing people together regardless of background or party affiliation to move critical policies forward for the betterment of her State and country. She is also a proven dealmaker, and we look forward to making plenty of deals. She will be a great leader representing us on the world stage. 
Governor Haley has led the people of South Carolina through trying times, such as the historic thousandyear flood last year, Hurricane Matthew flooding this year, and the tragic shooting at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston. She has promoted a pro business and projob environment by recruiting major companies such as Boeing and Volvo, along with Michelin, BMW, and Bridgestone expansions. Governor Haley will be a strong and effective voice for America, advancing freedom and democracy around the world. Congratulations to Governor Haley and her husband, Michael, and children, Rena and Nalin, on this achievement. Your Lexington County neighbors are very proud of you. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
REDUCING RED TAPE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House Subcommittee on Federal Lands is holding a hearing soon on H.R. 5129, the Guide and Outfitter Act—we call it the GO Act— which I have sponsored to make it easier for Americans to access and enjoy their public lands. I began working on this legislation after an annual endurance run in my district, which had been held for years, was canceled after Federal agencies demanded a costly new study of the event’s environmental impacts, a study the small, nonprofit group that held the event couldn’t afford. That’s right, Federal agencies were concerned that people running on existing trails could have negative impacts on the environment. The GO Act cuts this red tape by creating a categorical exclusion to ensure activities which have already been permitted do not need duplicative studies in order to continue. It creates a one stop joint permitting system so races and other events that might stretch across Forest Service lands, BLM, and National Park land, et cetera, don’t need to repeat the permit process over and over and over with every single agency. The bill caps fees to keep them affordable and allows existing permits to be easily extended so that public access and events can continue. I am proud to say this bill will help get more Americans outside, Mr. Speaker, for less money and with less red tape. That is a goal every Member of this body can support. 
AVOIDING TRUMP ADMINISTRATION CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I am one of those Americans who is very concerned about the conflict of interest that the Presidentelect faces as he assumes office. I don’t think we have ever elected someone to office in this country with his vast wealth, but I must say, as ranking member on the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, let me give you one area which causes me concern: where he will separate his private interest from the public interest. The committee on which I rank handles the Army Corps of Engineers’ budget, and we don’t have enough money to deal with all the projects around the country, some of which are backed up 20 years. What happens if MaraLago in Florida faces flooding— or any of the other coastal properties that the Presidentelect owns—and the Army is trying to make a decision on where to place Federal funds? Will his properties take precedence over thousands of other projects around the country that have been backlogged for years? I think it is really important that the Presidentelect create a blind trust and put all of his assets in there. Obviously, he will have a good life in the years ahead, but we simply must not allow the private interests of any American to pollute the public decisions that this country must make. f 
CLIMATE CHANGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong resident of northern Michigan, I know how important it is to protect and conserve our precious natural resources. Northern Michigan’s economy depends on our Great Lakes and our outdoor spaces for tourism, agriculture, and sporting activities. Generations of people in my district have grown up experiencing the outdoors from the shores of Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore to Isle Royale National Park. However, we need to make sure that there is a balance and that we do not undertake rash and unproven regulatory policies that are almost guaranteed to negatively impact our economy in the hope of some potential—and often unquantifiable—environmental gain. I just got back from northern Michigan. As a matter of fact, I was in Ottawa National Forest hunting. What strikes me about the regulatory nature of the Federal Government is it doesn’t really take into account what is happening in the wild. The Ottawa National Forest, for example, hasn’t been properly managed. The regulations as far as managing the forest make it so difficult that the forest is aging and the trees are actually falling down and rotting rather than being harvested. This is just one of the policies of this administration, and I am really hoping, now that we have a new administration coming forward, there will be a lot of change in the regulatory policies to actually develop policies that make sense for our environment and make sense for our people. That is why I wanted to speak tonight about many of these policies that affect our environment and global warming. A lot of policies of the last administration, even the administration before that, really don’t have the globe at the forefront of solving these problems. What they have been doing is just writing more and more regulations that stop whatever we are doing, and they don’t have any particular effect on the global environment. I am bringing this up for a reason. I just brought this little pollutionby country chart, and this is the global pollution for the whole world. We know the United States is a pretty big part of that. The EU is a big part of that. India is big, and China is the biggest. The rest of the world provides, probably, the largest. But what strikes me 
about this is the fact that we in America haven’t done things right all the time, but we are constantly striving to make improvements. My problem with the way that the regulations are written under this administration is the fact that we are killing our economy to improve the global environment, and yet we are a relatively small part of the problem of pollution and global warming—if you believe that it is manmade—and we are not really doing anything about the rest of this. We are putting so many regulatory burdens on our industry, like, for example, energy production. The cost of energy production is a big part of making steel, for example. Many of the countries around the world are buying steel not so much from us but from China and India because they are polluting the planet in order to produce cheap steel, and we are really helping the environment with all our regulations and everything to the point that we are losing all of our jobs. That doesn’t make any sense. If we were allowed to harvest our energy in a very environmentally friendly way, we would have more jobs here in this country. These guys would have less jobs. I want to keep jobs here in America. This is just one of the examples. Wait until you see some of the pictures I have. b1930 My district was once a huge mining area. We mine iron ore, construction sand and gravel, salt is produced in Michigan, and copper. And these are all goodpaying jobs. I am going to give you a great example of one of the weirdest regulations that have come out of this administration. And that is we do have a mine in my district that recently opened, a new nickel mine, the first nickel mine in this country, I think, in over 50 years. The road to the mine, there is no good road to the mine. There is 68 miles of road through a downtown and around a roundabout to the processing mill to process the nickel ore. The local county road commission wanted to build a 22mile road that would bypass the 68 miles of road through a downtown, but they can’t get a permit to build the road because EPA blocked it. Now, the Federal Government in Washington, D.C., is telling a local county in my district that they can’t build a road because it involves some wetlands. Well, there is about 5 acres of wetlands that have to be filled in order to build this road. Believe me, you can’t build a road anywhere in this country without filling in some wetlands in order to have the grade be safe. We have had environmental laws in this country that said: if you are going to fill in some wetlands to build a road, you have got to create some wetlands somewhere else to mitigate for the fact that you have taken away some habitat from some species maybe and that sort of thing. Well, the road commission put up 100 times the acreage of the wetlands that they were going to use for the roadway to mitigate for that. But that wasn’t good enough for the EPA. As a matter of fact, the EPA stopped the road without even listening very well to the mitigation plan. This was bad for jobs. It makes it difficult for the mine to do business. It makes the longevity of the mine not as good because it is more expensive to process the ore. And it creates more pollution because the trucks are driving 68 miles to the ore processing plant versus the 22 miles on a new road. Besides, the new road would open up a lot of other areas for economic development as well. Well, this is the type of rule and regulation that doesn’t make any sense to the people that want to protect their environment with fewer miles on the road with diesel trucks and also provide economic opportunity in an area that needs jobs. So I am really hopeful that we will continue with a new administration to improve and stop this ridiculous rulemaking that has absolutely no effect on the environment—if anything, it makes it worse—all because people in Washington here under this administration have decided that they know better than the people in Michigan who actually live there, and they can’t make a decision for themselves because you can’t possibly know it would be good for the environment because you are just living on the UP and you don’t really know what is what. That has been my frustration in my time here in Congress. That is a really good example of what is going on. I want to show you a couple of pictures of some places around the world that aren’t managing the environment, such as the United States is. Here we have a factory, a Chinese factory that is putting out all kinds of pollutants without any significant environmental controls on them at all. These are the kind of factories that we are competing with, with our factories, which are much better. We just had a coalfired power plant stopped in my district several years ago by the EPA because of this administration’s war on coal. This coal plant was a stateoftheart coal plant. It didn’t even produce CO2because, in my district, they are able to harness the technology to capture the CO2and sell it and actually use it to pump in the ground to help the production of local oil wells. The CO2is not an issue. So we are actually competing with people that do this to our environment, and losing jobs overseas because of the tight regulations we have here, but we are not doing anything about this that is going on across the world. None of the policies that we have instituted on our industry are in effect over there. We haven’t put any significant demands on the Chinese to make them stop doing this. I was talking to some biologists from the University of Michigan. We have an environmental research station in my district. The University of Michigan has been studying the environment for the last 100 years or so. And one of the things that I found really interesting was the fact that one of the great concerns about coal mining and coal used for energy production was the mercury in the air. I was talking to these guys from the University of Michigan and they said: we solved the mercury problem in this country decades ago; that is not a problem anymore. Most of the mercury that is in our environment here in the United States comes from China and India. Because it is over in China and India doesn’t mean that it is not a global problem. That stuff goes up in the atmosphere. It takes the jet stream, and it comes all the way over here. The majority of the pollutant mercury in our country is coming from places like this. This administration has done nothing about it except for putting more stringent controls on our energy production, making our energy more expensive, and making people want to buy steel and other products from countries that do this to our environment. This is not the right way to deal with this issue. If we are going to deal with global pollution, global production of harmful toxins, or global warming, we have to talk to people that are bad actors around the world and make them do their part and not make our industries really the joke of everyone else in the world because they are making money and we are losing our jobs and it doesn’t make any sense whatsoever. Let’s see another picture here. This is a pretty good one from India. This is a river in India. This is all trash in the middle of the river in India. I went to India, and I was appalled by how filthy it was and the lack of environmental rules. This is what we are dealing with. Now, I know the Indians and, perhaps, the Chinese are not as developed as we are, but they are competing in the same environment for industry as we are along the globe. I am hopeful that the coming Trump administration is going to take this kind of stuff seriously, unlike the Obama administration, which his only answer to global warming and global pollution is to put more and more restrictions on our industry, killing jobs in this country and giving more jobs to people around the world that do this. This picture is a good example of the way things are done across the world. Now, I come from a timber district where we want to harvest responsibly the timber that we have in our national forests. That means cutting trees down as they mature in a logical fashion so that there are a lot of healthy trees in the forest that are not overcome by disease and fire, which is what we have seen out West over the last couple of decades because those forests are not being managed. Originally, the national forests were developed as a place for multiple use— 
for harvesting for logs, for entertainment to go hunting and fishing. I hunt and fish in a national forest. But when the trees become over mature and they are not managed in a way that allow new growth, there is a limited amount of species that can exist in that type of a forest. This is what they do in Indonesia. This is a forest in Indonesia that was clearcut for miles and miles and miles. This is the way it was left. Now, that is not the way it is done in Michigan, not where I live, not in my Federal forests. The problem is we are not doing enough of the select cuts, the limited clearcuts that allow spreading of new growth. We are competing on our timber products with people that do this to their environment. Now, in this country, private forests and State forests are managed with the stewardship program where thirdparty stewards of the forest, who are registered, licensed, and trained how to manage forests, are given the opportunity to manage forests over decades, over centuries, so that there is always a healthy forest with midterm growth, longterm growth, new growth. There is a multiple of species that can live amongst that. People can hunt and enjoy that area. I just want to try to, Mr. Speaker, make sure the American people are aware of the fact that our environment is a place where we live, we want it to be good and healthy, and we want it also to be able to provide jobs for the people that live in my district and across the country. Some of the statistics I could give you about the Chinese, for example, is that in 2012, China was responsible for over a quarter of the pollution worldwide. As you saw in that circle, the total pollution in China currently equals the pollution from the United States and the European Union combined. This is expected to only increase. Now, China is run by a centralized government that has not traditionally respected the environment or the concerns of the locals when it comes to major decisions or projects. This is the type of policy that we can talk to the Chinese and have a discussion about what they can do to improve their behavior. India is currently the world’s fastest growing economy and already the fourth largest polluter. As the Indian economy grows, these emissions are going to continue to rise. As you see from Indonesia, there is deforestation and clearcutting in the rain forest. I want to have responsible and sustainable forestry practices because timber is a renewable resource. Now, our environmental actions have been incremental in nature, but, until this last administration, they haven’t been killing our industry. Now with the Obama administration’s war on coal, significant areas of our economy have fallen into disrepair. I am so thankful, frankly, that we have a new administration coming in that is going to, hopefully, put a stop to those policies that have been driving our jobs overseas and making it difficult for us here at home. I just want to show another graph here for U.S. employment in manufacturing industries. Now, starting in 1980 into 2014, as you can see, thousands of jobs in the manufacturing industries have gone down. I am not saying that environmental regulations are the complete cause of this, but I think this should be a pretty major part of our decisionmaking process as to how we do these things. We have a regulatory and approval process in the United States that most other countries don’t even approach or even pretend to go through. Having incremental change consulting with industry and still having strict standards, I think, can all happen at once. But when the current administration has had a policy of killing our industry and not doing anything about these foreign people, we need to put a change to that and turn this manufacturing number around and bring manufacturing back to where it should be. This slide was made up before the election, so I wasn’t sure it was going to happen in the next administration. b1945 Here are the economically significant regulations this government has put out all the way back to 2000. The number of regulations are expected to cost $100 million or more to the American people. You can see that, consistently, from the beginning of the Obama administration that that number has significantly increased. I am so happy to hear that Mr. Trump has promised, for every new regulation, to cut two. Let’s start with the cutting. At the end of the day, we need to protect our environment. However, hamstringing our economy will not save our environment. The other people on the planet provide for most of the pollution and for the other things that people are afraid of in the environment—more than we are by far. All too often, the consequences of overburdening regulations here in America is the flight of manufacturing and industry to nations such as China, Indonesia, and India. I am hopeful that my colleagues here in the House and in the Senate, along with a new administration, will change that and make logical regulations. I think this will benefit our planet. It will certainly benefit the American citizens. We shouldn’t be implementing expensive nonsolutions to a problem of which the extent and impact remain uncertain. I have been criticized in the past for talking about global warming and what the future is going to bring. With anything you talk about with regard to the administration’s being overregulatory, then you are accused of being a polluter of the planet. I ran for election several times, and these are the types of arguments that people will make to try to make you look bad, to make you look as if you want to pollute the planet. I think, really, Americans are tired of that baloney. We want to have a decent living; we want to have a clean planet; we want to make sure that the people around the world have the same values and interests that we do in that, if we are going to work hard to try to make our planet cleaner, they should, too, so that we are competing on an even scale here. With what we are doing now, we are not competing on an even scale. It is very important that we don’t allow people to intimidate us when we say: ‘‘I want to have more mining in this country. I want to be able to use coal.’’ They just immediately say that you are an antienvironmentalist, and it is just torture. Most of the people who say this kind of stuff have never been to a community that actually does mining. They just see it from afar. They don’t see the end result of a mine that has been rehabilitated and that is covered with green. They don’t have any idea what is really going on. They just use it in fear so that the American people don’t really realize the truth of what is going on, and they want their vote. They are causing fear in the American people by their saying: ‘‘This guy doesn’t want to protect the environment.’’ I mean, I want to protect the environment. I come from one of the most beautiful places in the country, I think. I want it to be clean and healthy for my children as well, and it is going to be really clean and healthy if nobody lives there because there are no jobs. We need to protect our environment, have policies that allow jobs to continue to occur in this country, and have reasonable regulations that make sense and that have sound, scientific studies. This administration has hid the scientific studies behind closed doors in many cases. I am a physician. I wrote research papers. I had to show my evidence to the world and have other people criticize what I wrote so that they could say: ‘‘You didn’t do that right,’’ or ‘‘your technique was flawed,’’ or ‘‘the study you did didn’t really show what you said it shows.’’ That is what happens in scientific research—you have to have your research open to criticism. This administration has used science in the way that they say: ‘‘The scientists say ‘this,’’’ but they don’t want to show you the data because they don’t want other people to criticize what they have done. They say that other people who might criticize them are just politicized when they, themselves, are politicized. They also don’t want the other side to speak, because they will say: ‘‘You are just anti environment.’’ We need to have an open discourse of scientists on both sides of issues—and consensus—before we make policies and regulations that kill millions of jobs and that cost families as their raises for the last 8 years have been meager. We need to be sure that science is open and not politicized as it has been in this administration. 
I encourage my colleagues to not be afraid to stand up for what is right and for jobs in this country. I encourage the people who may be watching, too, to think about what the politicians they listen to are saying and how it affects jobs and how it really affects the environment because, although we want a clean environment, we are not going to write rules that kill jobs and that do not do anything about the real polluters on this planet, who care nothing about the environment, and who are causing the majority of the problems around the globe. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA: MANUFACTURING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, our previous speaker spoke about the need to revitalize the American economy, and he talked about the regulatory environment as being one of the impediments. Certainly, there are many, many regulations that could impede economic development, but there are also regulations that might enhance economic development. Today I want to continue with what is now a 6year effort—oh, yes, let’s get this right side up. There we go—to Make It In America. Specifically, today, it is about manufacturing because manufacturing matters. When I first came to Congress in 2009, we were in the midst of the Great Recession, and millions of Americans had lost their jobs. We saw the Rust Belt literally collapse; we saw factories close; we saw our shipyards opened with nothing happening except in the U.S. naval yards. So here we are some 6 years later: the economy is recovering, and we can talk about regulations; but what I would like to talk about tonight are positive regulations—regulations and laws that grow the American economy, not regulations that would hinder. Specifically, as part of this Make It in America agenda, we have these fundamental policies. If we are going to rebuild the American economy, a big part of it has to be manufacturing. It does matter. So what are those issues that are involved in rebuilding the American economy? There are trade issues, and we have heard a lot about that in the recent Presidential campaign. Undoubtedly, the Congress will deal with that; Taxes. The debate about taxes really was not very clear in the Presidential election, but we are certainly going to be dealing with tax policy here, and we should. There is no doubt that the American tax policy hinders economic growth in many, many ways for small companies and encourages large companies to leave town—to leave America—and leave American workers and communities behind. We have seen too much of that; so tax policy becomes a very, very important part of this; With regard to energy and labor, I am going to go specifically to those; but just quickly are the educational policies. There is a lot of jabbering around here, on the floor of Congress, and out around the world about educational policies: Are our schools good enough? They don’t measure up. We need to have charter schools. We are going to go into that in a big way with our new President; but one of the most important parts of education, when we talk about rebuilding the American economy, is that we have properly trained workers whether they are in the computer field—in computer science—or whether they are in the shipyards welding the parts of a ship. A welltrained, wellprepared workforce is absolutely essential for the growth of the American economy; but education is not the subject today, nor is research; Infrastructure. It is part of what we are going to talk about today, and I am going to try to do this in, maybe, 10 minutes, but not much longer than that. What I want to focus on is energy policy and labor. Did you know—does America know—that the United States has become a net exporter of natural gas? Yes. We do have a boom in the energy industry. It has slowed down a little bit with the drop in the value of crude oil and natural gas; but, nonetheless, as of today, the United States is a net exporter of natural gas. That gas is exported to Canada and Mexico and other parts of the world. When it is exported to other parts of the world, it is exported in ships in liquefied form, called liquefied natural gas, LNG. On ships, liquefied natural gas is part of that export that has turned America from an importing country to an exporting country, which is good for all of us; but let us realize that that natural gas and, for that matter, crude oil, which is also now being exported, is a strategic national asset, a strategic national resource. It is absolutely crucial to the American economy. I will give you one example—Dow. The big chemical company is bringing back to the United States much of the manufacturing that it once did overseas of plastic and other products because of the strategic national asset called natural gas. The price of natural gas was low enough that that big, international, domestic, American company—Dow—is returning to the United States to manufacture. It is the same thing with oil. These are strategic national assets that we are now exporting. The question for us in public policy is: Can we, in some way, use this strategic national resource to expand the American economy? The answer is: absolutely, yes. It is not just to the benefit of the energy companies. Maybe we could wish them well as they export our strategic national asset to places around the world and gain a healthy profit— okay—but shouldn’t that be shared with the rest of America? I believe it should, and I know it could. Here is how, and it deals with this issue of labor and manufacturing: Make It In America. Manufacturing matters. Here is the deal. Those export facilities for LNG are big operations—lots of pipe, lots of plumbing, lots of containers, all of which are or could be made in America, creating American jobs. Now, once that natural gas is liquefied—that is, compressed into a liquid—and goes on a ship, the questions are: Where did that ship come from, and who are the sailors on the ship? It used to be, back when the North Slope of Alaska opened up, that the steel in the TransAlaska Pipeline and the ships that would then take that oil to the West Coast ports would be American ships with American sailors. It was the law. It was the regulation. Here you had a situation in which the law and regulations created American jobs for mariners and for the American shipyards. b2000 If we were to apply that same principle to the export of LNG, that strategic national resource, think of what would happen. This year, 2016, the first export facility in Louisiana, Cheniere, began exporting LNG on ships. They were not American ships. There were no American sailors on those ships. The policy of the North Slope oil was not extended to the export of LNG, to the detriment of American jobs. So here is what we ought to do. There is an energy bill floating around somewhere in the Senate and the House. Nobody knows exactly where it is. But in that energy bill, there is a section that enhances and speeds up the licensing of six other LNG export facilities around the United States on various coasts— on the East Coast, the Gulf Coast, as well as the West Coast. Why not take what we did with the North Slope oil, requiring that it be on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors, and apply that same principle, same law, to the export of LNG as these new facilities come online? It is said that the facility on the Gulf Coast, the Cheniere facility in its first part—there are three different pieces of that that will come in over time—the first part of that facility will take 100 ships to export the liquefied natural gas from that one facility. We are probably talking about a few hundred LNG ships to export the liquefied natural gas not only from the existing facility in the Gulf Coast, but to the other facilities that will be built in the future. Perhaps as much as 12 percent of the total natural gas, that strategic national asset, will be exported, requiring hundreds of ships. 
What if we passed a law called Energizing America? I like that title. In fact, we are going to introduce it tomorrow, Energizing America. It is a piece of legislation that would require that we provide 15 percent of the total export on Americanbuilt ships. Think about it. Perhaps over the next decade, our shipyards would be building maybe as many as a hundred ships. But let’s just say it is 10, 20, 30 ships. Perhaps more than 100,000 people could be employed in the construction of those ships. This would be a good regulation, wouldn’t it? It would be a regulation that would put Americans back to work. It would be a law that would say a strategic national asset of this Nation will also benefit another strategic national asset: the American shipyards. Our U.S. Navy depends on those shipyards. Every U.S. naval ship is built in America in American shipyards. And if we were to expand those shipyards, we would find more competition for the naval ships, perhaps a lower price. Perhaps we would also be able to employ marine engineers, welders, plumbers, steamfitters, steelworkers, not only at the shipyards, but in the manufacturing of the engines here in the United States. Make it in America. Build it in America. All it takes are a couple of paragraphs of law. That is all it would take, a couple of paragraphs of law that say between now and 2024, in the next 8 years, 15 percent of that liquefied natural gas must be on American built ships with American sailors. Now, it turns out that these American ships and the sailors are a strategic necessity for our U.S. military. Because it turns out that if you are going to project American power around the world, you have to be able to get there with the men, the women, and the materials—and that means ships. So we would build the U.S. merchant marine. We would build American shipyards so that they would be competitive around the world, and we would employ tens of thousands—and perhaps even hundreds or more thousand—of American workers in our shipyards. It is possible. All it takes is a law. So when this energy bill starts moving around—and maybe here in the lameduck session—I would propose a simple amendment: between now and 2024, 15 percent of that export of LNG would be on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors. Oh, by the way, there are some older American LNG ships that could be reflagged for the purposes of meeting at least part of that 15 percent in the initial years. And then after 2025, let’s ramp it up to 30 percent. Let’s keep our shipyards busy. Let’s keep our steelworkers, our welders, our plumbers, our marine engineers, our factories busy in the future with a very simple law that would be a really good regulation. Oh, I can hear the whining of the oil industry and of the natural gas industry, ‘‘Oh, it is going to be too expensive.’’ It is not nearly as expensive as not having American jobs and not be being able to project American power because we do not have a robust merchant marine and a robust number of American ships. Consider this fact: after World War II, we had 1,200 American ships, American sailors on them, all American flagged. In the 1980s, we had 500. Today, we have less than 80. We are seeing the disappearance of the American merchant marine. American sailors, Americanflagged ships, American shipyards are all diminishing and very rapidly disappearing. It is up to us, your elected officials—myself, my colleagues, 434 other Members of Congress and the 100 Senators. And, I guess, the new President is interested in making America great again. Hey, here is how you can do it, President elect Trump. Do it in policies that once again call for making it in America. So what are my colleagues going to do? Let this opportunity slip? Let this opportunity disappear? Forget about the strategic nature of energy in the United States, the strategic necessity of being able to project American power with American sailors and American ships to go wherever we want? Oh, yes, I heard somebody say, well, we could contract to have ships sent to move our military: Oh, yeah, hello, Mr. Xi. Oh, yeah, I am phoning. Yeah, I’m phoning from Washington, D.C., and, yeah, can you folks in Beijing send over ships so that we can send men and material to the South China Sea? It is not likely to happen, right? We can’t depend on other countries. We have to depend on our own abilities, our own shipyards, our own mariners. We can do it. There are many bad regulations to be sure. There are some that hinder the economy. But I would propose to you that a very good law could be used to build the American economy by simply requiring that the export of liquefied natural gas be done on American ships, 15 percent between now and 2024, and thereafter, 30 percent, echoing what we did back in the 1960s when the North Slope of Alaska opened up and that oil came south. American steel pipe and American made ships with American sailors, we can do it once again for the benefit of our country, for our national security, and for American workers and American businesses. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. JONES (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2873. An Act to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technologyenabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 28, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 4902. To amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. H.R. 5873. To designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 30, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Nov. 10, 2016. 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATI VES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATI VES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
*Traveler departed trip stateside due to a death in the family. Post was unable to cancel rooms in Manila and Sydney. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Nov. 7, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Nov. 7, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Nov. 15, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1219. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–834). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5790. A bill to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (Rept. 114–835). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5920. A bill to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees (Rept. 114–836, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6302. A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents performing protective services during 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–837). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H. Res. 933. A resolution providing amounts for further expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress (Rept. 114–838). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 934. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–839). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5920 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CNERNEY (for himself and Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois): H.R. 6394. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on promoting broadband Internet access service for veterans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 6395. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt the spouses of active duty members of the Armed Forces from the determination of whether an employer is subject to the employer health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. K IND, and Mr. N EAL): H.R. 6396. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the qualification requirements with respect to certain multiple employer plans with pooled plan providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6397. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that new wind turbines located near certain military installations are ineligible for the renewable electricity production credit and the energy credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6398. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for the inclusion of unmarried women in the criteria for awarding a grant to a women’s business center; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6399. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create a Medicare hospital wage index metropolitan floor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6400. A bill to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Mrs. RADEWAGEN ): H.R. 6401. A bill to amend Public Law 94 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California (for herself and Mr. ROEof Tennessee): H.R. 6402. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to avoid duplicative annual reporting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. HONDA , and Mrs. B USTOS ): H. Res. 932. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to thirdparty charges on consumer telephone bills; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska): H. Res. 935. A resolution expressing the sense of the House that Congress should recognize the benefits of charitable giving and express support for the designation of #GivingTuesday; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WELCH: H. Res. 936. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that all students should have access to the digital tools necessary to further their education and compete in the 21st century economy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 241: Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 449: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 592: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 604: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 729: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 846: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 855: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 994: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1116: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1171: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1202: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 1211: Mr. HECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1356: Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 1422: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1427: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 1457: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 1526: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 1559: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 1608: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , and Mr. M CNERNEY. H.R. 2050: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 2293: Mr. CLAYand Mr. D IAZBALART . H.R. 2368: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2411: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 2434: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2450: Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2903: Mr. COLE. H.R. 3226: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 3229: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 3268: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 3355: Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala bama, and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3365: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 3381: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 3474: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 3666: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3706: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 3846: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 4013: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4212: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4220: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4275: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4380: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4625: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 4818: Mr. YOHOand Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.R. 4919: Ms. BASS. H.R. 5082: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 5167: Ms. PINGREE and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5180: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5235: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 5262: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5369: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 5410: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 5474: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 5489: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 5584: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5667: Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5681: Mr. HARPER and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 5721: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. RENACCI , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 5916: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5932: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5974: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5999: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. YODER , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 6020: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 6021: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 6030: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 6045: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 6099: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 6100: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. PERRY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 6108: Mr. OLSON , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 6116: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 6117: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. M CNERNEY. H.R. 6139: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 6159: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 6185: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 6208: Mrs. TORRES , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. COMSTOCK , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6283: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 6299: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 6316: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 6336: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 6340: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. NADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. MENG, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. MOORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 6346: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 6374: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 6382: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. BEYER , and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 6392: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. H ILL, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mrs. L OVE. H.J. Res. 102: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. BRADY of Texas. H. Con. Res. 145: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. RYANof Ohio. H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. YOHOand Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H. Con. Res. 162: Mr. MCGOVERN and Ms. TITUS. H. Con. Res. 165: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. DIAZBALART , Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. M OULTON . H. Res. 752: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. B LACK , Miss RICE of New York, Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. TONKO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. P LASKETT . H. Res. 838: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H. Res. 854: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 871: Mr. BARR. H. Res. 925: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H. Res. 926: Ms. ADAMS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Ms. PLASKETT . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. LUETKEMEYER  H.R. 6392 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6521 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2016 No. 170 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 