Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the ambush and murder of police officers during a peaceful protest is a tragedy that tears at the heart of every American. I agree with the Speaker that episodes like this must not harden our divisions, but should unify us as a country. We are all horrified by this despicable act of violence, and we share in the shock and grief for the officers killed, their loved ones, and the entire Dallas community. When these officers left their homes earlier in the day, there was always the chance that they would be in danger. Right now, we don’t even know the names of all of them. The names have not been released. But I do want to acknowledge DART Officer Brent Thompson and those whose names are yet to be released, as well as those who are wounded, including one civilian. Many questions have yet to be answered. But whatever the motivation of the perpetrators of this horrible crime, it is clear that those perpetrators of this vile act have an agenda of evil. The past few days have seen too much death and too much heartbreak. As Reverend Martin Luther King wrote: ‘‘Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.’’ That, of course, reminds me of our glorious song of St. Francis, which is the anthem of my city of San Francisco, that I call upon now. St. Francis appealed to the Lord: Make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is darkness, may I bring light. Where there is hatred, may I bring love. Where there is despair, may I bring hope. 
I associate myself with the remark of our Speaker when he referenced our President: ‘‘Justice will be done.’’ Justice must be done. Also, mercy must be done. As we do that, as we seek mercy and justice, I also want to reference a remark of the mayor of Dallas when he said we must get to the root causes of what happened last night. In that spirit, I want to also acknowledge Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge and Philando Castile. We have to get the facts and get to the root causes of what caused these tragedies. In the spirit of Martin Luther King and of St. Francis of Assisi, we must continue to do the work of nonviolence and demand an end to senseless killing everywhere. We must do so sharing our common values, our faith, and the dignity and worth of every person, the spark of divinity that lives in all of them, and our tremendous, tremendous grief in the loss of life. Just, in particular, for the families of the police officers, thank you. Thank you for sharing your loved ones with us. We pray that it is a comfort to you that so many people mourn your loss and are praying for you at this sad time. 
PATIENT ACCESS TO DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ACT OF 2016 (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the House on the passage of H.R. 5210, which it passed this week. This legislation provides relief to durable medical equipment providers in competitively bid areas until October 1, 2017. Competitive bidding was created by the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003. H.R. 5210 extends the current phase in of competitively bid DME prices to noncompetitively bid areas. This is vital to ensure that Congress has enough time to monitor current phase in of noncompetitively bid DME prices and their effect in rural areas. In January of 2016, the competitive bidding program began its nationwide rollout, and, as a result, many areas, including rural areas, saw a significant cut in prices, which is now jeopardizing access to durable medical equipment for many beneficiaries. The First Congressional District of Georgia has numerous durable medical device companies that provide services throughout all of southeast Georgia. With many parts of my district being rural communities, evidence suggests that the current structure of CMS’ proposed pricing of DMEs would significantly harm these communities. That is why H.R. 5210 is so important. I commend my Georgia colleague, Representative PRICE, for offering this bill, and I commend my House colleagues for passing this measure. I encourage the Senate to begin consideration of this measure so rural beneficiaries in need of durable medical equipment are not unduly harmed by CMS’ proposals. f 
WE NEED WORDS OF HEALING INSTEAD OF WORDS OF HATE (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, sometimes—not all the time, but sometimes—out of chaos we can find our purpose. It is going to be my prayer this night and for the next few nights that this body can see clearly that our purpose is to lead our Nation away from the edge of the mare’s nest of fear and a response to fear that creates even more fear. We do so by understanding that words matter. Words matter. They can do damage. I grew up in public housing in Texas right outside of Dallas, Texas, and in the projects they would say: Sticks and stones may break my words, but words can never hurt me. It wasn’t true when I was a boy, and it is not true today. Words can hurt; words can horrify; words can hinder; but words can also heal. One of the things we need more today than we have in the immediate past, are words of healing instead of words of hate. 
DALLAS TERRORISM TRAGEDY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with deep sadness at the horrific spectacle that took place in Dallas, where members of the Dallas Police Department and the Dallas Rapid Transit System were singled out for terrorist activity during what had been a civil protest, ironically, about officers themselves. They stood in the gap—even keeping order as their fellow officers were falling—as they were being protested in the march over recent tragic events that had happened elsewhere in our Nation. As the sniper shots rang out, and as they saw their brothers falling, these Dallas officers still responded to their internal call to duty to protect not themselves, but the innocent demonstrators that were also in that line of fire. Mr. Speaker, time and again, America’s police show their commitment to all lives, and we know they will continue to do so. Like any government agency, they need accountability when they do wrong also; but we find that the vast and great number of contacts with police and all lives of Americans are for the positive and wellbeing of their security. We find in John 15:13: 
Greater love has no man than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. 
The now five officers whose lives have been taken in the line of duty have shown that greater love. Our country uplifts to God these five lives lost, those injured or still in medical peril, their families and loved ones who suffer beside them, for comfort and healing. We are more indebted to them all than we can ever express. 
b1030 HARMONIZE AND MOBILIZE THROUGH TRAGEDY (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ). Mr. CLEAVER. I thank the gentleman from California. Mr. Speaker, when a nation experiences a tragedy like the one we have just witnessed, it can either further polarize, weaponize, and fragmentize, or it can harmonize and mobilize. The House of Representatives of the United States must choose the latter. When reason fails, as it sometimes does, in my world, it is time to pray. We have multiple religious affiliations in this body, but all of us believe in something that would condemn any kind of violence, even verbal violence. The world is watching what we do, and we shouldn’t waste time watching over our ideology. A little boy closed his finger in the door and began to cry. His name was Bob. He began to cry and cry and cry, and his parents ran in. His other brother, Billy, was also crying. The parents thought both of them were hurt, but when they looked at Billy, they said, ‘‘You haven’t been hurt. Why are you crying?’’ He said, ‘‘I am helping Bob cry.’’ This whole Nation is crying, and those of us here, in our hearts, are helping the people of Dallas cry. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO BELLEFONTE HIGH SCHOOL’S RED RAIDERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the players and coaches of the Bellefonte High School Red Raiders baseball team, in Pennsylvania’s Fifth District, for their PIAA Class AAA championship 2–0 win over Susquehanna Township. It is Bellefonte’s first State title in baseball in school history. Remarkably, the Red Raiders started this year with a 1–7 record. When most teams would have lost heart and the will to win, these young men served as an inspiration. At the championship game, Dom Masullo pitched a complete game, allowing five hits and struck out five batters. Colton Burd stole second and scored on a single by Tyler Kreger to give the Red Raiders a 1–0 lead. Bellefonte pushed its lead to 2–0 after Garrett Reiter scored. Coach Dan Fravel offered this observation, saying, ‘‘I don’t know why you would play the game if you don’t plan on winning every game. That’s just my mentality, and it’s a compliment to them as a group. I’ve watched them play the last couple of years. I knew that there were talented kids on the team, and they know how to win.’’ Congratulations, Red Raiders, on your historic win. We are very proud of you. f 
THE PREVENTION OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, America is hurting. The hearts of Americans are made heavier by the acts of violence that are driven by anger and fear and hate and insensitivity. We need to step up and heal as a nation with lives lost innocently, with the lives of those who protect us daytoday lost tragically, with those pulled aside for routine traffic stops end up in a scenario where life oozes from them senselessly. America hurts. We need to come together as a nation. We need to understand that there is so much that unites us, far more than what divides us. Respect for each other must drive and compel and challenge us as a society, as a nation, to do far better. Congress needs to lead in that regard. We need to be part of that coming together to understand through intellect, concern, compassion, through our wisdom—through our hearts that are burning with love—that love conquers hate. We can accomplish that with the prevention of gun violence. Let’s come together and heal. 
GOLDEN GOOSE AWARD (Mr. LUCAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Edward Knipling and Raymond Bushland, who are two scientists who posthumously received this year’s Golden Goose Award for their research into the screwworm fly. No doubt, many people have never heard about the screwworm fly, but my father and grandfather, both cattlemen, often told me stories of how devastating these pests were to their herds. By laying eggs in animal wounds, the screwworm could kill a fullsized cow in less than 2 weeks, costing ranchers millions of dollars in losses each and every year. Using funds provided by the USDA, Dr. Knipling and Dr. Bushland focused on sterilizing the insects. Thanks to their efforts over 20plus years, the screwworm population was eradicated in the U.S. by 1982, leading to healthier livestock markets and lower beef prices for consumers after only $250,000 in basic research. As vice chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, I am pleased these men will be honored this year, and I hope my colleagues will keep their story in mind as the House considers how to use scientific research in the Nation’s collective interest. f 
REDUCE GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. SWALWELL of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, we mourn the loss of the police officers in Dallas, and we pray for the recovery of those who are still in the hospital, trying to heal. As a brother of two police officers and as the son of a police officer, this is every family member’s worst nightmare to think that, when you see them off to work, you may never see them come home. So we stand here, this House, with the families. We think about Sergeant Scott Lunger, back in Hayward, California, who lost his life on July 22 of last year. It is also not inconsistent, as we mourn the deaths of these police officers, to also ask for justice without delay for Alton Sterling of Louisiana and for Philando Castile of Minnesota. That is not inconsistent. What is inconsistent, though, is to have a moment of silence or to make a call for justice but then to do nothing further in this Chamber—the one place in the world where we can make the greatest difference to reduce gun violence. I hope this House answers that call and does not stand silent any longer but, actually, recognizes why we are here—to keep the public safe and to act. 
MOURNING SLAIN DART POLICE OFFICER BRENT THOMPSON (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, the entire Nation is aghast and shocked and in mourning about what happened in Dallas, Texas, last evening. One of the officers who was killed was an officer named Brent Thompson. He was a constituent of mine from Corsicana, Texas, and was a graduate of Corsicana High School. He was 43 years old. He had just gotten married 2 weeks earlier. He was a Dallas Area Rapid Transit officer, a DART officer, and he was shot—targeted—in cold blood by, apparently, an organized effort to target police officers, perhaps even Anglo police officers, in Dallas. 
We need to pray for his family, and we also need to take a look at our society and make a decision that we should respect, admire, and support those who defend us. Our prayers go out to Officer Thompson’s family. 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF LIFE IN DALLAS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my heart breaks, as do the hearts of my colleagues, over the terrible tragedy that took place last night and for the victims of the horrific violence that we have seen in the last few days and weeks. We are better than this. We can do better than this. In this body, we must do better than this. 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 809, I offer a motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Thornberry moves that the House take from the Speaker’s table the bill S. 2943, with the House amendment thereto, insist on the House amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is a motion to request a conference on S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act. This is a procedural motion, which will allow the House and the Senate to conference our differences. The House passed its bill on May 18, by a vote of 277–147. The Senate subsequently passed its bill. I hope that the House will support this motion and allow us to proceed to conference. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas. The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Conferees on S. 2943 will be appointed at a later time. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 809, I call up the conference report on the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 809, the conference report is considered read. (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of July 6, 2016, at page H4392.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the conference report to accompany S. 524. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The simple truth is that we are in the midst of a real epidemic. Nearly every 12 minutes, someone in America dies of a drug overdose. The CDC reports over a quarter billion opioid prescriptions were written in the year 2012. The abuse of prescription painkillers and heroin has impacted, virtually, every single community. It is an epidemic that has no boundaries and does not discriminate. In my State of Michigan, we are seeing 10 times as many deaths today as there were 15 years ago. Sadly, the number continues to surge; but behind every statistic is a person who was loved, part of a family and community, and, yes, who was lost too soon. b1045 It is a frightening reality, but we have to face this epidemic head on, and today’s vote is an important step forward. Since the beginning of this process, our focus has been, and continues to be, on attacking this public health crisis from every side, from zeroing in on treatment for addiction and overdoses to reforming prescription practices in the delivery of medicines and working with law enforcement of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Specifically, this conference report addresses prevention care by requiring HHS to create an interagency task force to address chronic and pain management care and by reauthorizing NASPER, a piece of legislation the House has passed with very large bipartisan support. The conference report addresses treatment by ensuring opioid reversal medication is accessible to patients, their family members and, yes, first responders as well. These medications are key to stopping the overdose epidemic and getting these patients into proper treatment to become productive members of our society. The conference report also ensures proper oversight and accountability by including the majority leader’s OPEN Act. The conference report, as a whole, touches on the spectrum of issues driving the opioid crisis. While there is no one solution, we are making progress in addressing a problem that has rapidly grown. So I want to thank all my colleagues—certainly on the Energy and Commerce Committee that I chair and those off—for working to advance these important bipartisan bills that will make a real difference in our communities. I am also proud that our final package has achieved the support of over 200 of the Nation’s leading advocacy groups, groups from across the country that are focused on recovery. These advocates are on the front lines in this epidemic and truly appreciate the positive impact that our solutions will have in every community. There is an urgency to our work as drug overdose deaths surge in Michigan and beyond. We owe this effort to the past, present, and, sadly, future victims of the opioid epidemic; our neighbors, friends, family across every part of the family in every demographic group. So let’s come together and get the job done. What we are doing will save lives. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. After much thought, I have decided to support the conference report on S. 524. It is not perfect and does not nearly do enough from a funding perspective, but it makes some important steps that would allow us to begin to address the opioid addiction crisis that is impacting our Nation. The American people are desperate for relief from the opioid epidemic currently devastating our country, and they are depending on this Congress to act. By now, we have all heard the stories: young people taken from their families in their prime; babies born suffering from the cruel effects of opioid withdrawal; and parents who have lost the ability to care for their families as they battle their addiction. To treat this epidemic as anything less than a national crisis would be a terrible mistake. And even though we have already lost far too many lives to overdoses, we still have an opportunity to save many more. This conference report includes many important policies that have bipartisan agreement. For example, we will now allow patients and doctors to choose to partially fill their opioids so that excess medicines are not dispensed unnecessarily. This will reduce the number of unused pills in circulation, which will reduce the risk of misuse, diversion, and overdose. The conference report also allows nurse practitioners and physician assistants to treat individuals with 
opioid use disorders with buprenorphine. This final report also includes important and proven programs to address prevention, treatment, and recovery; but just changing policies alone won’t be enough. This legislation takes only a small step at a time when the American people need us to run. Mr. Speaker, how can we truly help the American people without giving them the resources to fight this epidemic? We cannot wait while lives continue to be destroyed by opiate addiction and while treatment options remain out of reach. Congressional Democrats, Mr. Speaker, have long advocated for more funding in this package and have even proposed bipartisan policies to offset the cost, but Republicans have stubbornly refused to commit essential funding as part of this overall bill. Time and again they have rejected efforts to make a real difference by going beyond the important policy changes in this bill and actually supporting significant funding to properly take on this growing national epidemic today. Instead, Republicans have committed to increasing funding through the appropriations process, and we will certainly make sure that they live up to the repeated promises they have made in this regard. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this conference report to S. 524. This conference report is one of the proudest moments I have had as an elected Member of this body. I believe there are numerous challenges that our community healthcare providers face, and this bill helps them address those challenges. As a lifelong pharmacist, I believe the key first steps to address this opioid epidemic is education, improvement of treatment, and a reliance on State PDMP programs. This bill does all of that. Many of my colleagues have opposed this conference report and this bill because it does not authorize enough money or it doesn’t provide every provision they want. There are things that I would have changed in this bill, but we have all had an opportunity to amend these provisions, and this has created a bipartisan, bicameral piece of legislation. Overall, this should not be the end of this conversation, but this bill is a good bill and addresses many of the problems Americans face with opioid addiction. I would like to commend leadership from both Chambers on this bill, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. There is no question that we have an opiate epidemic sweeping our communities throughout Wisconsin and the rest of the Nation. I spent the better part of the last year holding listening sessions back home in my congressional district in western and north central Wisconsin, getting feedback from law enforcement, healthcare providers, treatment centers, and families that have been impacted by drug addiction and the opioid addiction to ensure that this legislation that we have pending before us today doesn’t get too far out ahead of what they actually need. There are a lot of good policy changes in this bill, but one thing that is lacking that the gentleman also pointed out is the resource aspect of this. They do need tools. They do need additional resources. I am hoping that later in the year, whether it is through a continuing resolution or the funding of these operations, that we can find in a bipartisan way the increase of necessary resources for folks back home so that they can get out ahead of this curve and do an adequate job of turning the trend line away. I am also supportive because the legislation before us contains the Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act. Jason Simcakoski was a veteran who died at the Tomah VA Medical Center a couple of years ago due to an opioid drug overdose. We have, in this legislation, a continuation of reforms that are being implemented to ensure that all of our veterans, whether in Wisconsin or throughout the Nation, are getting the care and the treatment they need; that we continue down the road of revamping the pain management practices at places like Tomah. I am confident that with the provisions in here, if we do this the right way, that Tomah and the VA system could be a model of proper pain management practices not just within the VA system, but throughout the entire healthcare system. There is no question we haven’t done a good job of managing pain as a nation. That is true of whether it is in the VA. It is true whether it is in the private health sector. This legislation before us today gives us an opportunity to continue down that road and do a much better job. The Jason Simcakoski Act, for instance, will call for clinical practice guidelines to be instituted throughout the entire VA system. It enhances pain management education and training for our healthcare providers. It improves realtime tracking and access to data on opioid usage. It also expands opiate safety initiatives throughout all the VA centers. It expands the patient advocacy program, which is particularly important because I think the families are the first line of defense when it comes to the care and treatment of all our veterans. They know what is working and what isn’t. They need greater input and better lines of communication to help affect the course of treatment that is impacting the veterans in their life. It also calls on the VA to explore more complimentary and alternative forms of medicine to deal with pain management so we are not just loading our veterans up with a cocktail of prescription drugs, which oftentimes lead to addiction which can lead to meth and heroin usage. I also think that this legislation gives us an opportunity to establish that strong partnership that needs to exist at the Federal, State, and local level, including private entities, so we can do a better job on the opioid addiction problem throughout our Nation. This is an allhandsondeck moment. As a former special prosecutor who had to deal in the criminal system with a lot of it, our response cannot just be a criminal justice response. It has to be a public health response or we lose this battle going into it. I think this legislation does provide crucial tools to help us make that pivot, but we also need the crucial resources; and that is something that we are going to have to address as this year progresses. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I appreciate the hard work that the committees and those involved have put into this legislation. But it will be a work in progress, and we have to continue to listen to the folks on the ground back home to ensure that they are getting the help and support that they need. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Chairman UPTON ’s leadership and partnership throughout this important effort. Today is a proud day in our Nation’s history. Today the House will complete its work on a comprehensive legislative package to combat the terrible epidemic of opioid abuse, which is ravaging our country. We have all heard the grim statistics. 129 people die every day from drug overdose. That is more than 47,000 a year. These people are our neighbors, friends, and loved ones. They come from all walks of life and all communities. They need our help. Today, the House is answering the call. The conference report we are considering today represents a truly comprehensive response to the opioid epidemic. It includes provisions from 18 bills passed by the House in May and addresses all facets of the epidemic. It permits the government to make grants for purposes of prevention, treatment and recovery, overdose reversal through the use of FDAapproved and appropriately labeled drugs and devices, and law enforcement and investigative purposes. Significantly, the conference report preserves the provisions of the Judiciary Committee’s flagship bill, H.R. 
5046, which passed this House in May by an overwhelming 413–5 vote. This historic legislation, which was sponsored by Crime Subcommittee Chairman JIMSENSENBRENNER , creates a comprehensive Justice Department grant program to help States fight opioid addiction. It authorizes $103 million annually over 5 years for the grant program. It directs precious taxpayer dollars responsibly by leveraging and streamlining existing programs, and it is fully offsetting the legislation in compliance with the House’s CutGo proposal. The conference report authorizes this funding for a wide variety of anti opioid activities, including drug courts which have proven to be highly successful and which I support. In fact, it is my expectation, Mr. Speaker, that drug courts will continue to receive funding levels in future years similar to current funding levels. In addition to H.R. 5046, this conference report contains provisions from three other Judiciary Committee bills, including H.R. 5052, the OPEN Act, which increases the transparency and accountability of the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program in H.R. 5046; H.R. 4985, the Kingpin Designation Improvement Act, which protects classified information from disclosure when a drug kingpin challenges his designation as such in a Federal court; and H.R. 5048, the Good Samaritan Assessment Act, which requires the GAO to study State and local Good Samaritan laws that protect caregivers, law enforcement personnel, and first responders who administer opioid overdose reversal drugs or devices from criminal or civil liability, as well as those who contact emergency service providers in response to an overdose. In addition, the Judiciary Committee moved as part of this package S. 32, the Transnational Drug Trafficking Act. That legislation, which has already been signed into law, improves law enforcement’s ability to pursue international drug manufacturers, brokers, and distributors in source nations. Federal prosecutors can now use the important tools in that bill to pursue foreign drug traffickers who are poisoning American citizens. Along with the excellent legislation prepared by our sister committees, spearheaded by Chairmen UPTON , MILLER, and K LINE, these bills make substantial policy changes within the Federal agencies responsible for fighting addiction. They take real steps to address the opioid epidemic and provide real relief for a real problem affecting real Americans. Members of this body should be proud of these accomplishments. b1100 I would like to stress, Mr. Speaker, that opposition to this conference report on the basis of funding is wrong and misguided. As I stated, this legislation authorizes $103 million just for Justice Department programs. Under the leadership of Chairmen ROGERS , CULBERSON , COLE, CRENSHAW , and DENT, the House Committee on Appropriations has responded admirably to this epidemic by allocating hundreds of millions of dollars in funding for these programs. The CJS appropriations bill contains $103 million in funding for the DOJ program. The Labor/ HHS bill, released Wednesday, contains $581 million to address opioid and heroin abuse, which is above even the President’s budget request. The Financial Services and General Government bill has funded High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and DrugFree Communities Support Programs at record highs. Nobody can come to this floor and credibly claim that the House is not putting its money where its mouth is. I thank my colleagues for their support and hard work. Yesterday we received a letter signed by 233 addiction stakeholder groups, endorsing the conference report to S. 524. I urge everyone to support this conference report. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), our Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank him for his excellent work in bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor. With all due respect to Mr. GOODLATTE , I credibly come to the floor to say that this bill does not provide the funding that we need to address the opioid crisis in our country. I thank Mr. UPTON again. I know this is his last year as chairman of the committee. I thank him for his openness, his willingness to work in a bipartisan way, and I do think that this is a good piece of legislation. It is lacking one thing: the resources to get the job done. I also come to the floor as an appropriator, and to hear Mr. GOODLATTE say what is coming out of here and coming out of there, in our subcommittee on Labor/HHS, we call it the lambeat lamb committee because there was no good place to take money from. We had carefully and economically husbanded the resources in such a way, when we did budget agreements, to use the money very well for its purposes: the investments in education and health, et cetera. So when an emergency comes along like the opioid epidemic, like Zika, like Flint, these are emergencies, and by tradition, this House has always declared emergencies—whether a natural disaster or otherwise—to say that funding would not be lambeatlamb within the appropriations process and take funds from very needed initiatives that Congress had agreed to in our own authorizations otherwise. So it had been my intention for us to come to the floor to oppose this bill to be able to sustain a Presidential veto until there would be resources. But in the spirit of this day, we come to the floor instead to say let’s move the process along, but let’s also say that there are other issues, like opioids, and Zika, and Flint that we really have to address in the near term. The opioid epidemic, as it has been said by the distinguished chairman and ranking member and others, is such an important challenge to the wellbeing of our country. While you may say Flint is in Michigan and Zika is down south, the fact is they affect all of us. But opioids are right there in all of our communities, and all of the Members of Congress immediately see the need for the authorization but also for the funding. The opioid conference report includes many important authorizing provisions in a bipartisan way, but it does not include the new funds that are essential to saving lives from opioids. Around a dozen law enforcement people were at the White House yesterday talking about the opioid epidemic. Many people outside of the Congress support the principles in this bill. But do you know that some of those law enforcement officials are having separate fundraisers of their own in order to help people address their opioid challenge? We are just not living up to our responsibility in a timely fashion. Within the next week, hopefully, we will leave with some additional funding. The President has asked for $1.1 billion to address the problem. The distinguished chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary says that the appropriators are putting more than that in certain cases in opioids; but if they are taking it out of other priorities, other investments in the health and wellbeing and the security of the American people, we are doing this at the expense of other good investments. We will not stop fighting until America’s families have the prevention, treatment, and recovery resources they need to overcome the opioid epidemic, and that is why for today, although the votes are there to sustain a Presidential veto, we don’t encourage that. We encourage our cooperation today with the hope and the promise that Mr. ROGERS , whom we all respect—I served with him on Appropriations—and Mrs. LOWEY can come to terms in a way that does not have the opioid epidemic funded at the expense of other investments important to the American people. It is a priority. It is an emergency. In other cases we have had emergency spending for just that. When we do budget agreements, as we did last year—very difficult staying under the caps and the rest—it was not with the idea that there would be a $1.1 billion need for opioids or $1.9 billion need for Zika funding or there wouldn’t be hundreds of millions of dollars for Flint. These are extraordinary emergencies. They should be treated that way. Nonetheless, I congratulate Mr. UPTON and Mr. P ALLONE and all who had a role in putting this legislation together. I hope that it is just a first 
step that in the very, very near future we will have money to match the values that are contained in this legislation. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 21 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 22
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, a partner in this effort from day one. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I would briefly like to discuss with my friend and partner in this effort, the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, how the conference report encourages innovation by allowing alternative therapies to qualify for funding while also requiring evaluation and reporting on the effectiveness of all authorized programs. In my district, some nonprofit organizations are using animalassisted psychotherapy to successfully address mental health and personal development needs, including for veterans, and animals have also helped prison inmates achieve lifechanging developments. It is my understanding that these and other alternative therapies are eligible for funding under the grant programs contained in the conference report. And I would ask the gentleman from Michigan: Is that your understanding as well? Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Absolutely is the answer, yes. Section 601, the State demonstration grants for comprehensive opioid abuse response, is designed to allow States the flexibility to do what is right and aid in establishing a comprehensive response. Under this grant, we emphasize prevention and treatment, but those are not the only two ways to address the opioid epidemic. Recovery, like the good work that Chairman GOODLATTE cited in his district, as it is in mine, is equally as important. We need a comprehensive response to the crisis that should leave no stone unturned in our quest for helping those in need. I want to thank the chairman for his help in that effort, and I absolutely agree with his reading of the bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues argue that we will pass this authorization bill today, and then sometime down the line we will provide funding through the regular appropriations process. But the problem is that that response does not match the urgency of the crisis. To understand why, let’s just take a quick look at the 2016 appropriations process. While the fiscal year 2016 began on October 1, 2015, the omnibus fiscal year 2016 appropriations act did not become law until December 18, 2015. If, as expected, the fiscal year 2017 process is similar, it will be at least 6 months before we can provide funding through the fiscal year 2017 appropriations process; and that is 6 months in which more people will die from potentially preventable overdose deaths and more individuals and families in need of treatment options will be unable to access them. There is also no guarantee that additional funds will be made available through the appropriations process. The fiscal austerity policies of my Republican colleagues also make this option untenable. Due to the sequestration caps demanded by the Republicans, an increase in spending for one program can only occur with the cutting of funding for another program. While the Republicans will say they introduced a Labor/HHS bill with $500 million in funding for a comprehensive State grant program for substance abuse treatment, what they don’t say is that to provide that funding, we will have to agree to cut funding for other critical programs. The Republican Labor/HHS appropriations bill proposes eliminating funding for ObamaCare, title X family planning services, education programs, and employment training and development programs. Not only are these cuts objectionable, we don’t have to make such choices. We have bipartisan payfors available to offset the direct appropriations of funding now, and we cannot afford to wait. So this is truly an urgent crisis, and we should treat it as such by providing critical funding immediately. Failure to act will unacceptably lead to more deaths, and our communities cannot afford to wait any longer. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a fellow conferee and member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this conference report. It is a great step forward in the fight against the scourge of drug addiction. I was proud to serve on the conference committee that crafted this package, and I thank Chairman UPTON and Chairman G RASSLEY for their tremendous leadership on the issue. This measure includes language that I authored with my Democratic colleague, Congressman SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of the Hudson Valley in New York State, that targets opioid addiction’s strong ties to prescription drug abuse and the issue of overprescription. It is one part of a comprehensive plan that will make serious progress on this challenge that strains law enforcement and taxpayer resources and cuts too many lives tragically short. This package comes the same week we secured passage of a landmark overhaul of our Nation’s mental health care system. These are major priorities of the American people, and this is how Congress should work, gaining ideas and insight from the constituencies across the Nation and working together in a bipartisan fashion to address the important issues confronting the United States. On this very sad day, given the horrific events in Dallas last night, we are reminded that a great many issues face our country. I hope the spirit of cooperation that secured this week’s productivity will guide us on the other challenges we face as a nation. I want to work on what unites us in the United States and on the priorities of all Americans. This conference report is one of those priorities, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I said before, this conference report does include important and proven programs to address prevention, treatment, and recovery with regard to opioid abuse, and I did want to mention a few. There is authorization to create a grant program for eligible entities to promote the prescribing of opioid reversal drugs, naloxone, in conjunction with opiates for patients at an elevated risk of overdose. There is a program to reauthorize SAMHSA grants for the funding of residential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women with substance use disorders. There is a demonstration grant program to States to streamline State requirements and procedures in order to assist veterans who have completed military emergency medical technician training to meet requirements for becoming an emergency medical technician in the State. There is also a State grant program to increase the implementation of standing orders for opioid overdose reversal medication, again, naloxone. As I have said before, there are a number of very important programs here that authorize grants to States to deal with the prevention, treatment, and recovery from opioids. But, again, these programs will not be effective without some significant funding provided pursuant to those authorizations. So I want to stress, again, as Democrats, we support this bill because it does have authorization for many programs that will help with opioid addiction, but we need to hold the Republicans’ feet to the fire to make sure that this funding is actually provided. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1115 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ), a fellow conferee and a member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the chairman for his leadership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, the statistics are staggering. We are losing 120 a people a day to opioid abuse. Earlier this year, southeastern Pennsylvania lost an accomplished young man, John Decker, who succumbed to his battle with addiction. As a teenager, John injured his knee playing basketball. His physician prescribed opioids to manage the pain after surgery. John became addicted to the painkillers and moved on to using heroin. I introduced the John Thomas Decker Act with the goal of preventing injured youth and adolescent athletes from getting addicted to opioids and turning to heroin. But I use John’s name because it is not about statistics; it is to demonstrate that we are talking about real people and struggling families here. The legislation, which is included in section 104 of the conference report, directs the United States Department of Health and Human Services to study what information and resources are available to youth athletes and their families regarding the dangers of opioid use and abuse, nonopioid treatment options, and how to seek addiction treatment. The Department must report its findings and work with stakeholders to disseminate resources to students, parents, and those involved in treating sports injuries, and that is how this can work together with things that are already happening in the community. I want to acknowledge what is going on in communities all across the country. Just last week, I visited Adapt Pharma, a constituent company, in Radnor, Pennsylvania. The company makes a Narcan nasal spray and is providing the antidote to high schools. Adapt Pharma and the National Association of School Nurses are working together to ensure that educational materials are available to students and their families about prescription drug abuse as well as treatment and recovery options that will work perfectly in tandem with this particular section. So, whether you are young athletes, pregnant mothers, struggling veterans, or suffering families, so many are going to be helped. I urge my colleagues to stand with the families who have suffered the effects of addiction and support the conference report. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), the dean of the House and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the crisis of opioid abuse and addiction clearly requires our immediate attention. I believe that that is now happening. I am grateful for the tireless work of my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE ; Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee chairman, JIMSENSENBRENNER ; Crime Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee ranking member, SHEILA JACKSON LEE; and their staffs. And I also congratulate Congresswoman SUZAN DELBENE, who worked so hard to ensure this bill would find promising approaches to opioid abuse that were pioneered in her district. Finally, I wish to thank the ranking member, FRANK PALLONE of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and his staff for their assistance and coordination in this effort. Our work has focused on the need to address an urgent crisis. In my State of Michigan, there were 1,745 drug overdoses in the year 2014, and more than half of those overdose deaths were caused by opioids and heroin. Each day, 78 Americans die from an opioid overdose. Fortunately, we now have a better way of addressing issues of addiction, and we know that incarceration is not the answer. For instance, the Judiciary Committee’s Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee held a hearing last year that examined, among other things, the promising use of the Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion approach employed in cities such as Seattle, Washington, and Santa Fe, New Mexico. We know that there are effective ways to get addicts to treatment and to quickly provide them with needed services that address their addiction and prevent recidivism, and we know that evidencebased treatment and alternatives to incarceration work. Title II of this bill reflects much of this approach in the grant program, as reported by the Judiciary Committee and passed by the House in May of this year. While I have supported this effort, I have also supported alternative approaches that provide separate grant programs for many of these worthy purposes. Regardless of which approach we take, we must do more than simply authorize funding. We must provide real dollars that are urgently needed by those fighting this crisis, and I am disappointed that this bill does not do this. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the great State of Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), a fellow conferee. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support the conference report that we are considering today. And as my colleague, Mr. CONYERS , just mentioned, 1,745 individuals died of a drug overdose in Michigan in 2014, and 449 of those individuals were in my home district in Oakland and Wayne Counties. So a disproportionate number of people were affected. As has been mentioned, this bill contains some good solutions toward fighting this epidemic: a comprehensive grant program, changes to existing law, and some new programs to help end the tragedies. Some have suggested, however, that our response is inadequate or too small of a step to fight this problem. I disagree. Let me say to those people who are listening, particularly those who have suffered from addiction or lost a loved one through the tragedy of an overdose, that Republicans and Democrats and the President recognize this epidemic. We are united in our commitment to defeat the abuse and tragedy. We in Congress will revisit our programs and solutions and the money we are spending to make sure that they are making a difference, and we will revisit the solutions and make sure that adequate resources are in place so we can end the terrible drug abuse and heroin overdoses that are affecting our communities. I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to serve on the conference committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to stress that President Obama recently announced additional actions to expand access to treatment, strengthen prescription drug monitoring, enable safe disposal of unneeded drugs, and accelerate research on pain and opioid misuse and overdose. The President, I think, has made it clear that addressing this epidemic is a priority for his administration. While Federal agencies have been using their authority to take every available action they can, Congress needs to provide additional funding to make lifesaving treatment available to everyone who needs it. The President has called for $1.1 billion in new funding to help Americans who want treatment wherever they live. Every day that passes without congressional action to provide these additional resources is a missed opportunity to get treatment to those who want it, help prevent overdoses, and support communities across the country impacted by this epidemic. Recovery from opioid and other substance use disorders is possible, and many Americans are able to recover because they get the treatment and care they need. But too many still are not able to get treatment. That is why the President has called on Congress to provide the resources needed to ensure that every American with an opioid use disorder who wants treatment can get it and start on the road to recovery. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), also a conferee and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. We all have experienced the opioid epidemic in some way, whether it is through family, friends, or heartbreaking stories from constituents back home. 
Opioid addiction is prevalent in our veteran community, and I am proud many of my provisions to help our heroes were included in this legislation. I want to thank the chairman for including those provisions in this particular conference report. My bills, the PROMISE Act and COVER Act, will update the clinical practice guidelines used to treat our servicemembers for pain management and provide a pathway forward to implement complementary and integrative health alternatives within the VA. With this bill, we can help our struggling heroes and others battling addiction across the Nation. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 14 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michigan has 14
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), my partner in terms of a contiguous border and also a conferee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. This vital bill will help address the prescription drug epidemic we have seen plague our communities for so long. Dozens of Americans die each day from prescription drug overdoses. This has to stop. It is time for us to come together as a nation to tackle the issue that has infected every fabric of our society. I am very honored to have served on this conference committee for the bill, and I am thankful it is being considered today by the House. As a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have seen the opioid epidemic’s effects on our Nation’s veterans. Veterans are more vulnerable to chronic pain, more susceptible to addiction, but some VA facilities still overprescribe these powerful drugs. I have seen the problem firsthand with veterans coming into my office, often carrying a large box or bag of pills. In my home State of Indiana, the DEA raided the VA Medical Center in Marion after noticing the volume of narcotics and opioids purchased by the facility. For too long, the VA has relied too heavily on opioids to treat chronic pain. This bill addresses that by requiring the VA and the DOD to focus on improving their prescribing practices. It includes my piece of legislation requiring the VA to report to State Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, which are important and effective tools for stopping overprescription. It also allows the VA to consider nonopioid treatments for veterans with chronic pain. Mr. Speaker, there is a long battle ahead of us—we have got a long way to go, and a lot of damage has been done— but this bill represents an important step forward as we seek to stop overprescription and opioid addiction in our country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, across the United States, we are faced with a substance abuse epidemic that results in overdose, addiction, and far too many deaths. From opioids to heroin, no community—not even Orange County, the place that I have called home for over 50 years—is immune. Last year, the number of deaths in Orange County caused by drug overdose rose to 400, the highest level in at least a decade. More than twothirds of these untimely deaths involved opioids. Nationwide, nearly 130 people die every single day from drug abuse. Though this is a nationwide epidemic, there is not a onesizefitsall cure to addiction. That is why this legislation is so important. I thank all of my colleagues who have worked so intently on these lifesaving policies. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure so that we can send it to the President’s desk. As soon as this law is implemented, it will save lives and help Americans suffering from addiction reclaim their lives. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to again point out that the effort here is not only bipartisan, but we are also working with the administration to try to address this epidemic. And one of the things that we were trying to do with the legislation, but it became unnecessary because of the President’s executive action, was with regard to bup. b1130 This is a painkiller, if you will, that is used as an alternative to the addictive painkillers that cause the opiate problem. And until recently, under the law, a physician could only have up to 100 patients to whom he was administering bup, but now, in the last week or so, the President announced that that cap has been lifted to 275. Now, in the legislation, we do expand the types of providers who can treat opioid dependence using bup, but, at the same time, it was necessary, I believe, to raise that cap because there is a waiting list—a rather extensive waiting list—for people who would like to take advantage of bup. So I just wanted to say that that is one of the most important things that actually was done by the President. And it is very important for us to work together not only in terms of what we authorize, but also providing the funding for many of these programs, both what we are now authorizing pursuant to grants in this legislation, as well as what the administration is doing through agency action. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I commend the chairman, the ranking member, the conferees, on this work that they have accomplished. The opioid and heroin epidemic has hit western Pennsylvania hard. Nothing brings this crisis into sharper focus than when you are speaking with a parent who has lost a child, or a family member watching a loved one go through revolving doors of treatment and still be slipping away. This conference report has been a bipartisan, allhandsondeck effort reflective of the collaboration we see happening at the grassroots of our communities. I am pleased to see the conference report include the provision my colleague from across the aisle, Congressman KEATING , and I championed in the House legislation to establish coprescribing guidelines for overdose antidotes such as naloxone. I am also pleased with how this legislation gives the proper focus to our veterans. This conference report is a necessary step in moving forward to address this crisis. Let us continue to work together to combat this deadly scourge. I urge its passage. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Again, Mr. Speaker, I will say that, after thoughtful consideration, I not only support the conference report, but I would urge my colleagues on the Democratic side to support the conference report. While I continue to believe that we cannot turn the tide on this epidemic without dedicated additional resources for States, the underlying policies included in this bill are important steps forward. As you know, Democratic conferees, along with the Democratic leadership, have worked tirelessly these past few weeks to try to include money for States to help treat our communities who are suffering. Republicans still, so far, refuse to commit the essential funding as part of this overall bill, but they have committed to increasing funding through the appropriations process, and I will continue to fight to ensure that they stand by that commitment. The American people are desperate for relief. We must answer their call and continue our efforts in Washington, and one way to do that, certainly, is to pass this conference report. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank my friend and partner, Mr. PALLONE . We moved a majority of these bills 
through the committee on a bipartisan basis. We had those votes here on the floor, a very strong vote as the process moved. Mr. Speaker, this bill is about treatment. It is about prevention. It is about recovery, helping law enforcement, particularly with our drug courts, and it adds new resources to help communities suffering from this terrible opioid epidemic. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act represents the most serious and comprehensive effort ever undertaken by this body to tackle the problem. CARA is a bipartisan blend of the best ideas from the House and the Senate. These bills passed with a combined 494 votes in the House and the Senate and, coupled with the great work led just this week by the House Appropriations Committee to add $581 million to help fund and prioritize these programs, it shows that we are tackling the problem headon. Now, this is an authorization bill, not an appropriation bill. That is why, coupled with the appropriators, I think that we will get the job done. As I have said, at the end of the day, the money will be there. So those on the front lines fighting the opioid epidemic deserve a strong vote in the people’s House. I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I just want to add my voice and thank Mr. UPTON , as the chair of the conference, and Mr. PALLONE , and all of the conferees, for what I thought was a significant historical moment. We have passed legislation, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, with no mandatory minimums. Our CARA bill speaks about grants, helping people overcome their addiction, but more importantly, helping communities. My community alone is suffering from something called Kush. That is not heroin, but all of these issues have to be confronted as a health epidemic. I thank the gentleman for accepting my amendment dealing with other drugs, about dealing with a public health epidemic, and I ask for support of the conference report. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the conference report for S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. The conference report is the product of a long process of consultation and hard work between Congress and experts and advocates representing a wide range of interests—including victims, addiction treatment specialists, and law enforcement. In many respects, this bill is a compromise—but it does reflect advances in our approach to substance addiction issues. As a Member of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic I have worked with my colleagues to come together with a comprehensive legislative package to address this national epidemic. I was an original cosponsor of the lead legislative measure and primary contribution of the House Judiciary Committee, H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, and I was a cosponsor of the predecessor bill, which is substantially similar to the Senatepassed version of S. 524. The text of H.R. 5046 is largely incorporated into the conference report, and would establish a grant program, to be administered by the Department of Justice, to assist states and local governments, particularly by helping criminal justice agencies to tackle the opioid problem from a variety of angles. It would encourage the development of alternatives to incarceration that provide treatment as a solution to the underlying motivation for criminal behavior or conduct associated with mental disorders. Combined with other treatment programs under the jurisdiction of other Committees, the approach Congress is taking with the crisis of heroin and other opioids is thoughtful and comprehensive. I hope it signals a departure from some of the failed approaches concerning other drug crises in the past. For instance, our response to the surge in crack cocaine in the 1980s was to enact draconian mandatory minimum penalties with vastly disparate treatment for crack and powder cocaine. At that time, Congress took action that we are still trying to rectify. At one point, more than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack offenses were African American, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack users are white or Hispanic. As we work on other legislation to address the enforcement and sentencing disparities related to the crack issue, we must reexamine our approach to that and other drug issues. I am grateful for the assistance of my colleague, BOBGOODLATTE , the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for working with me to include in this bill my amendment to express the sense of the Congress that an effective and fiscally responsible approach to addressing substance abuse epidemics—no matter which drug is involved—requires treating such epidemics as a public health emergencies emphasizing prevention, treatment, and recovery. Provided in Section 708 of the Report, the Sense of Congress Regarding Treatment of Substance Abuse Epidemics expresses that decades of experience and research have demonstrated that a fiscally responsible approach to addressing the opioid abuse epidemic and other substance abuse epidemics requires treating such epidemics as a public health emergency emphasizing prevention, treatment and recovery. Indeed, we must adopt a public health approach with regard to substance abuse issues going forward. And I am heartened that, in this bill, we are not raising sentences or impacting mandatory minimums that add to mass incarceration, but we are supporting proven antiaddiction mechanisms. However, the conference committee had the opportunity to do even more—as is necessary given the urgency of the current crisis—and provide real money, right now, to implement the programs the bill authorizes. Unfortunately, this bill does not do that and our communities remain in dire need of resources to save lives that are in immediate jeopardy. That is the unfinished business of this effort and we must not rest until we have done all that we can in Congress to help protect our communities from opioid abuse. In contrast to the way we are dealing with the opioid crisis is the illadvised strict ‘‘law enforcement’’ centered approach Congress took in addressing crack cocaine crisis in the 1980s that that we are still trying to rectify. At one point, more than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack offenses were African American, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack users are white or Hispanic. While we are now engaged in a comprehensive ‘‘public health’’ approach centered on public health in addressing the crisis involving heroin and other opioids, we must not forget that there is unfinished work to be done to address the enforcement and sentencing disparities related to the crack cocaine. We are not raising sentences or impacting mandatory minimums but we are funding anti addiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration. We are not adding to mass incarceration— with all of the related and devastating collateral consequences—but instead we are incentivizing state and local governments to prevent, treat, and heal. That is what we should be doing, and that is what we should have done for crack and cocaine addicts. But it is not too late—we should find a way, before this Congress adjourns sine die to apply this more comprehensive approach, including treatment alternatives, to those suffering from crack and cocaine addiction. LEGISLATION SUPPORTED BY JACKSON LEE  
1. Regarding bipartisan comprehensive legislation: H.R. 953—Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015 Rep. SENSENBRENNER , F. J AMES , JR. [R–WI– 5] (Introduced 2/12/15) 124 Cosponsors (84 Dems—including SJL, 40 Reps) *No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties H.R. 3719—‘‘Stop the Overdose Problem Already Becoming a Universal Substance Epidemic Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘STOP ABUSE Act of 2015’’ Rep. GUINTA , FRANK C. [R–NH–1] (Introduced 10/08/2015) 8 Cosponsors (4 Dems, 4 Reps) *No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties H.R. 4697—Prevent Drug Addiction Act of 2016 Rep. ESTY, ELIZABETH H. [D–CT–5] (Introduced 03/03/2016) 2 Cosponsors (Reps) *No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties 2. Legislation to improve pain management practices: H.R. 4499—the ‘‘Promoting Responsible Opioid Prescribing Act of 2016’’ and as the ‘‘PROP Act of 2016’’ Rep. MOONEY , ALEXANDER X. [R–WV–2] (Introduced 02/09/2016) 31 Cosponsors (18 Rep, 13 Dem) *No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s words. I was very pleased to work with her on the successful amendment that we added in the conference as part of this agreement, and I look for its swift passage today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the conference report of S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act (CARA). Families devastated by opioid addiction deserve action, and this legislation will take some important steps to reduce the toll on our communities. None of our districts is immune to this epidemic that is causing so much death and heartache. The conference report includes elements from both the bipartisan House and Senate versions of their respective opioid measures recently approved almost unanimously. It includes provisions that incorporate prevention tactics and expanded access to treatment, recovery support services, and overdose reversals. Additionally, the report encourages criminal justice agencies to integrate and sustain MedicationAssisted Treatment (MAT) programs. Although this report includes vital and much needed measures, we cannot pretend that it will solve the problem. I am disappointed that this legislation does not include adequate funding to fully help us get ahead of this crisis. During conference, my Democratic colleagues from both chambers offered amendments that would provide funding for the authorizations within the package. Unfortunately, they were turned down, so we must continue to fight for the resources necessary to meaningfully implement this package. I request my colleagues to support this report and to continue to work on a bipartisan basis to provide the resources needed to save lives. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 809, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the conference report. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the adoption of the conference report will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to permit closed conference meetings on S. 2943, if offered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 407, nays 5, not voting 21, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—5 
Bost Brat Brown (FL) Cartwright Cummings Delaney Fincher Green, Gene Hastings Hurt (VA) Kirkpatrick Nadler Nugent Payne Poe (TX) Rogers (AL) Takai Thompson (MS) Turner Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
b1157 Mses. VELA´ZQUEZ and MOORE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the conference report was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 399. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 399, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall vote No. 399 on agreeing to the Conference Report on S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE DALLAS SHOOTING (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my colleagues from Texas for joining me. The calculated ambush and murders of the Dallas law enforcement officers during a peaceful protest in downtown Dallas last night was a disgraceful act of violence. It happened in my district. I live less than five blocks away. My prayers and sympathy go out to the families of the officers slain and the victims of the shooting. Our response going forward—not just in Dallas, but across our Nation—will be more important now than ever before. My thoughts and prayers are also with the families of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, who violently lost their lives this week as well. 
We must deescalate violence. This recent violence serves as a stark reminder that relations between law enforcement and the communities they serve remains extremely tense, and we must do everything we can not to inflame this tension even further. We need to recognize the root cause of this tension and work to end the divisiveness between law enforcement and citizens. I do also want to commend the Dallas Police Department, Dallas Police Chief David Brown—a constituent and someone I work with very closely—and the Dallas Area Rapid Transit for their brave and swift response to the shooting. These officers are among some of the most capable and professional law enforcement officers in the country, and I commend them for their bravery during this incident. Mr. Speaker, I ask not just for a moment of silence but also for firm action. We need to bring meaningful legislation to the floor that will help bridge the divide between law enforcement and our communities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members will rise for a moment of silence. 
MOTION TO CLOSE CONFERENCE COMMITTEE MEETINGS ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I move that meetings of the conference between the House and Senate on S. 2943 may be closed to the public at such times as classified national security information may be broached, provided that any sitting Member of Congress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of the conference. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, the motion is not debatable, and the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 397, nays 14, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—14 
Amash Blumenauer DeFazio Gabbard Honda Johnson (GA) Jones Lee Lieu, Ted Massie McDermott McGovern Polis Welch 
Barton Bost Brown (FL) Cartwright Cummings Delaney Duncan (TN) Fincher Hastings Huelskamp Kirkpatrick Marchant Nadler Nugent Poe (TX) Rogers (AL) Takai Thompson (MS) Turner Vela Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1777) to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 4372. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2340. An act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the bill (S. 764) ‘‘An Act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes.’’, with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested. The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 114–187, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, and in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and with the Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Finance, appoints the following individuals as members of the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: The Senator from Florida (Mr. NELSON) (Energy and Natural Resources). 
The Senator from New Jersey (Mr. MENENDEZ ) (Finance). 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. b1215 Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. The House will also consider the fiscal year 2017 Interior appropriations bill, sponsored by Representative CALVERT . Additionally, the House will consider the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, sponsored by Representative RATCLIFFE , as well as three bills related to Iran, thanks to the work of Representatives POMPEO and R OYCE . The House will also consider the Conscience Protection Act, authored by Representative DIANE BLACK . Mr. Speaker, it is likely that several additional items will be added to the schedule for next week, and Members will be advised of the final schedule as soon as possible. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, normally, the colloquy between the majority leader and myself on the schedule might be lengthier than it will be today. This week has been a sobering week, a sad week. I want to congratulate Speaker RYAN on the comments that he made this morning. He said that ‘‘every Republican and every Democrat wants to see less gun violence.’’ He then went on to say: ‘‘Sometimes we disagree on how to get there. Sometimes we disagree passionately on how to get there.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘But in having this debate, let’s not lose sight of the values that unite us. Let’s not lose sight in our common humanity.’’ He then said: ‘‘We need to take a moment here for reflection, for thought, for prayer, for justice, for action.’’ Mr. Speaker, the majority leader and I have had a brief conversation on the floor. He said to me—and I agree—that we need to sit down together and try to see how we can bring this country and this House together on a way forward to, as the gentlewoman from Texas said, decrease the tensions that exist between citizens and law enforcement officers, to ensure the safety not only of those officers but of Alton Sterling, who lost his life, and of Philando Castile, who lost his life—an instance that appeared to be horrifying and unacceptable. I think all of us in this House and all Americans, Mr. Speaker, like the majority leader has suggested to me—and I have responded—should come together to deescalate the tensions in our society, the confrontations that we see too often, the rash rhetoric—the hateful rhetoric in some cases—that is being used. I thank the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, for what I believe to be his very sincere and heartfelt thoughts along those lines. So we will not engage in a colloquy today of differences but in a colloquy that will, with prayerful consideration, try to serve the people of this country and each and every individual in this country towards a safer, more assured life in America. I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his words and our conversation prior. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. Too many families are mourning losses this week. I believe all Americans are praying for the families—for the innocents who have been murdered in ambush. It is a time for this Nation to heal; it is a time for this Nation to unite; and it is a time for justice to be done. I think, for that to start, this House needs to be an example. I thank the gentleman for being accepting of and for being willing to work together as we have so many times before. As we know in this House, people come from many different parts of this Nation and have expertise. I have sat and had a conversation with DAVE REICHERT , who has tremendous expertise; and I have had conversations with JOHNLEWIS. There is an ability within this House to help this Nation unite and heal the wounds that are out there, and I thank the gentleman for being willing to be a part of that. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. My hope, Mr. Speaker, is that all of us will be willing to be a part of that solution, not of the problem. I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JULY 8, 2016, TO MONDAY, JULY 11, 2016 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 11, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ZELDIN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. f 
SWIFT AND SURE JUSTICE FOR THE THIN BLUE LINE (Mr. HENSARLING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a proud and sad citizen of Dallas, Texas. I am so proud of that thin blue line that keeps all of our citizens safe, including my wife, my son, my daughter. I am so sad for the fallen, their families, their sons, their daughters, their spouses. It is a time of mourning; it is a time of prayer; but it is also a time of justice—swift and sure justice—for anyone who engaged in this act of evil. Mr. Speaker, it is also a time for healing, and it is a time to remember Martin Luther King’s dream, which should be America’s dream, that, one day, our children will grow up to be judged by the content of their character and not by the color of their skin. I dream also that, one day, we may decide that it is not a controversial statement to say that all lives matter, because it is not a time for us, it is not a time for them. It is only a time for we, the people, to treasure all life and respect the dignity of all of God’s children. It is time to look into our hearts and ask the fundamental question: Today, will I promote a colorconscious society, or will I promote a colorblind society? Today, will I exploit the wound, or, today, will I attempt to heal the wound? May the God who gave us life and liberty heal the wounded of our Nation, heal the wounded of the city of Dallas, lift up the families of the fallen, and bless our land with greater peace and greater understanding. 
JUSTICE FOR ALL (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, all of us were deeply shocked and heartbroken to learn of the assassination of five police officers in Dallas last night. Nothing can ever justify the coldblooded murders of those who have sworn to protect and serve. Such an act does nothing to bring back those who were killed by police in previous days— killings that also shocked the conscience of our country. Violence only begets violence, not justice. The killings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile at the hands of law enforcement officers were horrifying and unacceptable. Their families deserve a full investigation and for justice to be served—just as those five fallen officers deserve justice. Justice for all—those officers who were shot in Dallas and their families deserve that. 
As we mourn, we remember that the way we bend the arc of the moral universe towards justice is by bending it together. In the days ahead, let us focus on what unites us and on our shared determination to see justice prevail. Black lives matter. Law enforcement officers’ lives matter. Justice matters. Life matters. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO EDEN PRAIRIE GIRLS’ LACROSSE TEAM (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, as I did 1 year ago, to congratulate the Eden Prairie girls lacrosse team on their high school State championship. The Eagles demonstrated incredible perseverance as they rallied from a fivegoal deficit, scoring six of the next seven goals to tie the championship game at halftime. That run, coupled with a very impressive second half defensive display, lifted the Eagles to an 11–9 victory. Cocoaches Judy Baxter and Beth Patterson have every reason to be proud of their team’s resilience throughout the season and the tournament. It was the Eagles’ strong leadership from their upperclassmen that actually made the team difficult to beat. Leading that offensive effort, senior forward Sara Woodring scored two goals and had five assists; and senior defender Payton Borg led the Eagles’ defense, allowing only two goals in the second half. Mr. Speaker, achieving a high school State championship title is an impressive accomplishment, but even more admirable is the Eagles’ ability to maintain a commitment throughout the season to their schoolwork and other obligations outside of the classroom. The team’s parents, teachers, and fellow Eagle students are very proud of their accomplishments. Once again, congratulations to the Eden Prairie girls lacrosse team for their winning championship. 
CHILCOT REPORT (Mr. MCDERMOTT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I was impressed this week with the release of the longawaited Chilcot report from the United Kingdom’s inquiry into the Iraq war. While the main conclusions of the report should be familiar to all of us— that the U.S. and Britain justified the invasion of Iraq with flawed and manipulated intelligence and that subsequent preparations for postinvasion Iraq were woefully inadequate and mismanaged—it is, nonetheless, an overdue public accountability of British leadership and a detailed and searing rebuke that no member of the Bush administration has ever undergone. During his news conference, Mr. Blair said: ‘‘I express more sorrow, regret, and apology than you can ever believe.’’ Mr. Speaker, what is the chance that we will ever hear those same remorseful and contemplative words from Mr. Bush? Mr. Cheney? Mr. Rumsfeld? It is virtually nonexistent. God forgive us and them for our indifference. Iraq never will. Mr. Speaker, I was impressed this week with the release of the longawaited Chilcot Report, the United Kingdom’s inquiry into the Iraq War. While the main conclusions of the report should be familiar to all of us by now—that the U.S. and Britain justified the invasion of Iraq on both flawed and manipulated intelligence and that subsequent preparations for postinvasion Iraq were woefully inadequate and mismanaged—it is nonetheless an overdue public accountability of British leadership, a detailed and searing rebuke that no member of the Bush administration has ever undergone. The invasion of Iraq in 2003 was the worst foreign policy decision ever made by an American president, a decision that cost the U.S. trillions of dollars and that led to the deaths of over a million people, including 4,500 American servicemembers and scores of Iraqis. Moreover, the ripple effect across the Middle East from that single event 13 years ago has been brutal and violent, spawning terrorist groups like ISIS and miring U.S. foreign policy in a region we continue to misunderstand. For me, and for a number of others in this chamber who boldly spoke against the war before it even began, this report has enormous resonance. And it was cathartic to watch former Prime Minister Tony Blair’s news conference, where he appeared if not exactly repentant, at least deeply affected by the report’s scathing criticism. President Bush and the other architects of the war have never deigned to present themselves before the public to explain, much less atone for, their actions and decisions. Meanwhile, House Republicans have been far more determined to waste this body’s time and resources investigating Benghazi, Hillary Clinton’s emails, or the IRS rather than the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last quarter century. Indifference, Mr. Speaker. That’s what the Iraq War has amounted to: a regrettable blip on an otherwise sterling American reputation abroad. That’s what President Bush, Vice President Cheney, Secretary Rumsfeld, and the rest of the political elite who enabled their actions would have you believe. But while they continue to enjoy their comfortable retirement, free of punishment or official censure, Iraq continues to burn. Perhaps you think a Chilcot Report of our own would be futile, now that the American people popularly regard the Iraq War as a profound mistake. But public censures have their uses, not the least being that they serve as a warning to those who would forget or ignore our past missteps. An American Chilcot Report would certainly check those voices now calling for increased military action in Iraq and Syria. Over the past 5 days, during the final week of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, over 320 people have been killed in Baghdad. This is just the latest of Iraq’s horrors, Mr. Speaker, horrors that we wrought with our senseless and criminal invasion 13 years ago. During his news conference, Mr. Blair said ‘‘I express more sorrow, regret and apology than you can ever believe.’’ Mr. Speaker, the chances of ever hearing the same remorseful and contemplative words from Bush, Cheney, or Rumsfeld are virtually nonexistent. God forgive them and us for such indifference, for Iraq never will. f 
DEFENDING FREEDOMS PROJECT: RAIF BADAWI (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, June 17 marks the fourth anniversary of the arrest of Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi. He is a prisoner of conscience who has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for his writings. These days, Raif is not doing well. Recently, he resorted to a hunger strike to protest his lack of access to medical care, which, thankfully, he is receiving now, but his family remains extremely concerned for his health. During the holy month of Ramadan, King Salman pardoned many prisoners. His Majesty should also pardon Raif and Raif’s former lawyer, Waleed Abulkhair, a human rights advocate who is serving a 15year sentence for crimes such as a lack of respect for authorities and creating an NGO without permission. It is ridiculous. I understand that Saudi Arabia is an ally, Mr. Speaker, but the United States must not be silent while these men sit in prison. Saudi Arabia will not achieve security or stability by repressing peaceful dissent. 
b1230 HONOR, RESPECT, AND DIGNITY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a resident of Texas, representing parts of Houston, Texas, which includes the headquarters of the Houston Police Department, the Nation’s heart is heavy and saddened. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Dallas and to the families who have lost their fallen heroes. We respect all of those who are on the front line of allowing the American people to protest. We understand the young people, who are many colors and backgrounds, who felt compelled to protest the loss of life of two individuals. The law enforcement officers respected that, too. They understood the pain of Mr. Castile and Mr. Sterling’s deaths. 
Always in America, we have been able to come as protesters under the Constitution, but we recognize that law and order is the standard of this Nation. As I pray for these families, I ask the Congresspersons to rise to the level of leaders and leadership to seek out unity. As I just spoke to the head of my police department, I extended my hand to be able to work together with community and police to bring us together because that is why we are a great Nation. In Houston on Sunday, we will march and mourn for those fallen, but we will be praying for nonviolence in this Nation. What I will say, Mr. Speaker, is that the words that are ugly of those who want to divide us, I will not hear them and I will not listen to them. I will only embrace and bring us together. I will tell the young people whose faces I saw last evening in Washington, who were an array of mosaic colors, backgrounds, and religions, that we love you and we thank you for this protest of nonviolence. We will stand against violent gun behavior, thugs, and terrorists. Americans want unity, respect, and human dignity for all. 
BUILD UNITY (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, that which has occurred in Dallas, Texas, gives a sad meaning to the term ‘‘in the line of duty.’’ In the line of duty, there are husbands who will not return home. In the line of duty, peace officers will not return home. Although I don’t know the gender of all of them, I want to make sure I cover them all; so let me say that, in the line of duty, there are peace officers who will not return home. Those husbands and wives and children had every reason to believe that their loved ones would return home. They are in pain, and I want them to know that we suffer together. All of us in this country suffer whenever any one of us is taken by violence. Innocent people in this country are suffering. People of good will are suffering. Families are suffering. My prayer is that, out of this adversity, we can build a unity that will afford us the opportunity to develop the harmony necessary for the people of the greatest Nation in the world to live together. We have to span these chasms that divide us, and forgiveness is in order, but we must also make sure that justice is done. All who are associated with the dastardly deeds that occurred with reference to Dallas must be arrested, convicted, and must be prosecuted to the fullest extent that the law allows. There can be no exceptions. The time has come now for those who are suffering to receive our prayers and our sympathies, and I regret that ‘‘in the line of duty’’ has taken on a different meaning for them. f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the following conferees on S. 2943: From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. THORNBERRY , FORBES , MILLER of Florida, W ILSON of South Carolina, LOBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, TURNER , KLINE, ROGERS of Alabama, FRANKS of Arizona, S HUSTER , CONAWAY , LAMBORN , W ITTMAN , G IBSON , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Messrs. L ANGEVIN , LARSEN of Washington, C OOPER , Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. TSONGAS , Messrs. G ARAMENDI , JOHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. PETERS . From the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Messrs. NUNES , POMPEO , and SCHIFF . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 571–74 and 578 of the Senate bill, and sections 571, 573, 1098E, and 3512 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. WALBERG , G UTHRIE , and SCOTT of Virginia. From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of sections 3112 and 3123 of the Senate bill, and sections 346, 601, 749, 1045, 1090, 1095, 1673, 3119A, and 3119C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. LATTA , JOHNSON of Ohio, and P ALLONE . From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of sections 828, 1006, 1007, 1050, 1056, 1089, 1204, 1211, 1221–23, 1231, 1232, 1242, 1243, 1247, 1252, 1253, 1255–58, 1260, 1263, 1264, 1271–73, 1276, 1283, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, and 1662 of the Senate bill, and sections 926, 1011, 1013, 1083, 1084, 1098K, 1099B, 1099C, 1201, 1203, 1214, 1221–23, 1227, 1229, 1233, 1235, 1236, 1245, 1246, 1250, 1259A–59E, 1259J, 1259L, 1259P, 1259Q, 1259U, 1261, 1262, 1301–03, 1510, 1531–33, 1645, 1653, and 2804 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. ROYCE , ZELDIN , and E NGEL . From the Committee on Homeland Security, for consideration of sections 564 and 1091 of the Senate bill, and sections 1097, 1869, 1869A, and 3510 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. MCCAUL, DONOVAN , and T HOMPSON of Mississippi. From the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of sections 829J, 829K, 944, 963, 1006, 1023–25, 1053, 1093, 1283, 3303, and 3304 of the Senate bill, and sections 598, 1090, 1098H, 1216, 1261, and 3608 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. GOODLATTE , ISSA, and CONYERS . From the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of sections 601, 2825, subtitle D of title XXVIII, and section 2852 of the Senate bill, and sections 312, 601, 1090, 1098H, 2837, 2839, 2839A, subtitle E of title XXVIII, sections 2852, 2854, 2855, 2864–66, title XXX, sections 3508, 7005, and title LXXIII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. COOK, HARDY , and G RIJALVA . From the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of sections 339, 703, 819, 821, 829H, 829I, 861, 944, 1048, 1054, 1097, 1103–07, 1109–13, 1121, 1124, 1131–33, 1135, and 1136 of the Senate bill, and sections 574, 603, 807, 821, 1048, 1088, 1095, 1098L, 1101, 1102, 1104–06, 1108–11, 1113, 1259C, and 1631 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. CHAFFETZ , RUSSELL , and C UMMINGS . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consideration of section 874 of the Senate bill and sections 1605, 1673, and title XXXIII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. SMITH of Texas, W EBER of Texas, and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas. From the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of sections 818, 838, 874, and 898 of the Senate bill, and title XVIII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. CHABOT , KNIGHT , and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of sections 541, 562, 601, 961, 3302– 07, 3501, and 3502 of the Senate bill, and sections 343, 601, 731, 835, 1043, 1671, 3119C, 3501, 3504, 3509, 3512, and title XXXVI of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. HUNTER , ROUZER , and SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of sections 706, 755, and 1431 of the Senate bill, and sections 741, 1421, and 1864 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. ROEof Tennessee, BOST, and T AKANO . From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of section 1271 of the Senate bill, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. BRADY of Texas, R EICHERT , and L EVIN. There was no objection. 
DEFENDING RELIGIOUS LIBERTIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the First 
Amendment Defense Act and the importance of defending religious liberties in America. And I don’t know that there has ever been a greater time for us to address this than right now. We have, unfortunately, become accustomed in this country of the news similar to what we woke up to this morning where we see one tragedy after another. Certainly racial tensions are extremely high in this country. Anger is high. We face a number of other issues across this country, like greed and self centeredness, a disregard for authority and personal property and the rule of law. We see corruption in so many different places, including our government at all levels, be it on the local level, the State, or here on the national level as well. b1245 Things like immorality and abuse. And, yes, we hear a lot these days, especially days like today, a lot of people talking about gun violence. But, Mr. Speaker, I am convinced at the core of my being that we cannot address these type of issues by turning our backs on God and by kicking God out of the public square. And, yet, we are seeing an increase of hostility in this country toward people of faith and the right that people have under the First Amendment to express those beliefs in the public square without fear of intimidation, without fear of being punished by our government. Mr. Speaker, all of this concerns me greatly, and I know it concerns many people not only in the people’s House, but all across our Nation. I think many people don’t realize that, even according to the Scriptures, the institutions of family, as well as church and government, have been instituted by God. These are not creations of man. And I think many of us, Mr. Speaker, forget the reality of this. In fact, the reason that government was created by God in the first place is because He knew that we, as human beings, need boundaries within which to live, and those boundaries actually comprise a civil society. And so we have government given to us as a great gift to enable us to have a tangible understanding of right and wrong and the boundaries within which to live, and if we get outside those boundaries, government is there for correction and to keep us within certain boundaries of behavior. That is what comprises a civil society. But, of course, the problem of all of this, Mr. Speaker, is that we realize that government itself is comprised of human beings, and if human beings within government themselves are corrupt, then everyone suffers; and so it becomes extremely important for us to understand the purpose of government and why it exists and why it has such an influence on all of our lives. On the other side, I guess, of the coin—perhaps not totally the other side, but certainly within the context of this discussion—is, in fact, people of faith. Mr. Speaker, I have been involved in this battle personally for very closely, nearly 15 years, but I find these days people of faith are very much intimidated, scared to get involved. And there are all sorts of reasons for this. I hear all kinds of excuses, but some of the bigger excuses that I hear frequently is people say we have that separation of church and State. Of course, we know, Mr. Speaker, that that is not in the Constitution, and, yet, we have heard it over and over and over and over to the extent that many people today actually believe that there is a separation that prohibits people of faith from being involved, be it in government or in multiple other avenues and areas of our society. And so that kind of erroneous thinking has an impact on something like the First Amendment and the right of the people to have belief and belief of conscience, and the right to exercise those beliefs publicly; but I also see, indeed, because of the growing hostility that is becoming more and more evident, that people are fearful of our government. People are fearful to stand up. There are multiple examples, multiple examples. I had a radio program for 12 years and I dealt with this type of thing on a regular basis, but the examples go everywhere from a baker to photographers, some of whom have actually lost their businesses because they chose to stand on their First Amendment right to exercise their businesses according to the dictates of their faith, and they have ended up losing their businesses. We have examples of valedictorians scared to offer a prayer or to express their beliefs in their valedictorian speech. We have workplace intimidation. We could go on and on and on, Mr. Speaker, a long time, talking about this, but the concern is highlighted by judicial leanings that we are seeing these days. I think it is more important now than ever that we understand that the First Amendment is the first amendment. It is our first liberty. It is the foundation upon which so much else rests. If the First Amendment is altered or chipped away at continually, then I am fearful that our entire Nation will suffer massive consequences and change as a result. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a few moments to not only support the First Amendment Defense Act and the importance of defending religious liberties, but I think within that understanding, that context, now more than ever with the issues that we are watching, I want to kind of draw a word picture of why this is so important and why our Founders, why our Nation was actually established on these principles that we seem today so willingly to walk away from. But we have, I believe, a moral obligation to defend our First Amendment and to defend the rights of people to believe what they believe and to exercise those beliefs publicly without fear of intimidation, let alone punishment. I go all the way back to begin with, Mr. Speaker, our very first President, George Washington. Many of us probably had to memorize portions of his Farewell Address, but, you know, I have tried to place myself in that context many times, and the reality is that many within our country, when Washington was stepping down, were fearful. We had never had another President in our country at that time, and George Washington had done a superb job. People were anxious of the thought of him leaving, and it had never happened. We had never passed the baton from one President to another at that time. Washington, in his Farewell Address, Mr. Speaker, made this statement: ‘‘Of all the dispositions and habits that lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable supports.’’ Indispensable. Those are strong words: indispensable supports, religion and morality. He went on, Mr. Speaker, and he said this—and I think a lot of people overlook this comment, but he said: ‘‘In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism, who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness.’’ In other words, Mr. Speaker, I believe it is totally fair to say that George Washington, in his Farewell Address, literally stated that you could not claim to be a patriot if you didn’t understand the role of religion and morality in American culture and those indispensable pillars upon which our Nation rests. Amazing words that, unfortunately, we tend to overlook. Well, George Washington did pass the baton, and for the first time in our Nation’s history we had another leader. His name was John Adams. Many of us know a lot about John Adams and some of the things that he did and said, but probably one of the most famous quotes from Adams was this one, Mr. Speaker—and if this paper here represents the Constitution, it was Adams who said: ‘‘Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ I think those are enormously significant words. I mean, we all know that our Constitution basically is a contract. It is a contract between our government and we, the people; and that contract says that our government is not going to be overly intrusive into our lives, that we will have limited government and maximum freedom. That is the contract. John Adams said that that contract, that Constitution, was written for a moral and religious people, that it is totally inadequate for the government of any other. So, Mr. Speaker, I recall—it has been several years ago now—I was actually in a meeting with Governor Huckabee, 
and he made a statement that for years now has just bubbled inside me, and it actually has become a changing moment in my life to understand what our Founders meant when they gave us the importance of religion and morality. But let’s suppose we have two towns, a town A and a town B. Let’s just suppose, Mr. Speaker, that town A is what we may refer to as a secular town. It is a town that, for the most part, has ignored the role of religion and morality. They, more or less, have kicked God out of the public square. What kind of behavior would we expect, Mr. Speaker, from town A here? Well, if we ponder that and if we look historically at this type of scenario, we will find that this type of society, for the most part, has greater incidence of things like violence, robbery, crime, gang violence, broken families, and all these types of things seem to go on the rise. Now, here is the important question, Mr. Speaker, that I think we have got to address when we are looking at something like this: What is the role of government toward town A? Well, if you think about it, of necessity, government must be very much involved in town A because there are so many problems here. We need more law enforcement because we have got so much more crime. We need more judges because we have got all these different things that are happening here, and there are conflicts between one another. Of necessity, government must be very much involved in town A. Now, let’s go over here to town B. Let’s just suppose town B is a town that, for the most part, has embraced a JudeoChristian worldview, much like our Founders gave us. Many people here representing this House of Representatives probably grew up in a town B. I like to refer to this as a Mayberry type of a town. Not that everyone in town B is a person of faith or a religious person, but there is a certain worldview that is embraced in this town that embraces, that is accepted within this culture, this community, things like the Golden Rule, where we are going to treat one another the way we ourselves want to be treated. Now, let’s just say, for example, that this town B accepts certain values along those things. Now, what kind of behavior do we expect out of town B? Well, not everyone over here is perfect by any means, but overall, many of us can go back and we can look 20, 30, 40, 50 years ago, the difference of life then compared to life now, when we did have more of a town Btype understanding in our country, and there was less crime. Families did stay together more. We didn’t suffer with the same extent of issues like gang violence, drug and alcohol abuse, and these type of things. So, Mr. Speaker, now the question is: What is the response of government to town B? Well, it is not nearly as great. The reason being, Mr. Speaker, the primary difference between these is what I believe our Founders gave us. In town B you have a group of people who are capable of selfgoverning their own lives with an authentic understanding of right and wrong because there is deeply held religious, moral convictions that dictate the conduct of these individuals. I believe it is totally fair to say that I believe our Founders gave us the indispensable pillars of religion and morality because they understood that it is only within this context that we can have limited government. The role of government in this town is much less because you have selfgoverning people, and it is only within a context of selfgovernance that we are able to have limited government. Thereby, the understanding of the statement by John Adams that says our Constitution, that contract of limited government—John Adams said our Constitution was written for a moral and religious people; it is totally inadequate for a government of any other. Mr. Speaker, it is my conviction, and I believe consistent with our Founders, to say that it is impossible to have limited government in a secular society. I don’t know that that is even a possibility. b1300 So we, as Members of this House and this governing body, be it Federal or on the State level or even local level, have a moral obligation to defend our First Amendment, because therein grows the roots of religion and morality that are absolutely essential to our system and form of government. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for us also to be reminded that we have a tremendous religious heritage in this country that has carried us faithfully since our founding that we must not depart from. I remember coming across a statement a few years ago. In fact, this was in 1950. I would be curious to know, Mr. Speaker, how many of my colleagues were alive in 1950, but I would venture to say it is quite a number. I came across a court ruling by the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. It was a decision that they made in 1950. In that decision, Mr. Speaker, the Florida Supreme Court actually made this statement. By the way, they were referring to our Founders. But that court in Florida said: 
A people unschooled about the sovereignty of God, the ethics of Jesus, and the Ten Commandments, could never have evolved the Bill of Rights, the Declaration of Independence, or the Constitution. 
There is not one, solitary, fundamental principle of our democratic policy that did not stem directly from the basic moral concepts embodied in the Ten Commandments. 
Mr. Speaker, I read that. In our lifetime, and that of many Representatives, a State supreme court was making a comment like that. I compare it to this. I cannot imagine any court in America making a decision with those kinds of words. They would be ruled unconstitutional quicker than we could imagine. Yet, in our lifetime, we had State supreme courts making decisions such as this. My, we have come a long, long way from understanding the role that religion and morality play in supporting our entire system of governance. Mr. Speaker, as I begin to land the plane here and wind down, I am just reminded, of course, that many know that I have been a pastor for many years. So this whole issue is very, very close to me personally. People of faith understand that they have a responsibility, according to the Scripture, to be salt and light in the world in which they live. Regardless of what country—anywhere in the world— we have a Biblical mandate to be salt and light in our world, and I take that very seriously. So, when we see our First Amendment rights being challenged or chipped away, it is an alarming thing, because we have a responsibility, in accordance with our faith, to take a stand for those things which we believe, and to do so out loud. Just from that perspective, Mr. Speaker, it is alarming. But the beautiful thing is, here in America, we are blessed to live in a nation where our system of government does not work without involvement from the people. Our whole system is reliant on the people of this great country to step up to the plate and engage it. That is the concept behind those powerful words, ‘‘we, the people.’’ This is our country. It is our turf. It is we, the people. So, we have a system of government that does not work unless we, the people, get involved in one capacity or another, whether it is voting or whether it is running for office or a million other things to be done in between. That is the way our system works. Mr. Speaker, I want to just emphasize the importance that we have to maintain those principles that allow all of us, regardless of religious beliefs, regardless of those who have no religious beliefs, but also remembering those who do have religious beliefs, that this is a country where the First Amendment protects all of us. This is a country where the First Amendment Defense Act applies to all of us. Mr. Speaker, I want to close with a quote. Right out these doors is Statuary Hall. Sometime back late one evening, I had some spare moments, and I came back over here to the Capitol and was walking alone. I was virtually all by myself here in these great Halls. I went into Statuary Hall, and I started reading and going to one statue after another. I went around reading about those individuals, and I came to one, James Garfield. Mr. Speaker, many people don’t know much about Garfield these days, but he is the only minister to ever be elected President of the United States of America. I stood before that statue and I looked at him and, Mr. Speaker, I was 
reminded of a statement. I actually have come to be a great admirer of Garfield. It seems to me that everything I have read from him has been powerful. He seemed to have a keen awareness and understanding of the role of what I am talking about today: the role of religion and morality in American society and culture and our entire system of government. Garfield made this statement, Mr. Speaker, and I believe it is more applicable today than it has been in any day in which we have lived. Here is what he said: ‘‘Now more than ever before, the people are responsible for the character of their Congress. If that body be ignorant, reckless and corrupt, it is because the people tolerate ignorance, recklessness and corruption. If it be intelligent, brave and pure, it is because the people demand these qualities to represent them in the national legislature.’’ Then, he said this, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘If the next centennial does not find us a great nation . . . it will be because those who represent the enterprise, the culture, and the morality of the nation do not aid in controlling the political forces.’’ What a powerful statement. Mr. Speaker, being reminded of that statement, I would ask us today: How can we, the people be involved, be it in the enterprise, the culture, or the morality of the Nation? How can we, as Garfield said, be involved in controlling the political forces if we do not have the First Amendment protections to do so? How can we be engaged if we continue to chip away at the right of people to believe what they believe and to exercise those beliefs within the public square without fear of intimidation or punishment? Mr. Speaker, I believe now more than ever is the time for us not to chip away at our First Amendment rights, but to defend them and protect them and ensure that those rights are maintained for all Americans now and for the next generation and for as long as this Nation exist. Mr. Speaker, as the First Amendment Defense Act comes before this body in the weeks to come, I hope and pray that we will stand behind it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
TRAGEDY IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, might I ask how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 32 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate very much my friend, Mr. HICE, who preceded me. It is a very sad day around the country. So much in the way of sympathy and prayers for the victims’ families in Dallas are greatly appreciated. As someone who grew up looking forward to visits to the big city of Dallas, it is deeply troubling to see what has happened there. The Dallas police chief said that the suspect said he wanted to kill White people, especially White police officers. I was listening in the cloakroom to a press conference going on now with some of our African American Members of Congress defending Black Lives Matter and discussing the unfairness in America for African Americans in this country. I don’t know the races of the officers that were shot. Apparently, the suspect said he wanted to shoot and kill White officers, but I know there are a lot of officers in Dallas of a lot of different races. I had the opportunity, if you want to call it an opportunity, of trying a murder case for 10 weeks in Dallas. I worked with some incredible Dallas police officers. Because of my background, I continue to have great respect for law enforcement officers. There was something that we had seen since the protest days of the sixties and seventies: calling police officers pigs and calling them all kinds of names. People—terrorists from those days that have now grown up and even teaching college—wanted to kill pigs, wanted to kill police officers back then. Back then it wasn’t a race issue; it was just killing what they called pigs. Having served 4 years in the Army after Vietnam, we weren’t ever in combat in my 4 years, but we knew what it was to be spit at, to be ridiculed, and at times to be told not to wear your uniform off post because people hate you so much. So I have some empathy for what officers have gone through. The evil and the hatred that brought about 9/11, killing thousands of precious lives, taking so many innocent lives here, had a result that I didn’t expect: it brought America together. September 12, there on our town square in Tyler, Texas, people of all walks, age, race, gender—it didn’t matter—came together. We sang together, we prayed together, and even all held hands together. b1315 As I have said before, the thing I loved about that day was there was no—there were no hyphenated Americans on September 12 of 2001. We were Americans, without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, gender, age. None of that mattered. We were Americans. We had been attacked, and we were wanting to stand together. In all our sympathy for those who died on 9/11, the day after, it felt good to be together. For about 3 months our churches were filled and people were asking God to bless America again, and it felt good to be together as Americans. Nobody from organizations like Freedom from Religion dared show their face that day because people across America were begging God for His protection, for His blessings, as He has through most of our Nation’s history. There is an article that has already come out today from the Federalist publication. It says: ‘‘Five Takeaways From the Dallas Police Chief’s Press Conference. Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings and Dallas Police Chief David Brown held a press conference Friday morning in the wake of the sniper shooting during a Black Lives Matter protest in downtown Dallas that killed at least five officers and injured seven more and two civilians.’’ The five takeaways, they say, are, number 1: ‘‘Police Killed a Suspect With a Robot Carrying a Bomb.’’ Number 2: ‘‘Gunman Said he Wanted to ‘Kill White People, White Officers.’’’ Number 3: ‘‘Brown and Rawlings Were Unclear About Number of Suspect/s and their Descriptions.’’ Number 4: ‘‘Brown said Police Don’t Feel Support Most Days, but Need It Now.’’ Number 5: ‘‘Brown and Rawlings Asked for Prayer.’’ I appreciate my fellow Members of Congress feeling the need to have a press conference today and, again, to support the movement of Black Lives Matter and the injustices that have happened at the hands of police officers. As I have said many times during my adult life, including especially during my days as a District Judge handling felony cases where humans are involved, there will be mistakes and wrongdoing. And no matter what profession, there will be people who do wrong. But I have always taken solace in the fact—what I believe is the fact—that amongst law enforcement, those who would do wrong or who may be prejudiced in their motivation, the numbers are so much fewer percentagewise than in the general population. That is why over the last 71⁄2years it has grieved me greatly to see our President rebuff the opportunity to bring us together as a nation anytime an incident involved a police officer, his kneejerk reactions repeatedly, whether it was saying that the police acted stupidly or jumping onto the bandwagon against police, when it turned out the police were in the right. There have been instances where they were not, and there are some on video where it clearly appears they did terribly wrong and reacted terribly wrong. And when that happens, perpetrators, wrongdoers are to be punished without regard to race, creed, color, gender, national origin. That doesn’t matter. It seems, as long as we have groups like Black Lives Matter, who will just become unnerved and inflamed when a Democratic candidate for President says all lives matter and chastise him for saying all lives matter, to the point that he has to withdraw his belief that all lives matter and go back to saying, 
you’re right, you’re right, it’s just Black lives matter. That is nowhere near approaching the dream that Martin Luther King, Jr., had just about 2
1⁄2miles down the Mall here in front of the Lincoln Memorial. So we had people, after 9/11, return to loving and appreciating and an outpouring of support for first responders, law enforcement, because they saw that, when push came to shove, the huge majority of law officers put their own life at risk for the benefit of others without regard to race, creed, color, or national origin, gender, age. They don’t care. Their job is to serve and protect, and they do an amazing job. I just keep going back to the statement of the police chief, that police don’t feel support most days, but they need it now. But when elected officials contribute to stoking the flame of hatred and animosity toward our law enforcement, then people that don’t have the reasoning ability that most of our elected officials have get stoked. They get inflamed. And we don’t need anybody coming out and blaming guns before that person even knows what kind of guns were used. I know we have friends that keep saying, if you are on the nofly list, which means if you are on the list that has a great deal of arbitrariness to it, to the point that this administration will not even tell Congress how they decide who goes on the nofly list, and even though they won’t tell us how to get off the nofly list if you are arbitrarily and mistakenly put on it, as Ted Kennedy and so many others have been, that is a formula for disaster for totalitarianism. We don’t need an arbitrary list that is concocted in secret with the secret way of getting off that we are not aware of. That is not the way you go about trying to take away people’s civil rights to keep and bear arms. After seeing the disaster in Dallas, there are a number of things I knew. One is that the people in Texas—most of them, except for the agitators, so many that have come in from outside, but most of them—will respond and show their love and support for our law officers because we love law abiding in Texas. I hope and pray, Mr. Speaker, that we can stop the divisiveness. There is nothing wrong with arguing. There is nothing wrong with debate. That is how we got our Constitution—a lot of yelling and fussing, bickering, came together. There is nothing wrong with disagreeing. Until one person in this Congress or in the White House has 100 percent lock on God’s truth all the time, then we need to argue, we need to debate. I would submit we need to be prayerful in how we approach what we should do, but it is good to debate. I grew up in a family of four kids. We argued, fussed, bickered, but we came together as a family, and still do. In times of hurting, we still come together, and that is what we need to do as a nation. I look forward to the day when there is no group that includes a race color, a skin color, in its name. I look forward to that day when it just doesn’t matter. And it seems clear to me that as long as we keep calling out distinctions between ourselves with matters of race, creed, color, national origin, gender, age, that there will continue to be bias and prejudice further engendered. I have seen video, including those recently, where I was horrified to see what happened. I didn’t care what color the officer was. I didn’t care what color the victim’s skin color was. I was horrified that a victim would be treated as victims have been recently. I look forward to the day when the percentage of people committing crimes, according to race, have no need of being kept because it doesn’t matter. We care about how you act, not how you look. But as long as those numbers keep being kept, they need to all be looked at. We need to get to the bottom of not just why so many African Americans are being killed in America—as we see from the numbers the FBI puts out, the huge majority are from other—the lives are taken by other African Americans. And I look forward to my friends getting upset about that someday, about the numbers of deaths in cities controlled by African Americans that have made it hard to possess guns unless you are a criminal. I have people that want to constantly point to our justice system and say: See how unfair it is? Well, in my court—I was asked just last week: Did you have any capital murder cases? Have you ever had cases where you had to look someone in the eye and pronounce the death sentence? I had two. I tried three capital cases. They take a long time to try because— particularly with the jury selection. Someone—the same person said skeptically: And let me guess; both of those were Black. I look forward to the day when people don’t skeptically assume that everything is about race. As it just so happens, the two of the three capital murder cases where I had to sentence someone to death, they were White defendants. The one case where the defendant did not get the death penalty, though he was convicted of murder, happened to be African American. I had an issue raised by a defense attorney on a death penalty case out of another court, but in our county, and they were wanting—and I was subpoenaed as a witness to testify about the disproportionate number of African Americans who had not been allowed to be grand jury foremen. b1330 When they actually got the list of my grand jury—the judge doesn’t pick the grand juries. Those are selected by grand jury commissioners of different races, creeds, colors, and national origin. As long as they are American citizens, they picked the grand juries, and then the only thing the judge picks in Texas is the foreman. After they got the list of grand juries that I have presided over and they saw that there was disproportionately more African Americans who had been foremen of the grand juries, they told me they didn’t want me as a witness because clearly I was not going to help their case. But when I selected a foreman of a grand jury, I didn’t care what their color was. I knew we needed good, sound leadership. Every person I ever selected as a foreman of a grand jury I knew was a caring, intelligent, and upstanding leader in our community. I didn’t care what their color was. Jesus said: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ He certainly would know; He did exactly that. I love that being the first thing on the plaque for Father Damien, one of the two statues that we have in the Capitol from Hawaii. Abraham Lincoln on September 5, 1864, said: ‘‘In regard to this Great Book’’—and he capitalized ‘‘Great’’ and ‘‘Book,’’ talking about the Bible—‘‘I have but to say, I believe the Bible is the best gift God has given to man. All the good Saviour’’—and I know that term offends so many, but this was Abraham Lincoln’s own words. ‘‘All the good Savior gave to the world was communicated through this Book,’’ the Bible. ‘‘But for this Book we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man’s welfare, here and hereafter, are to be found portrayed in it.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want to finish with a verse and a personal incident. Since Abraham Lincoln and most all of our Presidents have highly commended the use of the Bible as getting this Nation on track when we become dislodged, disoriented, and divisive, we go to Matthew 22:35: And one of them who was a lawyer—being a lawyer, you figure, leave it to lawyers to try to stir up trouble. One of them who was a lawyer tested Him by asking Him: ‘‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the law?’’ Jesus said to him: ‘‘You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’’ This is the first and greatest commandment. And a second is like it: ‘‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’’ On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. Some people wonder about it. What does He mean, on those two commands, love God, love each other, hang all the law and the prophets? What does He mean, all the law and the prophets hang on those two commands? If you were to outline the Ten Commandments that God gave us and that most of our leaders in history have believed came from God, himself—and that is why Moses up here, directly above me, facing me, is the only full 
face of the greatest lawgivers in the history of the world. It is because, at one time, all of the Supreme Court thought those Ten Commandments were great commandments. Now, probably at least four would say that maybe five or six were okay. But for most of our history, they have felt those ten were great commandments. If you do an outline or you categorize all of those Ten Commandments, they all fit neatly under two categories: one, love God; and number two, love each other. That came home very clearly to me years ago when my mother had a brain tumor. We knew it would eventually take her. The doctors had made that clear. They made clear that there was nothing more that could be done. Mother had said that she wasn’t interested in seeing more doctors because they had said the same thing. Since she was my lifelong English teacher—but especially my eighth grade English teacher—and she loved poetry, I threw one of her poems back at her from Dylan Thomas: ‘‘Rage, rage against the dying of the light . . . Do not go gentle into that good night.’’ Mother wrote back. She was thrilled that I paid attention. But she quoted from another poem called ‘‘Thanatopsis’’ that talked about living with such faith that, at the end of life, you can lie down on the couch wrapped in covers around you. Well, the doctors said: We don’t think she has got all that much longer to live. They weren’t quite accurate; but she had been reduced, this incredibly brilliant woman, to a wheelchair. It took her a long time to say things. This incredibly brilliant woman put herself through Baylor, 2
1⁄2years. Her parents lived right there by the campus, so she could work fulltime and go to school. I didn’t know until after she passed she was a member of a big honor society there. But anyway, she loved our kids, and she loved our spouses. One weekend we decided, let’s just have the four immediate children go back to Mount Pleasant and spend the weekend with Mom, and we did. That Saturday morning, we sat around the breakfast table for hours like we did years before. We told stories, we laughed, and we made goodnatured fun of each other. We would disagree, and then we would come back around and kid and love each other. We went on for 3 or 4 hours. Mother didn’t say anything. But finally Mother said, ‘‘This,’’ and we all got quiet. We would stay there all night if it took it to hear what Mother had to say. And she got out, ‘‘is my favorite thing.’’ That is all she had to say. When I left later that weekend to drive back to Tyler, it became clear that, if you were a heavenly parent, wouldn’t you want your children loving you and loving each other? And all the law hang on those two: love your parent; love each other. It takes care of things. Then what Jesus said made perfect sense. I look forward to the day when Martin Luther King, Jr.’s dream will be fulfilled and nobody will care about Black lives matter and White lives matter. Nobody will care what color people are, and we will come together again without any hyphenation as Americans. But as long as we have leaders who continue to pick at a scab and refuse to let it heal, then our law officers are in danger, our country is in danger, and this little experiment with a democratic Republic is in severe jeopardy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 11, 2016, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 985. A bill to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotio to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products; with an amendment (Rept. 114–671). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3250. A bill to amend the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent the abuse of dextromethorphan, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–672). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. HECKof Washington): H.R. 5684. A bill to authorize modification or augmentation of the Second Division Memorial, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. COSTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. N UNES , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. VELA): H.R. 5685. A bill to amend the Solid Waste Disposal Act to incentivize efficient nutrient management practices and to clarify the citizen suit provisions of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. COHEN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E STY, Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. MOORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. E SHOO ): H.R. 5686. A bill to prohibit the pricing of consumer products and services that are substantially similar if such products or services are priced differently based on the gender of the individuals for whose use the products are intended or marketed or for whom the services are performed or offered; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 5687. A bill to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Financial Services, Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. LEWIS): H.R. 5688. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a temporary exception to the application of the Medicare longterm care hospital site neutral provisions for certain spinal cord specialty hospitals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GIBSON: H.R. 5689. A bill to prohibit discrimination against individuals with disabilities who need longterm services and supports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself and Ms. DUCKWORTH ): H.R. 5690. A bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. LEWIS, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. THOMPSON of California): H.R. 5691. A bill to direct the Joint Committee on the Library to obtain a statue of Elie Wiesel for placement in the United States Capitol; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. NADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L EE, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California): H.R. 5692. A bill to .restore the effective use of group actions for claims arising under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, title V of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, section 1977 of the Revised Statutes, and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. FARR, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. HONDA ): H.R. 5693. A bill to amend title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and other statutes to clarify appropriate liability standards for Federal antidiscrimination claims; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GRAHAM (for herself, Mr. KING of New York, and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ): H.R. 5694. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish guidelines for a model elder abuse registry and to provide grants to States for establishing and operating such a registry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. VELA, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California): H.R. 5695. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a veterans visa program to permit veterans who have been removed from the United States to return as immigrants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5696. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to support innovative technology partnerships; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself and Mr. OLSON ): H.R. 5697. A bill to prohibit any officer or employee of the Federal Government who has exercised extreme carelessness in the handling of classified information from being granted or retaining a security clearance; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5698. A bill to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish an incubator and accelerator grant program for veterans and members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. MOORE (for herself and Mr. POCAN ): H.R. 5699. A bill to award grants to school food authorities for the purchase of equipment for school meal programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5700. A bill to support the education of Indian children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5701. A bill To amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to permit leave to care for an adult child, grandchild, or grandparent who has a serious health condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. LANGEVIN ): H.R. 5702. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award Federal Pell Grants to students dually or concurrently enrolled at an eligible institution that is a public institution of higher education and a secondary school, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5703. A bill to establish a grant program in the Department of Defense to increase the number of women and underrepresented minorities in Department of Defense military and civilian leadership positions; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H.R. 5704. A bill to extend the duration of Military OneSource Program services for members of the Armed Forces upon their separation or retirement from the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. VELA: H.R. 5705. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms and explosives and Federal firearms and explosives licenses and permits to known or suspected terrorists; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 5706. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to the state of mind required for certain offenses involving defense information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. PETERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. BROWN of Florida, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. JEFFRIES ): H. Res. 815. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that governments should assure that all travelers departing for or returning from a destination where mosquito transmission of the Zika Virus is occurring will be informed of symptoms of the Zika Virus, the measures that should be taken to protect against mosquito bites, and inform women who are pregnant or may become pregnant to seek the advice of their physician prior to travel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. WOODALL , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. WALZ, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. HUDSON ): H. Res. 816. A resolution expressing support for the designation of August 16, 2016, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 376: Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 377: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 429: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 430: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 532: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 555: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 921: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 932: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 985: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. H.R. 1005: Ms. ESHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1095: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 1310: Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. ESHOO , and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 1454: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1516: Mr. CALVERT and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 1600: Mr. VEASEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, Mr. CONYERS , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2096: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2173: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, and Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2302: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. MCCOLLUM , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2342: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2380: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 2403: Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. RENACCI , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2477: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 2612: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2622: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2737: Mr. PALMER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. B RAT, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R OSS, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 2903: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2980: Mr. MARINO and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 3095: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 3099: Mr. LAHOODand Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 3119: Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 3178: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. POCAN , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 3179: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. ADAMS , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3223: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 3235: Mrs. BEATTY . 
H.R. 3355: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 3381: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3455: Ms. MOORE , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. E STY, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. RANGEL , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 3526: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3742: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3861: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 3882: Mr. PIERLUISI and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3929: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 4013: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4069: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 4151: Mr. ZINKE, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4237: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 4469: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 4514: Mr. TIBERI . H.R. 4535: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4584: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. MARINO , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. LONG, Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4621: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4632: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 4653: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 4717: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 4731: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 4794: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4813: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4828: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. SALMON , and Mr. P ALMER . H.R. 4867: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 4927: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 4932: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 4992: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. G IBSON , and Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H.R. 5025: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 5166: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 5167: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 5172: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 5191: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 5221: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 5235: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 5271: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5283: Ms. NORTON and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 5287: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 5292: Mr. FORBES and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5373: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 5405: Ms. MOORE and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 5457: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. G RIFFITH. H.R. 5466: Mr. STIVERS , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5474: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 5482: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5486: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5494: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 5504: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 5506: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 5528: Mr. KLINE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. A DAMS , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 5529: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, and Mr. K LINE. H.R. 5530: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. KLINE, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl vania, Ms. FUDGE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 5558: Mr. COOK. H.R. 5560: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5578: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 5583: Mr. RIBBLE and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 5598: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. RICHMOND , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 5600: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. LAMALFA , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 5606: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. MEEKS , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 5607: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. MEEKS , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 5617: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 5620: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 5621: Mr. PETERS , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. CARNEY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. B ARR, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. TIBERI , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R EED, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. HILL, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. WILLIAMS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. HOLDING , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. MARINO , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. WALBERG , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali fornia, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. L ONG, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. STEWART , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. OLSON , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. D ENT, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. T HOMP SONof Pennsylvania, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. POSEY , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. WOODALL , Mr. U PTON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. BABIN, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. CRENSHAW , and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 5628: Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 5644: Ms. GRAHAM and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 5654: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. W ALKER. H.R. 5676: Mr. RUSH, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D OLD, Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. LIPINSKI , Mrs. B USTOS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5683: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.J. Res. 22: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.J. Res. 52: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. H INOJOSA. H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. HASTINGS . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. VEASEY and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. LEWIS, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. SESSIONS . H. Res. 62: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. SABLAN , and Ms. M ATSUI . H. Res. 220: Mrs. CAPPS . H. Res. 396: Mr. HASTINGS . H. Res. 686: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 728: Mr. ROHRABACHER and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H. Res. 750: Ms. GRAHAM . H. Res. 754: Mrs. LUMMIS . H. Res. 782: Mr. VEASEY . H. Res. 784: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 810: Miss RICEof New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Financial Services in H.R. 4992 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. ROYCE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in H.R. 5119 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. CHAFFETZ  The provisions of H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Financial Services in H.R. 5631 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. ROYCE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in H.R. 5631 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petitions: 
Petition 4 by Mr. AGUILAR on H.R. 2867: Ms. Wilson of Florida. Petition 5 by Mrs. LOWEY on H.R. 5044: Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Takano, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Mr. Polis, Mr. Keating, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Sires, Mr. Meeks, Mrs. Napolitano, Ms. Brownley of California, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mrs. Torres, Ms. Esty, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Castro of Texas, Ms. Pingree, Mr. Kildee, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Vargas, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Sarbanes, Ms. Speier, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Ellison, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Lee, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Yarmuth, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Payne, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Becerra, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Huffman, Mr. McNerney, Ms. Moore, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Israel, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Ms. Vela ´zquez, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Serrano, Mr. Farr, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Veasey, Ms. Tsongas, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Foster, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Bera, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Cuellar, Mr. Clyburn, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. 
Neal, Mr. Lynch, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Meng, Mr. Clay, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Blumenauer, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Nolan, Ms. Sinema, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Lipinski, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Himes, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. Linda T. Sa ´nchez of California, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. Lowenthal. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Coach Dave Bailey on his recent induction to the Bedford County, Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. Coach Bailey took the struggling Tussey Mountain High School boys basketball program and turned it into a 42year dominating force. With Bailey at the reigns, the Tussey Mountain Titans had an incredible winning record of 753–328. Over this period of time, his teams qualified for district playoffs 36 times, played in the district finals 21 times, and captured nine district titles. The Titans did not lose a game on their home court in Saxton for 55 consecutive games, stretching from 2006 through 2011, which rightfully resulted in their gymnasium being nicknamed ‘‘The Terror Dome.’’ Coach Bailey was without a doubt a staple in the Saxton community, as over 600 high school athletes have played for Tussey Mountain under his direction, and 17 of these players achieved 1,000 point careers. When Bailey was not coaching basketball, he also coached track and field and golf for Tussey Mountain, further impacting the lives of more student athletes. Retired now, he has a little more time to spend time with his wife and children. He enjoys golfing, all sports, and naturally giving advice to the boys basketball program. Today I am honored to recognize Dave Bailey for his exceptional coaching career and his many accomplishments. His impact on the community has been too great to put into words, and he has represented Central Pennsylvania and Bedford County with great distinction. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the families across the country that have been touched by gun violence. I am heartbroken, angry, and dismayed over this week’s shootings in Baton Rouge, Falcon Heights, and Dallas. Unfortunately, these events are all too common in communities across the country. Every day, 91 Americans lose their lives to gun violence. The federal government can and must do more to make our communities safer. We should use California’s gun safety laws as an example. California just enacted legislation to ban the possession of magazines that hold more than 10 bullets. California already bans most assaultstyle weapons. California has stricter background checks than most states. California mandates a cooling off period after a gun purchase. And, California requires a background check to buy bullets. Let’s follow California’s lead. Congress should pass ‘‘No Fly, No Buy.’’ Congress should vote on mandatory background checks. Congress should ban assault weapons. Let’s have the courage to stand up to the powerful gun lobby. Two weeks ago, I was proud to join the historic sitin to demand congressional action on bipartisan gun safety laws. The sitin was widely supported by millions of law abiding Americans, including responsible gun owners, who want Congress to enact commonsense gun legislation. Instead, Speaker RYANhas pushed forward a watereddown bill that already failed in the Republicanled Senate. This is not a real attempt at preventing future gun violence. No more moments of silence. Instead I call for moments of action by this legislative body. For victims of gun violence and their families and for our children and grandchildren, let’s do something that will make our communities safer. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 5, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4539, the ‘‘400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission Act,’’ which will develop and carry out activities that commemorate the arrival of Africans in English colonies in 1619 at Point Comfort, Virginia. Mr. Speaker, today it is difficult to imagine there once was a time in our country when AfricanAmericans were owned, disrespected, and treated as less than secondclass citizens for hundreds of years. However, since the 1960’s we have witnessed social and economic revolutions that have transformed our country for the better and brought about the greatest reduction in economic and social inequality among Americans in history. H.R. 4539 will create programs that highlight the undeniable impact that slavery, de jure segregation, Jim Crow Laws, and the Black Codes had in creating and mandating systemic racism and inequality. The Commission will plan programs that acknowledge the impacts that marred the social, political, and economic progress of African Americans in the United States. The Commission encourages the collaboration of organizations that honor the great contributions of AfricanAmerican activists, leaders, writers, and artists. H.R. 4539 encourages the collaboration and participation of civic, economic, historical, educational, patriotic, artistic, and religious organizations to come together to celebrate anniversary activities. The contributions of AfricanAmericans to our great nation is an essential part of our history and should be celebrated. Tribute must be paid to the trailblazers, pioneers, heroes, and leaders, the countless number of wellknown and unsung heroes whose contributions have helped our nation become a more perfect union The AfricanAmerican History Commission will help us honor those who have come before us, and pay forward to future generations by addressing what is the number one issue for all American families today: preserving the American promise of economic opportunity for all. To accomplish this, the Commission will assist nonprofit organizations, localities, and states to further the commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Africans in English colonies by allowing grant funding for the development of programs The Commission is also authorized to provide funding for research and academic and public policy organizations to publish and distribute information about the arrival of Africans in the United States and their contribution to this country. It took hard work, courage, patience, determination, and most of all, an unwavering faith that America could live up to the true meaning of its creed. Mr. Speaker, enacting H.R. 4539 and establishing the AfricanAmerican History Commission will lay the foundation for the next generation of groundbreaking activists, leaders, scientists, writers and artists to continue contributing to the greatness of America. Social progress and justice does not always come easy or overnight but with commitment, determination, and perseverance, progress can be made and barriers can be broken. It is through our work in creating possibilities and programs for today and future generations that we best honor the accomplishments and legacy of our predecessors. Through the establishment of the 400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission, that is made possible. I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 4539. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Irene and Richard Swanson of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the 
very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on May 19, 2016. They were married at St. Patrick’s Church in Missouri Valley, Iowa. Irene and Richard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Irene and Richard Swanson on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an example of the significance of federally sponsored scientific research. I would like to especially commend two scientists, Dr. Edward Knipling and Dr. Raymond C. Bushland, and their research entitled ‘‘The Sex Life of the Screwworm Fly’’. These two distinguished individuals conducted extensive research in the 20th Century on a devastating disease in the cattle industry caused by the theninfamous Screwworm Fly. Through perseverance and dedication, the researchers ultimately discovered a novel method to eradicate the Screwworm Fly. Sterilized male specimens of the fly were released into the wild, overwhelming the native Screwworm Fly population and eventually negating the threat to cattle across the Southeast. Despite heavy disapproval and ridicule from some of their colleagues, the $250,000 in research conducted by Dr. Knipling and Dr. Bushland collectively saved the U.S. cattle industry billions of dollars, earning them the Golden Goose Award. This immense societal benefit from such a small public investment is why they will be honored with the Golden Goose Award this September. The research put into ‘‘The Sex Life of the Screwworm Fly’’ is a great example of the impact federally funded scientific research can make and exemplifies the purpose of the Golden Goose Award. Regarding current epidemics, Dr. Knipling and Dr. Bushland’s research may possibly provide creative solutions as we try to control the transmission of the Zika virus from the Aedes mosquito today. In order to confront and overcome modern health challenges, we must be mindful of the importance of federally funded research, and support creative initiatives whenever possible. HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLOTTE NURGE HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Charlotte Nurge, a constituent of mine who passed away at the age of 95 on June 29 of this year in Ashburn, Virginia. Charlotte was born in New Jersey and moved to Virginia in the 1940s. Since the first day she moved to Loudoun County, Charlotte worked tirelessly to improve the lives of her neighbors. Beginning her life of public service in the administrative offices of Langley High School, Charlotte never complained about working long hours. Known as the ‘‘Mayor of Ashby Ponds’’, the Ashburn retirement community in which she lived, Charlotte gave more than 3,300 volunteer hours of service to her community since the 1990s. She worked tirelessly to enhance benefits for seniors in my district through her work on the Loudoun County Tax Relief program, and I worked closely with her as chairperson of the Commission on Aging. Always willing to lend a hand to a neighbor in need, Charlotte was an irreplaceable pillar of our community, as noted by her regular attendance at the Loudoun County Board meetings well into her 90s. Charlotte will be sincerely missed by all those who had the pleasure of knowing her both on a personal and a professional level. I know that she has impacted many lives over the years, and we are all grateful for having known her. She is survived by two daughters, Barbara and Catherine; five grandchildren, John, Michael, Monday, Tom and Bridget; and six greatgrandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding farewell to, Charlotte Nurge. May she rest in peace, and her family be comforted. 
IN HONOR OF DEREK AND DYLAN THOMSON FOR THEIR EFFORTS ON THE CONNOLLY TOUGH FUND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Derek and Dylan Thomson, both of whom are New Hampshire residents who have committed themselves to cycling across the United States to raise awareness and funds for the Connolly Tough Fund. The Thomson brothers have dedicated themselves to biking from San Francisco, California to Seabrook, New Hampshire, a 4,500 trek in order to raise awareness for ALS as well as funds for their former principal, Gene Connolly, who was recently diagnosed with the disease. It is with great pride and respect that I join others in congratulating and thanking them for their tremendous efforts. The Connolly Tough Fund was started in September 2014 to help Gene Connolly’s family with expenses and have since risen over $85,000. Derek and Dylan Thomson hoped to raise an additional $20,000 through fundraising efforts throughout their bike ride. At this time, they have risen over $14,000. The Connolly Tough Fund has transferred their focus to supporting a scholarship fund in Gene’s name. This decision follows Mr. Connolly’s decision to retire from Concord High School. This retirement ends Mr. Connolly’s 38year public school career in New Hampshire, serving students like the Thomson brothers selflessly and tirelessly. While the fund has transferred its attention, the Thomson brothers are committing themselves to aiding Mr. Connolly, directly, through their fundraising program. Derek and Dylan’s journey is a personal and selfless act. Gene Connolly aided Derek in finding his passion for filmmaking and mentored him through his college experience at both Keene State College and Emerson University. For this, Derek is determined to ‘‘pay back Connolly for his generosity and inspiration.’’ Derek has created films for Mr. Connolly and his family and became inspired to help monetarily, with his brother, through this bike riding effort. Dylan, also a recent graduate, is completing this ride before heading to University of New Hampshire this fall. The brothers started their crosscountry trek on May 21st and hope to finish by midJuly. They should be commended for their tenacity and commitment. Derek and Dylan Thomson have been tireless in their commitment to the Connolly Tough Fund and have improved the Connolly family’s life tremendously. Their work, both in Concord and on their bikes have helped Gene Connolly and his family throughout this transformative experience. As Mr. Connolly stated in a film, made by Derek, these brothers are helping ‘‘to the best of their ability.’’ Derek and Dylan Thomson are role models for all of us and I applaud them for their efforts. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following extraneous materials on H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016: 
ONADOPTABLE CHILDREN , St. Paul, MN, June 14, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. ORRIN HATCH , Chairman, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. Hon. VERNBUCHANAN , Chairman, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. SANDER LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. RONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. Hon. LLOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMEN BRADY AND HATCH , RANKINGMEMBERS LEVIN AND WYDEN , ANDCHAIRMAN BUCHANAN AND RANKING MEMBER DOGGETT : The North American Council on Adoptable Children (NACAC) is pleased to support the Family First Prevention Services Act, and we look forward to working with you to ensure passage and implementation of this important legislation. NACAC is a national organization dedicated to the belief that children and youth need and deserve a permanent family. I want to particularly highlight three provisions of the Act: We were glad to see that the act specifically mentions that Title IV–E will be able to cover preventive services for adoptive and guardianship families, along with birth families and relative caregivers. We have known far too many adoptive families who have been told that their children must reenter foster care to access services. In some of these cases, adoptive families must be charged with abuse and neglect for their children to receive the services they need. The Act will expand the availability of such services and reflects the reality that many families, including adoptive families, need targeted, effective services to meet their children’s needs and prevent foster care entry. The emphasis on familybased placements rather than group care is something that NACAC has long supported. We firmly believe that far too many children are placed in group care for no therapeutic reason, which research suggests can harm children. We also know that placement with relatives or foster families increases the likelihood that children will achieve permanency, whether through reunification, kin placement, guardianship, or adoption. Group care has a place in the child welfare system when it is therapeutic and effective, never as a convenient default. Finally, we are pleased to see that the Government Accounting Office will study and report on how states are reinvesting the funds they receive as a result of the Fostering Connections Act’s expansion of Title IV–E adoption assistance eligibility. We know that too few families currently have access to needed postadoption and post guardianship services, and think these reinvested funds can be a valuable tool to support families postpermanency. We are also pleased to see the reauthorization of Title IV–B and the Adoption and Guardianship Incentive Program. The incentive program has been an important source of funding for support services for adoptive and guardian families. In addition, we strongly support increased investment in services to prevent foster placements for all families, the supports for kinship care providers, and the expansion of the National Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise. We have seen through the pilot that the use of such a system will speed placements of children in foster care and adoption. We acknowledge that the Act would delay the implementation of expanded IV–E eligibility to children under age four, but we believe that the bill’s provisions are so important that we are able to support this offset. We will offer support in implementation of the Act to ensure that the postadoption services in the bill are available to families who need them and that states are investing in efforts to recruit, develop, and support foster and kin families for children who would otherwise be in group care. We will also review the GAO study to ensure that states are investing as required in postadoption and postguardianship services. Thank you again for your support of these valuable improvements in our child welfare system. Please let me know if you need anything from us as you move forward with the Act. Sincerely, MARYBOO, Executive Director. 
THENATIONAL  CRITTENTON FOUNDATION , Portland, OR, June 14, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. ORRIN HATCH , Chairman, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate. Hon. VERNBUCHANAN , Chairman, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. SANDY LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. RONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate. Hon. LLOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. DEAR WAYS AND MEANS AND SENATE FINANCE COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN BRADY AND  HATCH , RANKING MEMBERS LEVIN AND WYDEN  
ANDHUMAN RESOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIRMAN BUCHANAN AND RANKING MEMBER DOGGETT : On behalf of The National Crittenton Foundation, I am pleased to support the Family First Prevention Services Act (H.R. 5456) introduced today by House Ways and Means Human Resources Subcommittee Chairman Vern Buchanan (R–FL) and joined by eleven other bipartisan original cosponsors. We understand that the development of this proposed legislation has been a long and complex process, and believe that this bipartisan compromise represents a positive step toward reducing the unnecessary reliance on group care while also improving critical prevention services for children in or at risk of entering the child welfare system. Headquartered in Portland, Oregon, TNCF’s mission is to advance the selfempowerment, health, economic security and civic engagement of girls and young women impacted by violence, childhood adversity and trauma. TNCF and its 26–member Family of Agencies currently serve 31 states and the District of Columbia and have more than 130 years of expertise in delivering the highest quality of gender and culturallyspecific, traumainformed, strengthsbased and developmentallyappropriate services to girls and young women involved in the child welfare, juvenile justice and other child and family service systems. Among the many populations of young people it serves, the Crittenton Family of Agencies has a particular interest and expertise in providing cuttingedge supports for pregnant and parenting girls and young women, both those who are at risk of child welfare involvement and those already in the foster care system. As you know, these young women represent a relatively small percentage of the overall population of children in foster care, but they face a number of critical challenges, most notably the unnecessary separation from or permanent removal of their own children. When pregnant and parenting youth do not receive the comprehensive range of services they need to parent effectively, the result is often long term, dualgeneration involvement in the child welfare system. The proposed legislation supports the young people we serve in several important ways. Most importantly, it allows federal Title IV–E foster care funding to be used for timelimited, evidencebased services for those young people who are at imminent risk of entering or reentering foster care, pregnant and parenting youth in foster care and parents and kinship caregivers of children at risk. Expanding states’ ability to direct critical dollars towards prevention will help young people who seek help from our agencies access services in the community, especially those young parents who need basic community services and supports to stay together with their children. In addition, the elimination of time limits for family reunification services will be extremely helpful in providing ongoing support for young children after they have returned home to their parents, including parents who are teens. The National Crittenton Foundation is also supportive of the proposed approach to eliminating inappropriate group care. As you know, our agencies strongly believe that children belong in families whenever possible. They work extensively with state and local child welfare agencies, other communitybased organizations, and families to provide a range of services—from prevention to postpermanency services—to help children return home or transition to kinship care. Our agencies also understand first hand that children are too often placed in poorly regulated group settings without comprehensive assessments and timely and clinically appropriate placements. By clearly defining Qualified Residential Treatment Programs (QRTP) and requiring timely and comprehensive assessments and careful ongoing court review, we believe that this legislation balances the need to address the treatment needs of young people and reduce the over reliance on group home placements. In addition, the provisions to support young pregnant and parenting teens will help ensure that those young women who do not have supportive family placement options or kinship resources are able to access the services they need before and after the birth of their children. Finally, TNCF is pleased to see the additional reporting requirements for children who are not placed in family foster care homes. Accurate data collection on residential treatment, hospitalsettings and those individuals who are pregnant and parenting will be instrumental in helping our agencies better meet the needs of young people by identifying gaps in services and supports. Thank you all for your strong leadership and bipartisan coordination on these important issues and for your ongoing commitment to children and their families. Sincerely, JEANNETTE PAIESPINOSA , President. 
CATHOLIC CHARITIES USA, June 21, 2016. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development and Catholic Charities USA, we write in support of H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016. In his recent Apostolic Exhortation, Amoris Laetitia, Pope Francis wrote: The choice of adoption and foster care expresses a particular kind of fruitfulness in the marriage experience....  I n  the light of those situations where a child is desired at any cost, as a right for one’s selffulfilment, adoption and foster care, correctly understood, manifest an important aspect of parenting and the raising of children. They make people aware that children, whether natural, adoptive or taken in foster care, are persons in their own right who need to be accepted, loved and cared for, and not just brought into this world. The best interests of the child should always underlie any decision in adoption and foster care (no. 180). The Church thus recognizes and values the often heroic witness of those who provide loving foster care to children in need. At the same time, we understand that, where possible, meaningful support for families experiencing serious challenges can be critically important. For some, welltimed assistance can help keep families together, strengthening child outcomes and building toward longterm thriving. Catholic Charities has extensive experience, both in supporting families with mental health care, substance abuse treatment and parenting skills training, and in providing foster care support. Last year alone over 11,000 children received foster care support and over 1,500 children were adopted from foster care programs through Catholic Charities supported programs. Given our deep understanding and concern for family and our breadth of experience in helping parents in need, we urge you to pass H.R. 5456. Among the commendable provisions are: Resources to assist parents with mental health, substance abuse or parenting skill issues to increase opportunities for children to remain in their homes where safe to do so; Increased priority for placing children with other family members or in family foster settings; Funding for evidencebased services to prevent child abuse and neglect related to substance abuse; Additional support for the transition of foster children into adulthood. As Saint John Paul II remarked, ‘‘As the family goes, so goes the nation, and so goes the whole world in which we live’’ (homily, Perth, Australia, November 30, 1986). The importance of supporting parents, children and families by improving the foster care system is critical for the good of our nation. Please support H.R. 5456. Sincerely yours, MOSTREVEREND THOMAS  G. WENSKI , Archbishop of Miami, Chairman, Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development. SR. DONNA MARKHAM , OP, PH.D., President & CEO, Catholic Charities USA. JUNE21, 2016. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER OF THE HOUSE RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : As organizations representing advocates for children, youth and families, public and private providers, foster parents, adoptive parents, kinship caregivers and alumni of foster care, we are writing in support of the bipartisan, bicameral Family First Prevention Services Act, H.R. 5456. This legislation represents an historic step forward by better aligning federal child welfare funding with improved outcomes and goals for children and families who come into contact with the child welfare system. Over the decades Congress has approved many bipartisan, bicameral child welfare bills to better meet the needs of our most vulnerable children and families, and the Family First Prevention Services Act continues to make important gains for children. We applaud the historic step the Act takes to increase federal investments in prevention to keep more children safely with their parents or family caregivers and out of foster care. The Act would allow funds under Title IV–E of the Social Security Act, now used primarily for outofhome care for children, to be used for quality mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services and inhome parent skillbased programs. Requirements that these new services be evidencebased and traumainformed, along with data reporting on performance outcomes, helps to ensure the quality of and accountability for services provided. These and other provisions in the Act also recognize the current challenges created by the opioid and heroin crises in many states. The Family First Prevention Services Act over time also will take important steps to ensure children who need foster care will be placed in the least restrictive setting appropriate to their needs, by targeting federal dollars only on children in familyfoster homes or residential settings for children and youth with special treatment needs or those in special circumstances, such as pregnant and parenting teens or older youth in independent living settings. The Act builds on activities in a number of states to preserve group care for children with special treatment needs. The Act includes a number of other important changes to help improve outcomes for children and families. It continues to recognize the special role grandparents and other relatives play when they step in to care for children when their parents cannot and the supports relative caregivers need; requires states to have a plan to track and prevent child maltreatment fatalities; addresses the special needs of pregnant and parenting teens and protections for their children; promotes permanent families for children by extending adoption and guardianship incentives, enhancing interstate placements of children, and ensuring appropriate investments in postadoption services; continues the Court Improvement Program; and offers increased supports to help older youth transition from foster care to adulthood. Children and society pay a high cost when current systems fail to adequately address the needs of the children who come to the attention of our child welfare systems. We believe the specific changes proposed will go far in encouraging state and local child welfare agencies, private providers, courts, and advocates for children and families, including those who have been involved in the child welfare system, to work together to achieve significant change for children over the next decade. The Family First Prevention Services Act will truly benefit vulnerable children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system. We urge strong bipartisan support of H.R. 5456. Thank you. Sincerely, National Organizations: Adoption Exchange Association American Academy of Pediatrics American Psychological Association Association of University Centers on Disabilities Center for Native American Youth Center for the Study of Social Policy Child Care Aware
®of America Children and Family Futures Children’s Home Society of America Children’s Hospital Association Children’s Rights Children’s Advocacy Institute Children’s Defense Fund Children’s Leadership Council CLASP Coalition on Human Needs CSH (Corporation for Supportive Housing) Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption Every Child Matters First Focus Campaign for Children Foster Familybased Treatment Association FosterClub Generations United Healthy Teen Network Human Rights Project for Girls (Rights4Girls) Juvenile Law Center National African American Drug Policy Coalition, Inc. National Alliance of Children’s Trust and Prevention Funds National Association for Children of Alcoholics National Association for Children’s Behavioral Health National Association of Counsel for Children National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners National Association of Social Workers National Center on Adoption and Permanency National Center on Child Welfare and Housing National Center on Shared Leadership National Child Abuse Coalition National Children’s Alliance National Family Preservation Network National Foster Parent Association National Indian Child Welfare Association National Kinship Alliance for Children North American Council on Adoptable Children Parents Anonymous Inc. Ray E. Helfer Society Strengthening Families All Across America The Dalton Daley Group The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy The National Crittenton Foundation Think of Us Voice for Adoption Youth Law Center Youth Villages ZERO TO THREE State Organizations: Adoptive and Foster Families of Maine, Inc. and the Kinship Program AAJ Research & Evaluation (Florida) Arizona’s Children Association CASA Youth Advocates (Pennsylania) Child and Family Services of New Hampshire Children & Families First (Delaware) Children Awaiting Parents (New York) Children’s Action Alliance (Arizona) Children’s Home + Aid (Illinois) Children’s Home Society of North Carolina Children’s Advocacy Alliance (Nevada) 
Children’s Defense Fund—California Children’s Defense Fund—Minnesota Children’s Defense Fund—Mississippi Children’s Defense Fund—New York Children’s Defense Fund—Texas Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York, Inc. Connecticut Voices for Children Dakota Boys and Girls Ranch (North Dakota) Florida’s Children First, Inc. Foster Adopt Connect (Missouri and Kansas) Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota Lutheran Social Services of Indiana Massachusetts Adoption Resource Exchange Massachusetts Law Reform Institute Partners for Our Children (Washington) The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia The Children’s Partnership (California) University of California Davis Guardian Professions Program Voices for Children in Nebraska Voices for Ohio’s Children Voices for Virginia’s Children YMCA of San Diego County, Kinship Support Program f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,343,541,768,823.97. We’ve added $8,716,664,719,910.89 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8.7 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kennedy Plowman of AdairCasey High School. Kennedy Plowman was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Fourteenth Annual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on May 1, 2016. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa high school Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bureau. Each Iowa high school was invited to select a senior with the highest academic ranking. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extracurricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to represent leaders like Kennedy Plowman in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Kennedy on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. ROBERT HURT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote Number 391 on the Mullin of Oklahoma Amendment No. 43 to H.R. 5485, Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, during the roll call votes on Thursday, July 7, 2016, I missed a vote on an amendment to the Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations. Had I been present, on roll call number 394, I would have voted Yea. 
TO COMMISSION A STATUE OF ELIE WIESEL TO BE PLACED IN THE CAPITOL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a bipartisan bill I introduced today with several of my colleagues to authorize a statue of Elie Wiesel to be placed in the U.S. Capitol building. Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel was a great American, whose moral leadership served as a beacon across our country and around the globe. President Obama rightly called him, ‘‘the conscience of the world.’’ Wiesel was born in Romania in 1928. In 1944, at the age of fifteen, Elie Wiesel was sent to the Nazi concentration camp of Auschwitz, and later to Buchenwald. Both of his parents and his younger sister died in the concentration camps. After the war, Elie Wiesel became a journalist and wrote about his experiences during the Holocaust. He spent his life as a vocal witness against both the evil that gave rise to the Holocaust and man’s inhumanity against his fellow man. His purpose was to speak the truth in the face of power and to clearly and repeatedly say ‘‘Never Again.’’ His memoir, Night, has been translated into over 30 languages. He fought against indifference, intolerance, and injustice. He helped create the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. Elie Wiesel was one of the greatest moral forces in the world. He was brilliant, pure, honest, and courageous. I met Elie Wiesel when I was a Tennessee State Senator and he was honored at Vanderbilt. He was the inspiration for me founding the Tennessee Holocaust Commission in 1987. I have a picture of him and me hanging in the foyer of my Washington, DC office. The photo was taken when he was honored at the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis. His voice was strong and will be sorely missed. He was one of my heroes. I urge my colleagues to help pass this bill. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote Number 389 on the Messer of Indiana Amendment No. 40 to H.R. 5485, Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 5, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1252, the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2015,’’ which requires the President to develop and implement a Global Food Security Strategy to reduce hunger and maintain global food security and nutrition. Even in an age of globalization and industrialization, hunger and food security remain fundamental impediments to global wellbeing. According to UN estimates, 795 people currently live undernourished lives, with 12.9 percent of the population of underdeveloped countries living without proper nutrition and 3.1 million children under the age of five dying of malnutrition every year. Moreover, with the world’s natural resources and biodiversity rapidly degrading, global food security continues to be threatened, as one of the global economy’s most crucial driving forces, agriculture, continues to suffer globally, and particularly in underdeveloped states. Even as the threats of hunger and food instability loom, the necessity of global food security remains, as solutions to global food issues also represent instrumental steps to poverty eradication and economic growth. In an age where food concerns plague underdeveloped nations and largely industrialized international powers alike, moreover, it is more important than ever to remain committed to proven food initiatives and measures of global food assistance. In particular, the Food Security Act specifies the importance of promoting activities and programs that strive to promote global food security, resilience, and nutrition. These measures include programs that: 1. place food insecure countries on a path toward selfsufficiency by coordinating U.S. assistance programs; 2. accelerate agricultural and economic growth in a manner that reduces global poverty, hunger, and malnutrition; 3. increase the productivity and livelihoods of smallscale producers; 
4. build resilience to food shocks in vulnerable populations; 5. create an environment for agricultural growth and investment; 6. improve the nutritional status of women and children globally; 7. align with existing U.S. strategies and investments to achieve these objectives; 8. and strengthen relationships between U.S. and foreign universities that contribute to agricultural growth. In addition, this measure specifies that the President must coordinate a comprehensive government strategy to promote global food security by coordinating across federal departments and agencies to provide assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to prevent or address food shortages. The President’s annual report to Congress on the implementation of these specifications and measures will enable continued monitoring and evaluation of the success of these strategies. This measure is integral to restoring global food security, and represents a vital step in the global war against world hunger. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass S. 1252. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ABNER J. MIKVA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and legacy of Abner Mikva and to send my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones. Abner Mikva was one of the most treasured friends I’ve had in all my life. He was an indispensable mentor, a consistent role model and a great guy to be around. It is somehow fitting, that a man so completely devoted to public service—a true American patriot—would take his last breath on the 4th of July. Ab is revered in the district I now represent, which first elected him to Congress in 1974. I was one of the countless volunteers who passed his flyers out and knocked on doors. He inspired a whole generation to believe that politics is a noble calling. His grassroots election campaigns that engaged literally thousands of young people wearing his trademark Mikva! Tshirts are legendary. He was a brilliant strategist, able to work across the aisle, but never compromising his core progressive beliefs. One of the few Americans to serve in all three branches of government as a Congressman, Federal Judge and White House Counsel, Abner was committed to advocating government that was the most helpful it could be to the most people possible. His legacy lives on in the Abner and Zoe (his beloved wife and partner) Mikva Challenge, a program that places high school student interns in both Republican and Democratic offices and campaigns. Thousands of young people for generations to come will experience handson involvement in politics because of Ab and Zoe. In November of 2014, I was proud to witness President Obama, someone Ab Mikva supported and promoted from the day he met him, award Ab with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan came to an intimate celebration afterward and spoke fondly about the days she served as Abner’s law clerk. His 90th birthday party last February showcased Abner Mikva’s enduring wit, intelligence and humanity. He will be deeply, deeply missed by all those who knew, admired, and loved him. I am proud to be one of them. To Abner Mikva’s wife Zoe and family, to whom he was completely devoted, I send my gratitude and heartfelt condolences. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Roger Herring of Atlantic, Iowa on his retirement as the Director of the Atlantic Park and Recreation Commission. Roger has served in this capacity for the past five years. Roger was recently awarded the Key to the City of Atlantic. This recognition has not been bestowed upon a resident in 34 years. Roger is recognized for his dedication and leadership in transforming many parks in Atlantic. He is credited with the vision that has led to many successful improvement projects for the parks and recreation areas within the city. I commend and congratulate Roger Herring on his retirement and for his many years of dedicated and devoted service to the citizens of Atlantic, Iowa. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Roger for his many accomplishments and wish him and his family the very best in the future. 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF REAR ADMIRAL (LOWER HALF) KIRK A. FOSTER, JAG CORPS, U.S. NAVY (RET) 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rear Admiral (Lower Half) Kirk A. Foster, Judge Advocate General’s Corps, United States Navy (Retired), a son of Pennsylvania who is retiring after 28 years of faithful service to our nation while on active duty in the United States Navy. Admiral Foster began his service as a student at Villanova Law School and was commissioned an Ensign in the Navy Judge Advocate General’s Corps Student Program. During the next 28 years, he served the Navy in a variety of roles throughout the United States and overseas. His shore assignments include Defense Counsel and Prosecutor (San Diego, CA), Litigation Counsel (Washington, DC), Regional Environmental Counsel (Norfolk, VA), Legislative Counsel and Liaison in the Navy’s Office of Legislative Affairs (Washington, DC), Special Assistant for Legal and Legislative Matters to the Vice Chief of Naval Operations (Washington, DC) and subsequently to the Chief of Naval Operations (Washington, DC). Captain Foster also served as Commanding Officer, Region Legal Service Office, Southwest (San Diego, CA); and as the Executive Assistant to the Judge Advocate General (Washington, DC), and as Chief, Legislation Division, Navy’s Office of Legislative Affairs (Washington, DC). Admiral Foster’s afloat and operational tours include Command Judge Advocate, Commander, Amphibious Squadron ONE, embarked in USS Tarawa (LHA–1); Staff Judge Advocate, Commander, Carrier Group EIGHT, embarked in USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN– 71); Force Judge Advocate, Commander, Naval Forces Europe—Commander, U.S. SIXTH Fleet, Naples, Italy; Deputy Staff Judge Advocate, Commander, MultiNational Force— Iraq, Baghdad, Iraq; and Rule of Law Advisor, Office of the Defense Representative to Pakistan, U.S. Embassy, Islamabad, Pakistan. For his outstanding service to our nation, Admiral Foster earned numerous awards including the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Service Commendation Medal, NavyMarine Corps Commendation Medal, NavyMarine Corps Achievement Medal, and various campaign and unit awards. On the occasion of his retirement from the Navy, I thank his family and him for his honorable service to our nation and wish him fair winds and following seas as he concludes a most distinguished career. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me in commending Admiral Foster for his commitment to our country and the sacrifices he made on its behalf. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Colonel Lawrence E. Crozier on his retirement from the United States Army after 30 years of service to our country. An esteemed and respected member of the Army Nurse Corps, Colonel Crozier most recently served as the Deputy Commander for Patient Service and Nursing at Fort Bliss’ William Beaumont Medical Center in my district of El Paso, Texas. In this capacity, Colonel Crozier was instrumental in dayto day operations of the Department of Defense’s largest medical treatment facility, comprised of more than 3,700 staff members and 72,000 beneficiaries. He also played an integral role in strengthening the relationship between Fort Bliss and the El Paso community. Colonel Crozier’s distinguished career began in 1986 at Fort Gordon, Georgia and included time in Germany; Fort Bliss, Texas; Fort Hood, Texas; Fort Stewart, Georgia; and Fort Sam Houston, Texas. During this time, Colonel Crozier deployed to both Kyrgyzstan and Saudi Arabia in support of humanitarian missions and to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. During his time in Iraq, Colonel Crozier served as the Chief Operating Room Nurse at Baghdad’s 86th Combat Support Hospital, where he led a team of nurses and 
medics in performing hundreds of lifesaving surgeries for our service members. As Colonel Crozier embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he and his family may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment, the outstanding contributions he has made to the William Beaumont Army Medical Center and to the United States Army. I would like to send him my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during roll call vote numbers 382 and 389 on July 7, 2016. I would like to reflect how I would have voted: On roll call vote no. 382 I would have voted NO. On roll call vote no. 389 I would have voted NO. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the following students of the Gulfport High School Marine Corps JROTC who recently won the Civilian Marksmanship Program’s Three Position Air Rifle National Championship in Camp Perry, Ohio: Rebecca Cook, Katy Nevins, Gabrielle Phelps, and Jillian Tyler. These outstanding young women brought the national title home to Mississippi, and I am proud to honor their achievement. Under the leadership of Lt. Col. John Owens and team coach Tammy Smith, the Gulfport High School rifle team is no stranger to the national stage, but the win serves as the program’s first national title. These four young women have demonstrated that hard work and dedication will achieve success. As the team competed in a series of events, they defeated 30 other teams from across the United States. This team has continuously shown true leadership and commitment when the team finished first in their regional competition by shooting a recordsetting twoday total. At the competition, Rebecca Cook earned medals for placing third on the first day and placing fifth on the second day. Katy Nevins received a bronze medal, finishing third in her age division. Jillian Tyler holds the highest score for the entire match. On behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to send the entire Gulfport High School Marine Corps JROTC team my congratulations. Semper Fidelis. HONORING SOPHIE SEPTOFF FOR HER SILVER KNIGHT AWARD HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Ms. Sophie Septoff, recent graduate of the Nova Southeastern University School and recipient of the Miami Herald’s Silver Knight Award for the category of Music and Dance. Sophie, who is legally blind, founded the ‘‘Dance in the Light’’ program at the Lighthouse of Broward through which she teaches blind and visually impaired children the art of dance. Her love for the arts and passion to help others succeed has helped countless children in our community. Sophie is a talented, smart and poised young woman with a kind heart. I applaud Sophie on her achievement and I am grateful for her compassion to those around her. She represents the best in our community and has set forth a stellar example for other young adults on how to be a caring citizen. I am confident Ms. Septoff will be incredibly successful in her future endeavors at Georgetown University and wish her all the best. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my legislation, the Farm Regulatory Certainty Act. In 2015, a federal judge ruled in a citizen suit that dissolved manure nitrates constitute a ‘‘solid waste’’ under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), and held four Washington State dairies culpable of ‘‘open dumping’’ due to their nutrient management practices. A farmer myself, I firmly believe farmers have and must continue to lead the charge on good stewardship and conservation. While I agree there are a number of statutes that do govern nutrient management practices, Congress never intended for RCRA to be one of those statutes. Moreover, the EPA’s regulations confirm that agricultural wastes, such as manures and crop residues, were not intended to be governed under RCRA. This misguided ruling has placed farmers across the country in a legal gray area. It is unfair for agricultural nutrients to be exempt from law, then have a court find farmers at fault for noncompliance with the very law they are exempt from. Farmers need certainty as to what rules apply to them. The legislation I introduce today would clarify and reaffirm that RCRA was not intended to govern nutrient management activities. Moreover, this bill would prevent farmers who are already engaged in legal action and who are diligently working with the state or federal government to address nutrient management issues from being targeted by citizen suits. We want to continue to encourage farmers to be good stewards, and create an environment where farmers can feel comfortable working with state and federal regulatory agencies to address stewardship issues—not have farmers fear that documents and samples provided to regulators will be acquired by thirdparties and used against them in these ‘‘doublejeopardy’’like lawsuits. This commonsense legislation will clarify Congress’ intent on this statute, and work to restore a relationship of trust and confidence between farmers and regulators. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Carol and Gary Barrett of Hamburg, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on May 29, 2016. Carol and Gary’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Carol and Gary Barrett on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 385, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
IN CELEBRATION OF AMBASSADOR MARION H. SMOAK’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and career of Ambassador Marion H. Smoak as he celebrates his 100th birthday. Ambassador Smoak has dedicated many years to public service and deserves to be commended for his service and dedication to our country. Ambassador Smoak received a bachelor’s degree in English and History from The Citadel in 1938. He went on to receive a law degree from the University of South Carolina Law School in 1941. Shortly after receiving his law degree Ambassador Smoak served in the Army and was stationed in Berlin and New Caledonia, Japan, holding the title of Judge Advocate with the 11th and 82nd Airborne Divisions. Following his tour abroad, he began 
teaching at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in the Law Department. Upon leaving his position at West Point, Ambassador Smoak became a legislative liaison officer in Washington, D.C. In this position, he assisted in drafting legislation and performed liaison duties with Congress, the Department of Justice, the Department of State, and the Department of Defense. During his time in Washington, D.C., Ambassador Smoak became Chief of the Legislative Drafting Division for the Judge Advocate General. He served as Chief until his retirement from military service in 1961, leaving with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Following his retirement from the Army, Ambassador Smoak returned to Aiken County, South Carolina along with his wife, Mary Frances Meister, and their three children, Fred, Mary Frances, and Pat. Serving as a practicing attorney in Aiken County, Ambassador Smoak sought office in the South Carolina State Senate and went on to win the election in 1966. Ambassador Smoak was among the first five Republicans that served in the South Carolina State Senate since Reconstruction. While in the State Senate he served on six committees that included: Agriculture, Atomic and Nuclear Energy, Commerce and Manufactures, Military, and Veteran Affairs. Ambassador Smoak fought for the Compulsory School Bill, realigning voting precincts, and compulsory auto inspections. From 1967 to 1968, he also served in the State Constitutional Revision Commission. Upon completing his term in the Senate, Ambassador Smoak went on to work at the State Department as the Deputy Chief of Protocol and Chief of Protocol for the President and the Secretary of State from 1969 to 1974. During his time at the State Department Ambassador Smoak participated in many significant events including: the inauguration of President Prastrana of Colombia in 1970, the inauguration of President Echeverria of Mexico in 1970, and the funeral of King Frederick IX of Denmark in 1972. When he retired from the State Department in 1974, he was given the title of Ambassador. His glorious career continued when he was named CoChairman on the Committee of Finance for then Presidential candidate Ronald Reagan. Ambassador Smoak went on to practice law at Shipley, Smoak, and Henry of Washington, D.C., where he practiced International Law and officially retired. Among all his involvement and activities, Ambassador Smoak served as Director of the Ackokeek Foundation and the American Friends of Jamaica. He also served as President of Georgetown Club of Washington and the Fairfax Hunt of Northern Virginia, and assisted in the production of the Red Cross Ball in Palm Beach, Florida as Diplomatic Chairman. Currently, Ambassador Smoak is a member of the Chevy Chase Club and the Metropolitan Club of Washington, the Everglades Club and the Palm Beach Polo and Country Club of Palm Beach Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the career and noble service of Ambassador Smoak. It is with great pride that we thank him for his service, and wish him continued health and happiness with his friends, family, and loved ones. HONORING JUDGE ROGER L. GREGORY OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of my hometown community in Bloomington, Indiana, and the many Hoosiers who crossed paths with legendary track coach, Sam Bell. It’s difficult to estimate just how many Hoosiers it is I speak for today, but suffice it to say, Coach Bell had a tremendous impact in his three decades coaching at Indiana University. It would take all of the time allotted here and then some, to try to list all of Coach Bell’s accomplishments. But among the brightest in his long line of successes, was being a father of four, a grandfather to nine, and a source of confidence for so many young people that he coached. Sam Bell remains one of the most highlyregarded coaches in the history of Indiana track and field—and for good reason. He won hundreds of titles. He coached Olympians. He commanded a reputation for greatness which preceded him everywhere he went. His athletes will be the first to tell you Coach Bell was intensely demanding. He was tough—some say old school or conservative even. But they respected him for it. I was especially struck, Mr. Speaker, by one former Olympian who, years later, finds himself constantly quoting Coach Bell to his own children. You see, because of the type of person Coach Bell was, he had the ability to transform not just a single athlete’s life, but the lives of those who come thereafter. There is perhaps no greater legacy one can leave, and I am privileged to share it here today—and offer my respects to the Bell family and all who called him ‘‘Coach.’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote Number 390 on the Palmer of Alabama Amendment No. 41 to H.R. 5485, Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following Roll Call votes. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present. Roll Call No. 367, Yea. Roll Call No. 377, Nay. Roll Call No. 378, Yea. Roll Call No. 379, Yea. Roll Call No. 380, Yea. Roll Call No. 381, Yea. Roll Call No. 382, Yea. Roll Call No. 383, Yea. Roll Call No. 384, Yea. Roll Call No. 385, Yea. Roll Call No. 386, Yea. Roll Call No. 387, Yea. Roll Call No. 388, Yea. Roll Call No. 389, Yea. Roll Call No. 390, Yea. Roll Call No. 391, Yea. Roll Call No. 392, Yea. Roll Call No. 393, Yea. Roll Call No. 394, Nay. Roll Call No. 395, Yea. Roll Call No. 396, Yea. Roll Call No. 397, Nay. Roll Call No. 398, Yea. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Wege of Council Bluffs, Iowa who recently retired as a member of the Citizen’s Police Advisory Board of Council Bluffs. The Citizen’s Police Advisory Board acts as a liaison to strengthen relationships between the citizens of Council Bluffs and the local Police Department. Bob has served on the Advisory Board for over 30 years. When Bob retired in 1984 from the U.S. Army he knew he wanted to do something for his community. He became a member of the Citizen’s Police Advisory Board because it had a history of loyalty and structure similar to the U.S. Army. He served five different police chiefs while serving on the Advisory Board. Mr. Wege said he could remember something that President Lyndon Johnson had said, ‘‘Law enforcement cannot succeed without the sustained and informed interest of all citizens.’’ When he read this statement, Bob knew this was something he could do for his community. Bob was raised in Norfolk, Nebraska and attended Norfolk High School. There he met his future wife, Mary Ann, and they married in 1948. Bob joined the U.S. Army later that year and spent the next 36 years serving our country. Bob has not asked for any special recognition but has been motivated by his desire to serve his nation and his community. I commend and congratulate Bob Wege for his service to our country and his commitment and dedication to Council Bluffs, Iowa. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Bob Wege for his service and wish him the very best in the future. 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARK MCCARTNEY OF THE LEESBURG POLICE DEPARTMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge Mark McCartney, the Master Police Officer of the Leesburg Police Department, for his many years of service to the community of Loudoun County. Mr. McCartney has been a part of the Leesburg Police since August 1986, and his many years of service have been hallmarked with distinctions worthy of such a dedicated officer who will soon be retiring exactly 30 years after he first started. Mark began his police training in 1985 when he was enrolled in the Municipal Police Academy of the Indiana University of Pennsylvania, and then subsequently attended the 64th session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Academy. He served the following 10 years as a patrol officer before being promoted to the rank of corporal in 1989. He was furthermore a motorcycle officer for 18 years during which he investigated countless road accidents, and was a member of the Crash Reconstruction Unit. More notably still, Officer McCartney also acted as the sniper for the Special Operations Team, whilst also returning to the North Virginia Criminal Justice Academy as a radar instructor. He was decorated as Master Police Officer in 2003. Officer McCartney has gone beyond his duty throughout his years of service as evidenced by his exemplary record, and this record has not gone unseen. Indeed, Mark McCartney has been honored with multiple awards throughout his career including that of Officer of the Year, the Loudoun County Chamber Life Saving Award, and of course the Leesburg Police Outstanding Service Award. This is a man who deserves all our thanks and gratitude for all that he has done for our community. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to congratulate Officer McCartney for his service, and to join me in wishing him a happiness and fortune in his future endeavors. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an outstanding man, distinguished medical professional and special friend, Dr. Pravinchandra H. Patel, MD in his union of holy matrimony with Ms. June Cassman. They exchanged nuptials on Saturday, June 25, 2016, in San Francisco, California and the wedding will be followed by a reception as well as a traditional Garba and Raas ceremony, which will take place at the Columbus, Georgia Convention and Trade Center on Saturday, July 9, 2016. Pravinchandra, or ‘‘P.H.’’, as he is known by his loved ones, is an extraordinary physician who specializes in Gastroenterology and Internal Medicine. P.H. graduated from Kasturba Medical College in 1979. He went on to intern at the Jewish Hospital For Chronic Diseases in 1982, and then attended Eastern Tennessee State University College of Medicine where he completed both his residency (in 1984) and his fellowship (in 1987). He is now one of the leading physicians at Gastrointestinal Diseases, Inc. in Columbus, Georgia. Dr. Patel’s gastrointestinal practice serves as a primary source of professional care for digestive diseases in the Columbus area. He has provided extraordinary medical care to the patients in the Chattahoochee Valley Area for more than 34 years. Moreover, Dr. Patel is an exemplary entrepreneur and philanthropist. Having immigrated to the United 
States from India, Dr. Patel nevertheless retains his cultural and religious heritage. His luxurious home is designed, decorated, and furnished with authentic materials, art and other decor imported from India. Indeed his wedding celebration will include the traditional Garba and Raas ceremony. Dr. Pravinchandra H. Patel is truly a man of achievement, service and public distinction and will certainly be complemented in his life and career going forward by his union with his new wife, June. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join my wife, Vivian and me, along with more than 730,000 citizens of the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia, in congratulating Dr. Pravinchandra H. Patel, MD and his new wife, June, on their marriage and continued service to their community. They are so deserving of this magical moment and a lifetime of happiness to follow. May love reign in their lives forever. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, in the Spring 2016 edition of ReVista Magazine, Gene Palumbo has written a beautiful remembrance of Salvadoran Archbishop Oscar Romero, who was assassinated in 1980 and recently beatified in May 2015 in a moving ceremony that I was privileged to attend. I have known Gene Palumbo for over three decades. He first began reporting on the war in El Salvador in 1980, when he moved to El Salvador to continue covering the civil war over the next twelve years. I remember speaking to him frequently when I traveled to El Salvador during those turbulent times, and I have always valued his insights and knowledge of the people, institutions and internal dynamics of that country. Gene has reported for the New York Times, National Public Radio, the Canadian Broadcasting Company, and most frequently, for the National Catholic Reporter. He teaches at the Casa de la Solidaridad, a semesterlong study abroad program for U.S. university students in San Salvador. Gene’s reporting continues to inform and inspire me. This moving tribute to Archbishop Romero reflects the hope Gene continues to have in El Salvador’s future. I urge all my colleagues to read and reflect on the life of the martyred and blessed Oscar Romero and the dedication of Gene Palumbo, who continues to write about the challenges facing the Salvadoran people. 
EL SALVADOR ’’ (By Gene Palumbo) SANSALVADOR .—Fr. Paul Schindler remembers the day when Oscar Romero sat beside him, trembling. Romero knew he wasn’t among friends. The scene was a clergy meeting in early 1977, and many of the priests were furious: a man they’d clashed with—Romero—had just been named as the new archbishop. As the meeting was ending, Romero—who hadn’t yet been installed—was asked if he’d like to say a few words. For all Schindler knew, they would be the last words he’d ever hear from Romero. Discouraged at the prospect of working under someone he was unsure of, Schindler had told his bishop back in Cleveland that he’d decided to return home after eight years of parish work in El Salvador. ‘‘He walked to the front of the room and began to speak,’’ said Schindler, ‘‘and after a half hour, I said to myself, ‘I’m not going anywhere.’’’ It was Schindler’s first glimpse of something that, until then, had been unknown to him and many others: Romero had begun to change. Earlier, in his years as an auxiliary bishop in San Salvador, many had regarded him as too docile, too accepting of a social order which, they felt, cried out for change. Then, in 1974, he was named bishop of Santiago de Maria, a rural diocese where government repression was widespread, and where, while Romero was bishop, the first massacres of peasants took place. His three years there affected him deeply. Those were the years when Eva Menjı ´var came to know him. She was one of many nuns who, in the 1960s, left their convents in San Salvador and went to work in rural parishes that had no priests. She was assigned to Ciudad Barrios, the small town in eastern El Salvador where Romero was born and grew up. The town was located in the Santiago de Maria diocese, and by the time Romero was named bishop there, Menjı´var and her fellow sisters had catechetical and literacy programs underway, and were offering job training in sewing and auto mechanics. Menjı´var says that when people invited Romero to visit their farflung hamlets, he almost always accepted. She recalls an occasion when residents of one of those hamlets staged a play for him, a play they had written about several Gospel parables. Afterward, they spoke about what the parables meant to them. At the end they turned to Romero and—as one might ask an expert—said, tell us what these parables really mean. His reply, Menjı´var recalls, was, ‘‘I have nothing to add. I’ve learned more about the Bible today than I did when I studied it in the seminary in Rome.’’ ‘‘We had never seen a bishop draw near to the people the way he did,’’ says Menjı ´var. ‘‘He’d greet them all, try to speak with them all, and when they had questions for him, he was happy to try to answer them.’’ Schindler’s experience was similar. ‘‘Whenever I’d invite him—and not just to the main church, but to the rural villages—he would come. He was always there with the people. That was his whole thing: to walk with them, to feel with them, to inspire them.’’ Menjı´var recalls the sisters’ monthly retreats with Romero, and the time in late 1976 when, informed that the National Guard had arrested two teenage catechists in Ciudad Barrios, he went there immediately to demand their release. To ensure that they wouldn’t be rearrested, he took them back to Santiago de Maria where he listened to their accounts of being tortured. Menjı´var was later transferred to a parish near the town of Aguilares. There she worked with Jesuit Fr. Rutilio Grande, whose sainthood process is now underway. On the evening of March 12, 1977, she was at Mass when she was handed a note saying that Grande had disappeared. She went straight to Aguilares and, upon arriving, learned that he had been murdered along with an elderly campesino and a teenager. Grande and Romero had become close friends in the late 1960s, when both were living at the seminary in San Salvador. When Romero was named bishop in 1970, he asked Grande to preside at his installation ceremony. In the following four years—up until the time he left for Santiago de Maria—Romero had bitter disputes with priests in the archdiocese, and when, to their dismay, he was named archbishop in 1977, it was Grande who stood up for him. ‘‘Rutilio said to us, ‘Yes, he’s conservative. But he’s honest, and he’s someone you can work with’’’ said Fr. Pedro Declercq, a Belgian missionary whose work with grassroots Christian communities led to the bombing of his parish. Declercq didn’t have to wait long to see how much Romero had changed. They’d had an ugly falling out in 1972, when his parishioners invited Romero to visit them to say Mass and explain why he had justified, on behalf of the bishops conference, a military invasion of the National University. The army had wounded some people, arrested others, and evicted people whose homes were on the university’s campus. The discussion between Romero and the parishioners began at the homily, but quickly turned into a shouting match, with Declercq finally tearing off his vestments and saying the Mass was over. When Romero returned to San Salvador as archbishop, he visited the parish again. As recounted by Sister Noemı´Ortiz in Maria Lo´pez Vigil’s Monsen˜or Romero: Memories in Mosaic, [Romero] brought up [the earlier incident] as soon as he got there. ‘‘We couldn’t even celebrate the Eucharist that afternoon . . . We were insulting each other. . . . Do you remember? I remember it well and today, as your pastor, I want to say that I now understand what happened that day, and here before you I recognize my error. ‘‘I was wrong and you were right. That day you taught me about faith and about the Church. Please forgive me for everything that happened then.’’ Well, all of us, young and old, started crying . . . We broke into applause, and our applause melted into the music of the party. . . . All was forgiven. On the night of Grande’s death, Menjı ´var was sitting beside his corpse, using a towel to absorb the blood that was trickling out, when Romero arrived at the parish. She said Romero approached the corpse and, after standing in silence for several moments, said, ‘‘If we don’t change now, we never will.’’ Jesuit Fr. Jon Sobrino, a prominent liberation theologian, was at the parish that night, and answered the door when Romero knocked. Earlier Romero had criticized Sobrino’s writings on Christology; later, as archbishop, he would consult Sobrino when preparing his pastoral letters. Sobrino says that after Romero himself was murdered, ‘‘people began speaking of him as an exceptional person and Christian. In the funeral Mass we held for him at the UCA (Central American University), Ignacio Ellacur´ia said, ‘In Archbishop Romero, God passed through El Salvador’ The people spontaneously proclaimed him a saint’’ (In 1989, Fr. Ellacurı´a, along with five other Jesuits and two women, was murdered at the UCA.) When Pope Francis ratified Romero’s status as a martyr, Schindler said, ‘‘The people in the parish have been waiting and waiting for this. They hold him as a saint, and they’ve always held him as a saint, and now that the pronouncement has been made, they’re going to be overwhelmed.’’ Menjı´var said that when she heard the news, ‘‘I felt great joy—and at the same time, I thought to myself, I hope this will be the occasion for those who killed him to be converted.’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on July 7, 2016, my vote on roll call 394 was recorded as ‘‘nay’’ due to an inadvertent error. I intended to vote ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 394. 
IN OPPOSITION TO RULE ON MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 AND CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Rule for this very important reason. I oppose the rule because we should instead be devoting our time, attention, and energy to passing legislation to address the epidemic of gun violence and keeps the most dangerous weapons out of the hands of the most dangerous persons and potential terrorists. Mr. Speaker, we should instead be debating and voting on ‘‘No Fly, No Buy’’ legislation to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists and H.R. 1217, the ‘‘Public Safety & Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015,’’ sponsored by Congressman PETER  KING of New York and Congressman M IKE THOMPSON of California, which expands and strengthens the firearms transfer background check system. Less than a month ago, on June 12, our nation was horrified and heartbroken by the heinous act of terror and hatred that claimed the lives of 49 innocent persons and wounded many more in Orlando, Florida, the deadliest mass shooting in the history of our country. Our hearts still grieve over a loss so overwhelming and senseless. Mass shootings have become too common in our country and we owe it to the victims of gun violence—from Orlando to Charleston to Aurora to Chattanooga to Fort Hood and more—to keep weapons intended for military use out of the hands of persons who would use them to massacre civilians. Mr. Speaker, the statistics are grim. In 2015, 13,286 people were killed in the United States by firearms and 26,819 people were injured; In 2015 there were 372 mass shootings in the United States, including 64 school shootings at elementary and secondary schools; More than 700 children have lost their lives to gun violence in the first 160 days of 2015; On average, 7 children and adolescents lose their lives to gun violence each day, 75 percent of which are under the age of 12 years old; So many people die annually from gun violence in the United States that the death toll between 1968 and 2011 eclipses the total lives lost in all the armed conflicts in the history of the United States; Mr. Speaker, let me briefly recount some of the gun violence carnage that claimed the lives of more than 300,000 persons during the period 2005–2015: 1. On June 7, 2015, a gunman shot and killed nine people at the Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, one of the oldest and largest black congregations in the South; 2. On November 11, 2009, at Fort Hood, near Killeen, Texas, a gunman shot and killed 13 people, and wounded 30 others; 3. On August 5, 2012 in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, a gunman shot and killed six people, and injured three others, at the Sikh Temple of Oak Creek; 4. On July 7, 2015 in Chattanooga, Tennessee a gunman shot and killed five people, including two U.S. Marines and a Naval Officer, and shot and injured two others at a recruiting center and U.S. Naval Reserve Center; 5. On December 2, 2015 in San Bernardino, California, two gunmen killed 14 people and injured 21 others at the Inland Regional Center; 6. On December 14, 2012, a gunman murdered 26 persons, including 20 children and 6 school administrators and teachers, at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut; 7. On April 16, 2007, a gunman killed 32 persons and injured 17 others at Virginia Tech University in Blacksburg, Virginia; and 8. On August 8, 2015, a gunman brutally murdered his exgirlfriend and her six children and husband in one of the most notorious cases of domestic violence in the history of Houston, Texas; Nearly 100 metropolitan areas have experienced mass shootings like these since 2013. Mass shootings occur more frequently in states that do not require background checks for all gun sales and analyses of mass shootings in the United States between 2009 and 2015 document that the majority of mass shootings occur in venues where the carrying of firearms is not restricted. In states that require background checks for all handgun sales, including guns offered in unlicensed sales online and at gun shows, there are 52 percent fewer mass shootings. Congress has observed 25 moments of silence honoring victims of mass shootings since the December 14, 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, but has not enacted or even brought up for debate and vote a single gun violence prevention measure. That is why I have introduced H.R. 5470, the ‘‘Stop Mass Killings by Violent Terrorists Act,’’ which will prohibit a firearms dealer from transferring a semiautomatic assault weapon or large capacity ammunition clips to a purchaser until the Attorney General has verified that the prospective transferee has truthfully answered new questions on the firearms background check questionnaire regarding contacts between the prospective purchaser or transferee and federal law enforcement authorities. H.R. 5470 complements many of the gun violence prevention and antiterrorism bills I have introduced in this and previous Congresses, including the ‘‘No Fly For Foreign Fighters Act’’ (H.R. 4240), which passed the House earlier this year and is pending in the Senate. I am pleased that Republican Senator SUSAN COLLINS , along with her colleagues Senator LINDSAY GRAHAM and others, have introduced bipartisan legislation this week that will ban the sale of guns to anyone who appears on the government’s NoFly list, or the selectee list, a list which includes names of people who require additional security at airports. Clearly, if you’re too dangerous to get on a plane, you’re too dangerous to buy a gun. On average gun violence claims the lives of 90 persons each day. Since 1968, more than a million persons have died at the hand of a gun. The homicide rate in the United States is about 6.9 times higher than the combined rate in 22 other populous highlydeveloped countries, despite similar nonlethal crime and violence rates. Mr. Speaker, we can reduce the incidence of mass shootings like the ones that occurred in San Bernardino, Newtown, and Orlando by making it more difficult for those who would do our people and communities harm to obtain automatic assault weapons and high capacity ammunition magazines more difficult, or better yet, by banning them altogether. And a good place to start is for the House to reject this Rule and bring to the floor for debate and vote H.R. 1217, the Public Safety & Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015,’’ and the bill I have introduced with Congresswoman CORRINE BROWN , whose congressional district includes Orlando’s Pulse Nightclub, H.R. 5470, the ‘‘Stop Mass Killings by Violent Terrorists Act.’’ 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2016 PANORAMA HIGH SCHOOL BOYS GOLF TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Panorama Boys Golf Team for winning for the 2016 Iowa Boys 2A State Golf Tournament. I would like to congratulate each member of the Team: Players: Reid Cobb, Aaron Kling, Will Babcock, George Appleseth, Max Monthei and Adam Hackfort Coaches: Hal Rossow and Dave Van Ahn Mr. Speaker, the example set by these students and their coaches demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating these young men for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all continued success. 
RECOGNIZING THE EXPANSION OF THE FRESNO COUNTY HISTORICAL MUSEUM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the grand opening of the Fresno 
County Historical Museum, an expansion of the awardwinning Big Fresno Fair Museum. The Fresno County Historical Museum will provide the opportunity for many individuals to learn about the diverse and rich history of Fresno County. The first phase of the Fresno County Historical Museum was initially opened to the public during the 2015 Big Fresno Fair, and will be expanded to include an additional 7,000 square feet of exhibit space. This space will serve to highlight historical items in both permanent and temporary displays from the Fresno Police Department, Fresno Fire Department, Fresno Athletic Hall of Fame, Sheriff’s Office, Fresno Historical Society, Legion of Valor, the Fresno County Farm Bureau, and many more. The Fresno County Historical Museum is one of the largest capital improvement projects in years at the Fresno Fair Grounds. It will reflect the diverse communities that call Fresno County home by commemorating Mono Indian, Armenian, and Japanese American histories and the positive impact they have had on our county. Displays will pay tribute to the famed inhabitants of our county through photography, artifacts, and memorabilia. For example, the museum will provide the first permanent venue for the Fresno Athletic Hall of Fame that will showcase photos and sports memorabilia of its 300 inductees, including the late beloved coach Jerry Tarkanian, U.S. Olympic softball medalist Laura Berg, and Major League Baseball player Frank LeRoy Chance. In addition, other exhibits are planned to honor notable members of Fresno County, including the famed Oscar and Pulitzerprize winning author, William Saroyan. The Fresno County Historical Museum is a place for the community to learn more about the county’s past, and to further appreciate what makes Fresno County the great place it is. It is an honor to celebrate this momentous occasion with the Big Fresno Fair Board of Directors, The Fresno County Historical Society, and the community members through Fresno County who have made this museum a reality. Without the unwavering commitment of these individuals, projects and facilities such as the Fresno County Historical Museum would not be possible. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Fresno County Historical Museum expansion to the Big Fresno Fair Museum. This museum will allow the residents of Fresno County to learn and appreciate the rich history of our Valley for many generations to come. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Major General Augustus L. Collins, the adjutant general of Mississippi, for his service to the Mississippi National Guard. General Collins announced his retirement July 5, 2016 and will be succeeded by Brigadier Gen. Janson D. Boyles on September 1, 2016. Currently overseeing the Mississippi Military Department and serving as the commander of the Mississippi Army and Air National Guard, Collins will retire his time in uniform after 35 years of loyal service to Mississippi and the United States. A Booneville, Mississippi native, General Collins was appointed as the adjutant general on January 11, 2012, by Governor Phil Bryant and is in charge of 12,275 Citizen Soldiers and Airmen. Collins’ career began in March 1977 as a private with the Mississippi Army National Guard’s Company B, 1st Battalion, 198th Armor Regiment. Several years later, in 1980, General Collins completed Officer Candidate School and served in command and staff positions on the company, battalion, and brigade levels. He also served on the adjutant general’s primary staff as a traditional and active Guard—Reserve Soldier. General Collins served on active duty in Operations Desert Shield and Storm, and commanded the 155th Armored Brigade Combat Team during Operation Iraqi Freedom from 2004–2006. This was the largest mobilization of troops from Mississippi since World War II. Collins was then promoted to brigadier general in May of 2005 in Iraq. In 2012, he was then appointed to his current position of adjutant general. Collins is a distinct and resilient leader that has worked alongside many soldiers, airmen and civilians. I thank him for his dedication to Mississippi and America over the last 35 years. He is an inductee into the University of Mississippi Alumni Hall of Fame and a 2006 inductee into the Mississippi Military Academy Officer Candidate School Hall of Fame. He is a highly decorated official, having earned prestigious awards from Mississippi as well as numerous nationally recognized awards. General Collins has an incomparable record of leadership and I sincerely appreciate his long standing efforts to protect the state and people of Mississippi. I would like to extend by best wishes to Major General Augustus L. Collins upon his retirement from the Mississippi National Guard and future endeavors. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge HeroHomes, a nonprofit organization in my district dedicated to providing veterans who have heroically served our country the satisfaction of owning their own homes, a solid foundation for a successful future, and the pride that comes with living independently. With all of the sacrifices that our veterans make preserving freedom and democracy for others, I can think of few causes that are nobler than helping these returning heroes reenter civilian life. Recently, HeroHomes was able to provide a new home for its first disabled veteran, Tony Porta. Tony was an Apache Helicopter pilot with over 2,500 hours of flight time from over 20 years of service, and had five tours of duty in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Unfortunately, in the process of carrying out his duties, he suffered a severe spinal injury and subsequently spent over two and a half years in the hospital while also suffering from PostTraumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD. Tony has more than fulfilled his duty and has sacrificed much for the sake of his country, and HeroHomes was there for him in his time of need. Their altruism is beyond measure and the institution has more than lived up to its motto ‘‘building houses, jobs, and community for those who have fought for the preservation of freedom and democracy for others’’. Following the sentiments of the organization’s founder, Jason Brownell, HeroHomes not only assists in providing homes for these brave veterans, but also settles them into a small town community setting. This foundation not only embodies charity and selflessness, but has helped to inspire it; with members of the community and local builders having volunteered to help make this initiative a reality. Mr. Speaker, the good men and women that make up this institution exemplify a spirit of comradery that makes America truly great. I would encourage my colleagues to join me in thanking all of our servicemen and women that have sacrificed much in defense of our nation, and HeroHomes for their impassioned care of our heroes when they return home. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 8, 2016 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, through the following statement, I am making my financial net worth as of March 31, 2016, a matter of public record. I have filed similar statements for each of the thirtyseven preceding years I have served in the Congress. 
REAL PROPERTY  Single family residence at 609 Ft. Williams Parkway, City of Alexandria, Virginia, at assessed valuation. (Assessed at $1,441,186). Ratio of assessed to market value: 100% (Unencumbered): $1,441,186.00. Condominium at N76 W14726 North Point Drive, Village of Menomonee Falls, Waukesha County, Wisconsin, at assessor’s estimated market value. (Unencumbered): $138,000.00. Undivided 25/44ths interest in single family Residence at N52 W32654 Maple Lane, Village of Chenequa, Waukesha County, Wisconsin, at 25/44ths of assessor’s estimated market value of $1,503,400: $854,204.55. Total Real Property: $2,433,390.55. 
Common & preferred stock # of shares per share Value 
Common & preferred stock # of shares per share Value 
Northwestern Mutual #00 ............. 12,000.00 125,351.31 Northwestern Mutual #61 ............. 30,000.00 301,618.36 Massachusetts Mutual #75 .......... 10,000.00 18,091.39 Massachusetts Mutual #44 .......... 100,000.00 487,331.73 American General Life Ins. #59L .. 175,000.00 41,033.09 Life insurance policies Face $ Surrender $ 
Liabilities: None. Total liabilities: 0.00. Net worth: $12,033,165.96. STATEMENT OF 2015 TAXES PAID 
I further declare that I am trustee of a trust established under the will of my late father, Frank James Sensenbrenner, Sr., for the benefit of my sister, Margaret A. Sensenbrenner, and of my two sons, F. James Sensenbrenner, III, and Robert Alan Sensenbrenner. I am further the direct beneficiary of five trusts, but have no control over the assets of either trust. My wife, Cheryl Warren Sensenbrenner, and I are trustees of separate trusts established for the benefit of each son. Also, I am neither an officer nor a director of any corporation organized under the laws of the State of Wisconsin or of any other state or foreign country. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER , Jr., Member of Congress. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4:00 p.m., on Monday, July 11, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 public bills, H.R. 5684–5706; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 815–816 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 985, to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–671); and H.R. 3250, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent the abuse of dextromethorphan, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–672).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Hultgren to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Recess: The House recessed at 9:01 a.m. and reconvened at 10:16 a.m..
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017—Motion to Go to Conference: The House agreed by voice vote to the Thornberry motion to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, with the House amendment thereto, insist on the House amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon.
                                                                   Page H4554 Later, the Chair appointed the following conferees: From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Thornberry, Forbes, Miller (FL), Wilson (SC), LoBiondo, Bishop (UT), Turner, Kline, Rogers (AL), Franks (AZ), Shuster, Conaway, Lamborn, Wittman, Gibson, Hartzler, Heck (NV), Stefanik, Smith (WA), Loretta Sanchez (CA), Davis (CA), Langevin, Larsen of Washington, Cooper, Bordallo, Courtney, Tsongas, Garamendi, Johnson (GA), Speier, and Peters. From the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Representatives Nunes, Pompeo, and Schiff. From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of secs. 571–74 and 578 of the Senate bill, and secs. 571, 573, 1098E, and 3512 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Walberg, Guthrie, and Scott (VA). From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 3112 and 3123 of the Senate bill, and secs. 346, 601, 749, 1045, 1090, 1095, 1673, 3119A, and 3119C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Latta, Johnson (OH), and Pallone. From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 828, 1006, 1007, 1050, 1056, 1089, 1204, 1211, 1221–23, 1231, 1232, 1242, 1243, 1247, 1252, 1253, 1255–58, 1260, 1263, 1264, 1271–73, 1276, 1283, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, and 1662 of the Senate bill, and secs. 926, 1011, 1013, 1083, 1084, 1098K, 1099B, 1099C, 1201, 
Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016: The House agreed to the conference report to accompany S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, by a yea andnay vote of 407 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 399. 
H. Res. 803, the rule providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 524) was agreed to yesterday, July 7th. National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017: The House agreed to the Thornberry motion to close portions of the conference on the bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, at such times as classified national security information may be broached, by a yeaandnay vote of 397 yeas to 14 nays, Roll No. 400.
Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R 1777, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President.
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, July 11th for Morning Hour debate.
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on pages H4563–64. Senate Referral: S. 2340 was held at the desk. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yeaand nay votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4561 and H4562. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:41 p.m. 
THE ACA’S COST SHARING REDUCTION PROGRAM: RAMIFICATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATION’S DECISION ON THE SOURCE OF FUNDING FOR THE CSR PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The ACA’s Cost Sharing Reduction Program: Ramifications of the Administration’s Decision on the Source of Funding for the CSR Program’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. CONTRACTING FAIRNESS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Government Operations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting Fairness’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Benghazi: Full Committee held a business meeting to consider Report of the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi. The Report of the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi was ordered reported. This meeting was closed. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4992, the ‘‘United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5119, the ‘‘No 2 H2O from Iran Act’’; H.R. 5631, to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5538, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, July 11 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5293, Department of Defense Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, July 11 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1066, E1073 Bost, Mike, Ill., E1073 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E1070 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1066 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1069 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1069 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1066, E1073, E1076 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1071, E1075 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E1071 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1071 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1065 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1069, E1069, E1073 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1065, E1069, E1075 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1066 Larson, John B., Conn., E1075 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1074 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1071 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E1069, E1070 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1071, E1076 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1070 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1072 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E1076 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1065 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1071 Young, David, Iowa, E1065, E1069, E1070, E1071, E1073, E1075 Young, Todd C., Ind., E1073 