Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, a little over a week and a half ago, my colleagues and I came to the House floor. We came to the floor to protest the inaction of this Republican Congress, the tyranny of the majority, to act on gun violence prevention measures—their deliberate inaction in the face of 33,000 deaths caused by gun violence every year. We came to demand substantive action to address our country’s epidemic of gun violence. Yet, today we will be presented with legislation promoted by the NRA that fails to address this serious problem. H.R. 4237 does not close or otherwise address the terror gap that allows known or suspected terrorists in the United States to legally buy guns. Instead, this bill handicaps law enforcement, creating an impossibly burdensome process and allowing terrorists to take advantage of the Charleston loophole. In fact, H.R. 4237 doesn’t just leave the loophole open, which led to the loss of nine lives at the Emanuel AME Church, it reinforces it and the terror gap. Under this legislation, to prevent the transfer of a firearm, the government will be required to file an emergency petition, schedule a hearing, provide the suspect with notice and counsel, and win the hearing all within 72 hours of the attempted purchase. And even if the government is able to win the hearing, it can only prevent the transfer if the court finds that the suspected terrorist committed, attempted to, or will commit an act of terrorism. Put another way, the government can only prevent a gun sale to a suspected terrorist if they can arrest the person for terrorist activity within 3 days of an attempted purchase. Ultimately, this legislation does not provide any meaningful safeguards to prevent terrorists from purchasing guns. Sadly, it is nothing more than a political tactic to avoid responsibility, a contrived effort to look busy and feign concern while thousands of Americans lose their lives to gun violence. The American people are smarter than this. We have a moral responsibility to do something meaningful. The American people demand that we do more, that we do something, that we do anything to help prevent another mass tragedy in this country. Make no mistake, this legislation falls short of a goodfaith effort to save lives. The GAO found that individuals on the terrorist watch list were able to pass a background check and legally purchase a firearm 2,043 times between February of 2004 and December of 2014. The FBI was only able to prevent 10 percent of these purchases. As we all, unfortunately, learned on June 12, when we fail to prevent dangerous individuals from getting their hands on guns, we put the lives of Americans at risk. But there is legislation that the House can consider that will reduce gun violence. First, H.R. 1076, the no fly, no buy bill, would effectively close the terror gap by providing the Department of Justice with the discretion to block gun sales to terrorist suspects. It will preserve due process for individuals who were mistakenly listed to appeal their denial. Second, H.R. 1217 would implement universal background checks for all commercial gun sales. It is a measure supported by the overwhelming majority of the American people. And empirical research shows that universal background checks for all handgun sales have lowered levels of gun violence in those States where that occurs. Nationally, 34 percent of gun sales and 40 percent of all gun transfers occur without a background check. b1215 This legislation would represent an important step toward closing this loophole and reducing gun violence. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to bring these two bills to the floor, to respond to the demands of the American people, to do something about the pandemic of gun violence, to do something meaningful that will actually reduce gun violence in this country and protect the American people, as we are sworn to do. I know I speak for all of my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus. We will continue to fight in every way that we can until we can persuade our Republican colleagues to bring these bills to the floor, to do something about the carnage of mass gun violence in this country. 
AMERICANS WANT CONGRESS TO PASS MEANINGFUL GUN LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, Americans want Congress to pass meaningful legislation that will actually keep guns out of dangerous hands. So what is our majority doing? They are bringing up a bill that was not only drafted by the gun lobby, but 
that makes it nearly impossible to block gun sales to suspected terrorists. That is shameful. The American people deserve a Congress that is willing to stand up to the gun lobby and do what it takes to help keep our communities safe. Congress has a responsibility to listen to the people who we are supposed to represent, to put partisan politics aside, and to bring up commonsense, bipartisan legislation to keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them: suspected terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. And the American people want those bills brought up now. More than 30 people are killed every day by someone using a gun. We can’t afford to allow more innocent lives to be lost to gun violence. Just a few weeks ago, 49 innocent people were shot to death in the worst mass shooting our country has ever seen. Sadly, this isn’t an insulated case. It has now been 3
1⁄2years since the tragedy at Sandy Hook took the lives of 20 elementary school kids and six educators, but for reasons that I will never understand, that horrific tragedy wasn’t enough to convince the Republican leadership that something—something—needs to be done to prevent the next tragedy. Let me give you some numbers: Three and a half, that is how many years it has been since Sandy Hook; 34,000, that is the number of people who have been killed by someone using a gun since Sandy Hook; 1,182, that is the number of mass shootings that have taken place since Sandy Hook; 520, that is the number of days the House has been in session; 30, the moments of silence that we have observed on this House floor because of gun violence. Most important, zero. Zero. That is the number of votes that this House has taken to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. What is the majority so afraid of? Is their fear greater than the fear of those young kids at Sandy Hook, or those parishioners in Charleston, or those young people at the nightclub in Orlando? It is long past time for the House to give us a vote on meaningful legislation to make sure that terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill don’t have easy access to guns in our country. There is bipartisan legislation that would prohibit those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list from being able to purchase firearms, and I have authored legislation, which has bipartisan support, to require background checks for all commercial gun sales. Background checks are our first line of defense when it comes to stopping dangerous people from getting firearms. They work. Every day more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives are stopped from buying a gun because of background checks. But in 34 States, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill can bypass the background check by purchasing guns online, at a gun show, or through an ad in the paper. This is a dangerous loophole that needs to be closed, and it needs to be closed now. The bill has 186 bipartisan coauthors. Bring our bill up for a vote. There is absolutely no reason why anyone should oppose this background check bill. Not only is it bipartisan, it respects the Second Amendment rights of lawabiding citizens. I am a gun guy. I own guns. I support the Second Amendment. If this bill did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on it. All this background check bill does is require that folks pass a background check before purchasing guns online, at a gun show, or through an ad. Plain and simple. It does nothing to infringe on the Second Amendment right of lawabiding citizens to own firearms. This debate on background checks isn’t a choice between either protecting the Second Amendment or reducing gun violence. It is about the willingness of a responsible majority to do both. If there is one thing we should all be able to agree on, it is that suspected terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill shouldn’t have guns. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. Bring up H.R. 1076: bipartisan, effective, no fly, no buy legislation. And bring up H.R. 1217: bipartisan background check legislation. Mass shootings followed by moments of silence and no action cannot become America’s new normal. We need to vote, and we need to vote now. 
INACTION IS NOT AN OPTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, with over 30 Americans killed by a gun every single day, for far too long I have been saying that inaction is not an option. Yet, in my 3plus years in Congress, House Republicans have refused to do anything on gun violence. This week’s lackluster, Beltway, biggun lobbywritten bill is the only gun vote this Congress has had. Why is it that when our country was facing a horrific opioid epidemic, we empowered our local, State, and Federal governments with the resources necessary to combat this issue? And why is it that when a terrorist boarded a plane with a bomb in his shoe, we passed legislation that makes passengers remove their shoes when they go through airport security? Yet, after countless mass shootings and daily violence in the streets of Chicago, Newark, and Baltimore, we do nothing. Many of us here today are still rightfully discussing the horrible 49 deaths in Orlando a few weeks ago, but I would like to share two other statistics with you about gun violence since Orlando. During our honorable colleague, Senator CHRIS MURPHY ’s 15hour filibuster, 48 people in America were shot. Forty eight people in 15 hours. In Chicago, the last month has seen 79 people lose their lives to gun violence. Seventy nine lost souls: Fabian Lavinder; Kevin Montell Atkins, Jr.; Victor Felix; Marshawn Clinkscale; Kaysar Chako; Joseph Harden; Jamaal Bellamy; Christian Bandemer; Daniel Alcantara; Anthony Howard; Darnell Hardeman; William Palmer; Kori O. Sellers; Dontay Murray, Jr.; Donkel Riley; Anreco Nichols; Sami Salaymeh; Victor Sanders; Lewis Johnson; Lanarris Webster; Dawson Stephan; Paul Webster; Terry Bates, Jr.; Jeremy Ray; Fatimah Muhammed; Travell Montgomery; Timothy Boyd; Christopher Fields; Javil Nunn; Antwon Brooks; Dwayne Triplett; Jordan Liggins; Davion Barron; Adrian Watson; Antoine Randle; Steven Edwards; William Sandifer; Antonio Perkins; Jeremy Rodgers; Denzel Thornton; Angelo Davis; Demetrius Archer; Marshaun Jackson; Victor Robinson; Melvin Cook; Charles Wiley; Latrell McMahon; Eric Knox; Eric Smith; Margaret Shanahan; Alejandro Rosas; Michael A. Brown; Carlton Hall; Salvador Suarez; Otis Richmond; Eugene Singleton; Ramal Hicks; Amari Catchings; Stanley Boston; Jessica Hampton; Eric Burgin; Trevell Parker; Jeremy Clark; Brandon Nolls; Reginald Turner; Trayvon Wilson; Wondale Collier; Selton Ellis; Frederick Johnson; Lonnie King; Kentrail McCray; Alfondia Kelly; Matusalem Gutierrez; Darrell Guy, Jr.; Marshawn Hilson; Chanda Foreman; Robert Vaughn; Kenneth Whitaker; Hector Badillo, Jr.; and Willie Pittman. We were led during our sitin 2 weeks ago by an icon, Congressman JOHN LEWIS, and I was very, very, very proud to participate and would do it again. He is fond of referencing a dream he shared with his mentor, a mentor of many of us, Dr. King, the dream of the Beloved Community, a place where people of all races, creeds, religions, and gender identification can live together in peace. Certainly there is no place for assault rifles in the Beloved Community. There is no place for gun rights for terrorists in the Beloved Community. There is no place for gun rights for criminals and the dangerously mentally ill in the Beloved Community. In the Beloved Community, no child has to live a life where going to the park risks them from being mowed down by a stray bullet. I will keep fighting and speaking out until we honor these victims’ lives with action, not with moments of silence. 
WE HAVE TO MAKE A DECISION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS) for 5 minutes. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, in the month of June, 22 people were murdered by guns in Los Angeles. The oldest person 
was 46, and the youngest was 3. On one day alone, June 11, eight people were killed. We all know the statistics: every 24 hours, 30 people are killed in the United States by guns. The leading cause of paralysis is gun violence. People around the Nation have demanded action from Congress. When I returned to my district after the protest, I was met with cheers and standing ovations. People said, Finally, finally they saw us act. Finally, they saw us fight. Fight against the NRA, which has a stranglehold on Congress. My constituents reflect the over 90 percent of the U.S. public that is demanding that we act and pass legislation to address the carnage from gun violence. I am proud to say that the State legislature in California has acted. Now Congress needs to act. The Governor signed five bills recently passed by the legislature. In California it is now against the law to possess ammunition magazines that hold more than 10 rounds. Background checks are now required to purchase ammunition. The Governor signed bills that ban bullet buttons designed to make it easy to detach a magazine and reload, a creative idea from gun manufacturers to get around the assault weapon ban when it was in effect. Other bills signed by the Governor prohibit the lending of guns to family members who have not completed background checks, and people who knowingly make false reports about the loss or theft of a gun cannot possess firearms for 10 years. The bills were signed too late to have saved the 22 people who died in Los Angeles, but I have no doubt that these laws will help reduce death and injury from gun violence. I am proud California is setting an example for the Nation, and it is my hope after the tremendous public response and demand that we act, that we pass sensible legislation to bring an end to the deaths and injuries. It is very difficult to explain to constituents how someone considered too dangerous to purchase an airline ticket is not too dangerous to buy a gun. The no fly, no buy legislation authored by Republican Representative PETER KINGis a modest piece of legislation that is really a first step. All of us are clear, much more needs to be done: comprehensive background checks, closing the gun show loophole. My Republican colleagues argue that we don’t need any new laws, we just need to enforce the ones we already have, but then hypocritically claim the President is overstepping his authority when he increases resources to the ATF so that they can modernize their technology to address Internet sales. The last time serious legislation was passed, the Internet didn’t exist. The shooter who killed the nine churchgoers in South Carolina might have been blocked from purchasing a weapon, but his background check wasn’t processed in time. Three days or you get your gun. Without the staffing and the technology, 3 days is almost impossible; and although he shouldn’t have had a gun because of a prior arrest, he was able to purchase anyway. As a nation, at some point we have to make a decision. The decision is ours. As a legislative body, we have to decide who rules this place. Is it a handful of industries that dictate what we do? I can name just a few industries that cause my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to vote however the industry decides, not their constituents. If they voted with their constituents who, poll after poll, say 85 percent of Republicans support sensible gun control. They vote the way an industry dictates or they face the consequences of an independent expenditure campaign and an opponent. In memory of the following people who were killed in one day in Los Angeles, I mention their names: June 11, Jesus Alfredo Duran, 31 years old; June 11, Eddie Hernandez, 22 years old; June 11, Stephanie Gonzalez, 17 years old; June 11, Kimberly Gonzalez, Stephanie’s sister, 13 years old; June 11, Johnny Mark Elizalde, 27 years old; June 11, Juan Zataray, 43 years old; June 11, Jose Rene Espinoza, 46 years old; June 11, Cynthia Ambriz, 19 years old. f 
b1230 WE NEED MEANINGFUL GUN LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, when this House last convened, a number of us were willing to sit in, in order to stand up—to stand up to the gun lobby, to stand up against gun violence. During our protest, House Republicans fled Washington, rather than face accountability on gun safety, leaving behind significant unfinished business. During the past week, many of us across the country have joined neighbors in a national day of action against gun violence. I joined over 100 people in San Antonio, gathering with Patricia Castillo with the P.E.A.C.E. Initiative, Jamie Ford with Moms Demand Action, and State Senator Jose Menendez. On a hot afternoon in Austin, Texas, more than 100 of us also gathered with Mayor Steve Adler, Andrea Brauer from Texas Gun Sense, members of the Austin City Council, State Representative Donna Howard, and other elected officials, all asking this Congress to respond to the horrific wave of gun carnage that threatens the security of our families. Each of these gatherings included powerful testimony from family tragedies and losses as a result of guns. After the mass murders in Orlando and San Bernardino, carried out by individuals professing a twisted version of Islam, the most obvious next step is to question why, if someone is too dangerous to get on an airplane with you, they ought to be able to buy as many assault weapons as they would like? And ask why, in Orlando, the law enforcement officials did not hear about assault weapon purchases of one person who had been on the terrorist watch list? One of the three modest bills about which we were sittingin would institute a nofly, nobuy restriction. The day after our protest, to their credit, four of our Republican colleagues here in the House, for the first time, introduced a version of a proposal to prohibit such gun purchases, but also to provide a means by which someone could get off the nofly list if they were on it improperly. This proposal copies verbatim one proposal that has been offered by Republican Senator SUSAN COLLINS . Hers is the only proposal pending in the United States Senate today that has not already been rejected. I think it is time for us to come together to unite behind this proposal. It is a modest step forward, but it is a step forward to address gun violence. Instead, we are told today that Speaker RYAN is, apparently, committed to blocking this bipartisan initiative and anything else that doesn’t have a seal of approval from the National Rifle Association. Apparently, the only provision on which we will be allowed to vote here in this House is a proposal that the Senate has already rejected. This isn’t action. It is theatrics. It is the appearance of the response to the concern of so many Americans for action on gun safety, without changing anything. Under this gun lobby proposal, in order to prevent a gun purchase, the Justice Department would be required to obtain a court order within 72 hours to prove probable cause that a person has ‘‘committed, conspired to commit, attempted to commit, or will commit an act of terrorism.’’ Well, if our law enforcement can do that, they should not only be preventing a person from acquiring a gun, they ought to be taking them to prison. So much attention has focused on the sitin on this floor, not enough has focused on the ‘‘siton.’’ I am talking about the Speaker, who sits on any legislation concerning gun violence, including that advanced by fellow Republicans, if it does not have approval of the gun lobby. We just celebrated Independence Day. How about the Republicans declaring independence from the gun lobby? Just once, in a very small, modest way declaring independence on a proposal that Republicans themselves have advanced—a few of them—to address more security for our families. The Republican leadership has tried so very desperately to avoid accountability on gun safety. They cut off these microphones. They fled the 
House in the middle of the night. Now they are cloaking themselves in an NRAapproved bill already rejected by the United States Senate that won’t keep weapons of war out of the hands of terrorists. Everyone who owns a gun knows that sometimes you need to keep the safety on that gun. I think it is time to put the safety back in gun safety legislation. It is time to engage in meaningful, real reform. 
ERSKINE FIRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, for nearly 2 weeks now, a wildfire has raged throughout my district. High heat, dry winds, and a long drought conspired together, enabling a fire that has burned tens of thousands of acres, hundreds of homes, and taken the lives of two people. I did not know Byron and Gladys McKaig personally, but I have heard about them and learned a small part of their story. They were good and loving people. They met in a church. He was an Episcopal priest and she played the organ. Byron would preach; Gladys would play. They helped their friends and each other grow closer to God. They died, it seems, from smoke. A neighbor said he spotted them, after the fire, lying out in front of their house near their fence. The trees were still burning. Byron looked as if he were shielding his wife from the coming flames. It was one last act of sacrifice for the woman he spent his life loving. Such people are a gift to everyone they meet. As our community struggles now to return to a sense of normalcy, faced with the immense task of rebuilding after so much loss, we have our firefighters, police officers, and first responders to thank that this disaster was not worse. For days, with little sleep and near exhaustion, they kept the flames at bay. They remind us how willingly some face danger to protect others. We are forever thankful to them. We continue to pray for those suffering from the loss of their businesses, their homes, their families, and their friends. Our community always has and always will stand strong in the face of disaster as we rebuild. 
PASS GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION AND GIVE D.C. THE VOTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, anyone who thought the Democrats would go away after we were driven to a sitin on the House floor for gun safety legislation learned differently very soon after we got home on Wednesday, June 29, when events were held all across the country on a National Day of Action for Gun Violence Prevention. We served notice. Yes, there have been moments of outrage and sometimes we have not kept up the battle unceasingly. Watch us this time. I am very pleased that our very effective police chief, Cathy Lanier, came with me to a roundtable where we heard not only from her, but from residents of the District of Columbia who have experienced the incredible heartache and throbbing agony of the loss of a loved one to gun violence. This morning, unstimulated by me, parents organized themselves to come to the Capitol at 9 a.m. They call themselves D.C. Moms and Dads for Rational Gun Safety Legislation. They are a group of spontaneously formed District of Columbia parents who lack voting representation in the Congress, although they pay the highest taxes per capita of any Americans. They do not have the final vote on the House floor, and they have no Senators. They wanted to come and show their support for national gun legislation to prevent gun violence in our city and our country. They came when, the week before, I had just fought off three amendments in the House Rules Committee to undermine D.C.’s gun laws with an attempt to erase some of those laws. It is interesting that, in the Rules Committee, I was able to keep those Republican amendments to take away our gun laws from being made in order. I think it is because the Rules Committee took place only days after Orlando, and even Republicans didn’t have the nerve to authorize gun legislation so close to the Orlando gun massacre. Is that what it is going to take? Or will it take the persistence that you saw when Democrats had no alternative but to sit on this hard floor just before recess? Now, the Republicans have gotten the permission of the NRA to include a gun bill in a pending bill. No wonder, it makes things worse. Now you would have to go before a judge before you can get someone off the nofly list, instead of depending on the slow administrative process, you would go through the much slower judicial process. Thank you for nothing. It certainly won’t satisfy us or the American people. We who live in your Nation’s Capital, need national gun legislation to keep guns from flowing in from weak gun jurisdictions, and we need Congress to leave our gun safety laws alone. Without fail, every single year, I have to drive back attempts to overturn our gun laws. I just described three that were in the Rules Committee before we left that I was able to drive back because of Orlando. Yes, I am proud that the Nation’s Capital has the strongest gun laws in the country, as well it might. Controversial world figures walk our streets and visit our restaurants. Weak gun laws we do not need in this Capital. We have effective enforcement. We have good relations among Chief Lanier and her police force and our residents. But we are still at the mercy of a Congress, which will not do its job. During our House sitin, I left the floor to go to a press conference held by the Mayor and the police chief, displaying AK–47s and other guns illegal in the District of Columbia but that you can simply go to a gun show and buy, undermining our gun laws. Our gun problem in cities like ours and many cities and jurisdictions across the country are not local problems. They are a national problem. That is why you see us demanding universal background checks. That is why we are demanding that Congress stop censuring the CDC from studying gun laws. I thank the moms and dads and kids who marched to the Capitol today for overriding their denial of a vote to come here. You sent a dual message: pass gun safety legislation, and give D.C. the vote. f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND THE NEED FOR UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, years before coming to Congress, as many of my colleagues know, I cofounded and served as the executive director of the National Network to End Domestic Violence. Twenty years ago, we worked with a bipartisan Congress to pass the Domestic Violence Offender Gun Ban. It became law in 1996. It was known as the Lautenberg amendment, after the late Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey. b1245 Since that time, we have made a lot of progress in preventing domestic violence, but, sadly, there are several Mack Trucksize loopholes that prevent the law from coming to its full effect. In fact, just last week, in a fight against the gun lobby, yet again, over these last 20 years, the Supreme Court upheld the domestic violence offender gun ban in a 6–2 decision. As many know, leaving an abusive relationship is the most dangerous time for a domestic violence victim, and adding a firearm to that situation severely heightens the risk of injury or death. In fact, in America, the majority of fatal domestic violence homicides are committed with firearms. At least 52 percent of American women murdered with guns are killed by intimate partners or family members. Despite impressions from media coverage, mass shootings in which at least four people are murdered with a gun 
are also typically acts of domestic or family violence. An Everytown, USA, analysis of every mass shooting between 2009 and 2015 found that 57 percent were committed by intimate partners or the family of victims. Research shows that commonsense gun laws have a marked effect on improving women’s safety from gun violence. In States that require background checks for all handgun sales, 46 percent fewer women are murdered with a gun by an intimate partner. And State laws ensuring that convicted abusers or those subject to domestic violence restraining orders are separated from their firearms are also associated with reductions in gun violence against women. But because of loopholes in these laws and failures to enforce them, they do little to curb the uniquely lethal American problem of guns and violence against women. Four gaps in the law are particularly harmful. First, Federal law does nothing to keep guns out of the hands of abusive dating partners or convicted stalkers. The Federal law prohibits domestic abusers from buying or owning guns but doesn’t apply to dangerous people convicted of misdemeanor stalking offenses or to dating partners, even though more women in the U.S. are killed by their dating partners than their spouses. Second, in 35 States, State law does not prohibit all people convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence crimes and all people subject to restraining orders from buying or using guns. Third, and importantly, Federal law allows domestic abusers and stalkers to easily evade gun prohibitions by purchasing guns from unlicensed private sellers. That is the Mack Truck loophole. Federal law only requires background checks for gun sales at licensed dealers. Sixteen States require checks on all handgun sales, but in the remaining States, prohibited abusers seeking to avoid a background check have very little trouble purchasing a gun from an unlicensed dealer they meet online, at a gun show, or in a parking lot. Prohibited domestic abusers know about this loophole and they have taken advantage of it to deadly effect. And, in fact, in a firstofitskind investigation of illegal gun sales, Mayors Against Illegal Guns found that one in four prohibited purchasers seeking guns online had a domestic violence arrest. Finally, 41 States do not require prohibited abusers to relinquish the guns they already own, so I have joined in legislation to prohibit these guns from falling into the hands of domestic abusers. We know that a proven way to help with people who are not eligible to purchase guns, such as felons and domestic abusers, is to expand and strengthen universal background checks on all firearms sales no matter where that sale takes place. And, very tragically, our lax gun laws make it easier for abusers to acquire a firearm than it is, in fact, to purchase a box of Sudafed. So you ask, Mr. Speaker, why do we protest? Why did we take the dramatic action of taking to the floor of this House? It is because we have had enough, and we know that, working together, we can and must change the fact that women across this country lose their lives to gun violence by their domestic abusers. Nine American women are shot and killed by their husbands and intimate partners every single week. We can do something about it. Let’s close the gun show loophole. 
BIPARTISAN GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION MEASURES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) for 5 minutes. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, this House’s silence on preventing gun violence and keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals is a betrayal of the American people. Americans are 25 times more likely to be murdered with a gun than in any of our peer countries; and since the horrific shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in my district, in the last 3
1⁄2years, 100,000 Americans have lost their lives to gun violence. Think about that—100,000 Americans. That is the size of a goodsized American city, every single one of them dead because of a gun. And this House—this House— has done nothing. We are elected to respond to the needs of the American people. We are elected to keep Americans safe; and right now, felons, domestic violence abusers, even suspected terrorists can buy a gun of their choice without a background check, no questions asked. And the bad guys are well aware of this big, gaping loophole in our laws. Here is what an al Qaeda spokesman said in a propaganda video in 2011: ‘‘America is absolutely awash in easily obtainable firearms. You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault weapon, without a background check, and most likely without having to show an identification card. So what are you waiting for?’’ The real question is: What are we, what are we in this Chamber, waiting for? We have the no fly, no buy bill, a bipartisan bill to close the terror loophole, and we have a bipartisan bill to strengthen background checks so that they apply to all commercial sales of guns. Now, I know many Americans assume that the laws we have on the books are strong enough, it is just a question of enforcement; but, sadly, that is not true. That is not true. Somewhere between 30 and 40 percent of all gun sales right now do not go through background checks at all, not at all, so the bad guys just have to go to an unlicensed dealer or go online. And let’s be very clear. Twenty years ago, when Congress passed the background check bill, when they passed that bill, people didn’t buy guns online. People didn’t buy much of anything online, so Congress didn’t even have it in its head to close a loophole it wasn’t aware of. But it is now this Congress’, it is now our job to respond to the needs of the 100,000 Americans who have died in the last 31⁄2years and to take action to save lives. Now, no single law—no single law— can end gun violence, but we do know that laws work. They work, and improved background checks save lives. For example, in Connecticut, our permittopurchase law has reduced gun homicides by 40 percent. That translates into 296 lives saved over a 10year time period. In States that have closed background check loopholes, 46 percent fewer women are killed by domestic partners, and 48 percent fewer onduty police officers are shot to death. That is half of those lives saved. And each one of those lives saved is precious. Each one has a family. Each one has loved ones. Sometimes we forget that when we are talking about thousands of this and hundreds of that and millions of dollars and trillions of dollars. Each and every life is important and precious, and we are sworn to help the American people. Here is the bottom line. Better laws work, and background checks work to save lives. The bill that the majority is bringing up this week doesn’t really help. In fact, it addresses the terror gap in ways that will hamper the FBI’s efforts to keep us safer. But let me be very, very clear. Without background checks on every single gun sale, no matter what we do on closing the terror gap, it won’t matter, because the bad guys will continue avoiding the law, whether it is domestic violence abusers, felons, the dangerously mentally ill, or suspected terrorists. Mr. Speaker, there are steps we can take to make our communities safer; there are steps we can take to save lives; and I call on this House to call up, this week, the bipartisan bill to expand background checks. 
ADDRESSING THE EPIDEMIC OF GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, we reflected on how fortunate we are to live in a country that gives each of us a voice in our government. Today, this Congress will, once again, ignore the voices of millions of Americans by refusing to address the epidemic of gun violence in our communities. Yesterday, we honored the courage that millions of Americans have demonstrated throughout our history by standing up in defense of their fellow citizens. But today, this Congress will 
not muster the courage to hold a vote on two proposals that are supported by roughly 90 percent of this country and that can save American lives. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve to be heard. They deserve a vote. If the U.S. homeland security community places a person on the FBI terrorist watch list or determines that a person is too dangerous to board an airplane, then surely we can agree that person is too dangerous to buy a firearm. This week, the majority will introduce a bill that pretends to close this gap in our homeland security laws, but, in reality, it would create a system in which it is both legal and likely for suspected terrorists to buy a firearm. The Republican measure takes no fly, no buy and turns it into no fly, no problem. Under their proposal, if a known or suspected terrorist attempts to buy a weapon, they will be denied that ability for a mere 3 days. From the moment they attempt to purchase that firearm, the following things must happen, all within 72 hours, to prevent that purchase: the Attorney General must file a petition in Federal court; the court must schedule a hearing; the suspect must be provided actual notice and the opportunity to appear at that hearing with a lawyer; the court must rule on the petition. And if all those things do not occur in 3 days, the suspect is legally entitled to buy a weapon. Not only does the Republican bill set an impossible timeline, it also requires the Justice Department to meet an extremely high burden of proof. A sale would only be prevented if the court finds probable cause that the suspect has committed or will commit an act of terrorism. The Republican proposal is specifically designed to ensure the Justice Department fails and the suspect is allowed to buy a gun. It is a fig leaf to cover up the Republicans’ refusal to take any meaningful action on gun violence. It is no surprise that this bill is supported by the gun lobby. Instead of spending our time on toothless, ineffective proposals, we should vote on the original no fly, no buy bill that will keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. We are also demanding a vote on a bipartisan proposal to require that commercial gun purchases include a background check, background checks for all. I have yet to hear one good explanation on why this should not be the law of the land. If a dangerous person cannot pass a background check at a licensed gun dealer, they should not be able to avoid a background check by going to a gun show or purchasing a firearm over the Internet. In States that have closed loopholes in their background check laws, 48 percent fewer onduty police officers are shot to death—but my colleagues across the aisle still refuse to hold a vote. Mr. Speaker, 33,000 people were killed by gun violence in America last year. The American people deserve more than moments of silence. They deserve action to keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of dangerous people. b1300 They deserve to have their voices heard. They deserve to send their kids to school without fearing an assault style weapon will be waiting for them. But, at the very least, they deserve to know where each Member of Congress stands. I am asking my Republican colleagues to find the courage to hold a vote on real gun violence prevention legislation that will save American lives. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House will finally consider legislation to make reforms to our background check system for firearm purchases. Now, Mr. Speaker, the word ‘‘reform’’ can either be a noun or a verb. As a noun, reform means a change for the better, improving a situation without revolutionary change, a moral improvement. But I am afraid, Mr. Speaker, that in this instance, the reform we are about to vote upon is a verb, where it simply means to form again or to become formed again. Americans are demanding a background check system that is a change for the better and is not riddled with loopholes. They demand a system that protects the rights of lawabiding Americans while preventing dangerous individuals from obtaining weapons. They demand a system where, to purchase a gun, you must pass a background check. Unfortunately, the bill before us, crafted by the NRA, will not deliver this to the American people. One of the fundamental loopholes in the Brady bill, which requires background checks for most purchases, is that, if the sale is not approved after 3 days, a firearm dealer can make the sale anyway, even though the background check is still pending. Tragically, this loophole has been given a new name and nine new faces following the attack at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston on June 17, 2015. Prior to that fateful day, the Charleston shooter was arrested in Columbia, South Carolina, on March 1, 2015, and charged with a felony drug offense. FBI Director James Comey has since confirmed that, as part of this arrest, the shooter admitted to the city of Columbia police that he was in possession of drugs. Under the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, an unlawful drug user or addict is prohibited from purchasing a firearm, and this information should have barred the shooter from the purchase. Now, on Saturday, April 11, 2015, the shooter attempted to purchase a firearm in West Columbia, South Carolina, and the background check process was initiated. Now, Mr. Speaker, 91 percent of FBI background checks are processed within minutes, and gun dealers are informed the buyer is either approved or denied; however, the other 9 percent require additional scrutiny by FBI examiners and are not processed immediately. The Charleston shooter’s background check was marked ‘‘delayed/pending.’’ Though the shooter was arrested on March 1 by the city of Columbia police, he, for some reason, was taken to the Lexington County jail, and his arrest record listed the arresting agency as the Lexington County Sheriff’s Office. Columbia, South Carolina, is in Richland County. This clerical error was noticed by a Lexington County corrections officer shortly after and corrected, but was only corrected internally. That correction was not given to the FBI. On Monday, April 13, when the FBI investigator sought to get more information about the shooter’s March arrest, she initially contacted the Lexington County Sheriff’s Office for more information, who informed her that the case was in the city of Columbia. Not seeing a listing for Columbia on the Lexington County law enforcement list, she contacted West Colombia, who had no knowledge of the arrest. By Thursday, April 16, the background check was still listed as delayed/pending, but three business days had passed. Consequently, Mr. Speaker, he was allowed to purchase a gun, and nine souls lost their lives because of this loophole. We should close it and do it today. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the Members of this assembly return from days away celebrating our Nation’s birth, grant them measured patience and a spirit of common purpose in addressing the pressing issues of these days. We pray for the needs of the Nation, the world, and all of creation. Bless those who seek to honor You and serve each other and all Americans in this House through their public service. 
May the words and deeds of this place reflect an earnest desire for justice, and may men and women in government build on the tradition of equity and truth that represents the noblest heritage of our people. May Your blessing, O God, be with us this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. COURTNEY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
FBI RECOMMENDATION NOT TO PROSECUTE (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, today FBI Director James Comey announced his recommendation not to prosecute Hillary Clinton. I am extremely disappointed with this decision. In fact, Mr. Comey said that it was extremely careless of Secretary Clinton to store public emails and classified emails on her server. There were 110 messages in 52 chains that contained information that was classified at the time, 8 of which were top secret, 36 secret, and 8 confidential. We really need to protect our national security. The FBI Director talked about the word ‘‘intentionally.’’ Well, if this had been defense information, some of which it may have been, the statute only requires criminal liability to show the form of gross negligence. I think extremely careless comes to gross negligence, and I encourage the FBI and prosecutors to continue to look at this and do what is right. We need people in government who are not extremely careless. We need people who are careful. 
COMMONSENSE LEGISLATION TO DISARM HATE (Mr. COURTNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the horrific events in Orlando on June 12, an extraordinary group of Americans have come together calling for commonsense gun control legislation. The Veterans Coalition for Common Sense was formed, again, within hours, and among its ranks are General David Petraeus; General Stanley McChrystal; Admiral Thad Allen, the retired commandant of the Coast Guard; and General Michael Hayden, former head of the Air Force. The list goes on and on. And why? General Pete Chiarelli, the former vice chief of staff of the Army, stated it very clearly: ‘‘I have seen firsthand what weapons of war can do. There is no reason we cannot close the loopholes that allow these killing machines to fall into the hands of criminals, those who are mentally ill or those who wish to do harm to innocent men, women and children.’’ The sitin a couple of weeks ago was exactly about what General Chiarelli said, which is to pass the KingThompson bills to close the loopholes and to require that people who are on the no fly list cannot purchase weapons that go out and result in mass killings of far too many Americans. We should listen to the people who wore the uniform of our country, those leaders who, again, protected and defended not only the Constitution but all of us, and listen to their message and pass the KingThompson bills. f 
A MOMENT IN HISTORY TO DO SOMETHING SIGNIFICANT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, while massive terrorist acts are raging all around the world, in my district yesterday 3 people were shot and killed, one a 28yearold father of 3. And just last week a mother shot dead her two daughters and was killed because she refused to put down a gun. We have a moment in history—in the backdrop of the largest mass murder by guns by a bad person in Orlando, Florida, as we mourn—to be able to do something significant, Mr. Speaker, and that is to pass the ThompsonKing bipartisan, commonsense, responsible gun legislation. Let me tell you what is being offered on the floor. That bill that is being offered on the floor would not have prevented the Emanuel 9 because it allows individuals to go past, if you will, the checking because in the part of it that deals with terrorism in particular, you can ask or the prosecutors must prove that you belong on that terrorist list, and, therefore, you put a barrier to protecting the American people. We need a no fly, no buy; on the terrorist list, you can’t do it; and we need a longer period for law enforcement to check the background checks. We need to save lives. OUR FAMILIES CANNOT AFFORD FOR US TO WAIT ANY LONGER (Ms. MCCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to demand action to prevent gun violence. Nearly every year 30,000 Americans die from gun violence. The American Medical Association has defined the situation as a public health crisis. There are two immediate commonsense solutions: preventing known suspects who are terrorists from buying guns and strengthening our background system to keep guns away from criminals. Everywhere I went in Minnesota last week, I heard from families who strongly support these commonsense ideas. An overwhelming majority of Americans support the ideas as well. The American people deserve to know where their Representative stands, yet Republicans refuse to allow a vote on these solutions. Republican leadership instead is shamefully peddling a gun lobbyendorsed bill that even Republicans back home say doesn’t do enough to prevent terrorists from having guns. Our families cannot afford for us to wait any longer. We need to take action. The House must act to prevent gun violence and keep our families and communities safe. 
RESPONSIBLE GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the time has long passed for Congress to act to enact responsible gun safety legislation. Mr. Speaker, bring these two bills to the floor for a vote. 
GIVE US A VOTE (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, it has now been 3
1⁄2years since the horrific tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School. In the past 3
1⁄2years, a lot has happened. There have been 1,182 mass shootings in our country and 34,000plus people have been killed by someone using a gun. The House has been in session for 526 legislative days, and we have held 30 moments of silence for victims of gun violence. But what hasn’t happened in the past 3
1⁄2years is a vote. That is shameful. The American people deserve a Congress that is willing to stand up to the gun lobby and do what it takes to keep our communities safe. There is bipartisan legislation that would prohibit those on the terrorist watch list from being able to purchase firearms legally in our country, and there is bipartisan 
legislation to close a dangerous loophole in our background check system. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. 
TINA MEINS SPEAKS FOR ME (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, over and over again my colleagues have pleaded with the majority to give us a vote on legislation that will protect Americans from gun violence. Those pleas and the pleas of millions of Americans continue to be ignored. So instead of my words, I am going to read the words of Tina Meins, whose father, Damian, was killed in San Bernardino last year: ‘‘There is room in this national debate for reason, for compromise and for compassion,’’ she wrote. ‘‘Let us find common ground. Let’s not be paralyzed because proposed solutions will not be perfect. If one person can be saved, isn’t it worth the effort to fix this? Let’s work together, please, for the good of everyone.’’ Well, Tina speaks for me, and she speaks for the thousands of families who have lost loved ones to gun violence in America. 
GUN VIOLENCE MUST END TODAY (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, 3 weeks ago we gathered on this floor for another moment of silence to remember 49 victims of the mass shooting in Orlando. In the days that followed, our response was the same as it was after Sandy Hook, Umpqua Community College, and Colorado Springs—silence followed by more silence. In the days since, we can add hundreds of names to the list of those lost in our Nation to a unique epidemic of gun violence, including the following from Massachusetts: David Atherton, a young firefighter and veteran; Marcus Hall, killed as his 4yearold son sat feet away getting his haircut; Trevor Washington, gunned down after a disagreement at a party; Andrew Flonory, murdered less than a mile from where his sister and 2year old nephew had been executed 6 years earlier; Anthony Clay, a married father of two, who died as a woman yelled ‘‘Don’t leave me’’ over his body; And 19yearold Sabrina DaSilva, who had just stepped out of her apartment to grab juice out of her car for her 2 yearold daughter, a daughter who will never see her mother again. Mr. Speaker, they are friends and neighbors who will be forever missed by the lives they touched, daughters and sons, mothers and fathers, whose families will forever live with the pain and suffering of losing a loved one. This violence must stop. f 
WE MUST DO SOMETHING (Mr. CROWLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, after the historic sitin that took place on this floor a couple weeks ago, last week I hosted a discussion on gun violence in my district. In attendance were people with a wide range of experiences with gun violence, constituents who volunteered time to advocate for better gun laws, individuals who lost family members due to gun violence, some who themselves were victims of gun violence but thankfully survived. There were representatives from the LGBT community, public health professionals, a youth violence intervention program director, and the director of a theater production featuring people who lost loved ones to gun violence. They came from different hometowns and different walks of life, and they have their own beliefs and world views, but they agree on one thing: we must do something to curb the tragic, persistent threat of gun violence in America. Mr. Speaker, I don’t expect all 435 Members of this body to agree on a perfect solution to this troubling issue, but I do expect them to do something that will meaningfully address it, and so do the American people. 
WHEN WE SAT DOWN, WE STOOD UP (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, when my colleagues and I sat down on the floor, we stood up for millions of Americans who agree it is time for commonsense legislative action to help prevent gun violence. When the Republican leadership ignored that call and then canceled the rest of the workweek, we took that message back to our districts. At a roundtable in my district, I met with families broken by random acts of gun violence, mothers who were moved by mass shootings, advocates calling for change, and just regular people who just wanted to see less violence. Their stories and their motivations were entirely different, but they all told me one thing: We are with you. I refuse to let them down, and I refuse to let up until this body considers basic bipartisan, broadly supported reforms, and not shoddily crafted NRAendorsed bills that do even less than moments of silence. 
b1415 GIVE US A VOTE (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, a moment ago, the House Chaplain expressed the hope—I would imagine it is a fervent hope—that we would return to this place with ‘‘a spirit of common purpose.’’ Those are the words that he used. Nothing would reflect the common purpose of the American people more than allowing us to have a vote on gun safety legislation in this House. Ninety percent of Americans support universal background checks. That is common purpose. A majority of responsible gun owners in this country support universal background checks. That is common purpose. Eightyfive percent of Americans say that, if you can’t fly on a plane because you are too dangerous, you shouldn’t be able to buy a weapon. That is common purpose. So, what is the problem? Why can’t we bring legislation? Why can’t we respond to the anguish and grief of so many families and communities around this country? The Speaker of this House will not allow legislation to come to the floor. He won’t allow us to express the common purpose of the American people. Give us a vote. Give us a chance to demonstrate that common purpose and address this scourge of violence in our country. f 
NO MORE EMPTY GESTURES (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, the whole point of the Democratic sitin to demand congressional action on gun violence was to say that empty gestures and moments of silence for 30 seconds, followed by the bang of a gavel and resumption of business as usual will not be tolerated anymore in the face of this national gun violence epidemic. Yet this week, our Republican colleagues are bringing forward a bill, written and blessed by the NRA, that is yet another empty gesture—a glorified moment of silence—because it establishes a completely arbitrary and artificial 72hour timeframe and unreasonable standards that must be met within that timeframe. I can’t get my dry cleaning back in 72 hours, yet the NRA and our Republican friends expect the Attorney General to come forward, serve process, have a defendant hire an attorney, show up at a hearing, and prove with probable cause as the standard that this individual is about to commit an act of terror? Give me a break. No more empty gestures. No more moments of silence that are completely disingenuous, including this glorified moment of silence that Republicans are bringing forward this week. 
PURSUE COMMONSENSE GUN LEGISLATION (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, last week, I had the opportunity to hear from the families of victims of gun violence. Each story was unique and heartbreaking. But for all the differences in their tragic circumstances, one common thread was echoed by every individual in the room: too many guns are too easily available. One mother said: ‘‘Until we get these guns off the street, the cycle is going to continue.’’ One way to start to get the guns off the streets is through background checks. My office has heard from thousands over the last 2 weeks, over the phone, over Facebook, over Twitter. We have heard that Congress can no longer bend to the will of the gun lobby and prevent the passage of commonsense legislation that could save lives. During that meeting last week, a mother told me: ‘‘Changes can be made because I have a voice.’’ Mr. Speaker, now is the time to heed our constituents’ call and pursue real, commonsense legislation that helps get guns out of the hands of dangerous people. 
END GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the American public want us to act. They spoke loud and clear. They want an end to the gun violence that is taking place in this country. We sat down on this House floor to stand up for those Americans who want to see Congress put on RECORD as to where they stand on this issue. Democrats, Republicans, and Independents— 80 percentplus support background checks. They support no fly, no buy. Mr. Speaker, all we are asking for this week and what the American people are asking you for is a vote on these two simple principles. The Rules Committee is going to meet tonight. We ask that you include two amendments that Democrats will bring forward: no fly, no buy—if you can’t fly on an airplane, you can’t buy a gun—and comprehensive, expanded backgrounds checks. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think that is too much for us to ask. The American people will be watching to see where their Members of Congress stand on these two important issues. 
SILENCE IS DEAFENING (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, between the time that 20 little children and 6 teachers were shot at Sandy Hook Elementary School and the 49 people that were slaughtered in Orlando, we have stood on this floor 27 times for a moment of silence. We send our condolences and our thoughts and prayers, and then the gavel sounds and we go back to business as usual. Well, 2 weeks ago, the Democrats in this House said no more silence. The silence has become deafening. In the city of Chicago, we lost 70 people in the month of June to gun deaths. There is no moment of silence for them. They are women, children, men, sons, husbands. We have the ability in the House of Representatives to save lives—not every life, but a lot of lives—and the moments of silence, of doing nothing, have run out. It is time for us to act. We have two bills on our agenda that would begin to address the problem. Republicans have to join with us to act now. The silence is too deafening. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. CONYERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join with all the voices that we hear today to speak to the urgent need to address the problem of gun violence in this country. We need to consider not only mass shootings, but the daily toll of gun violence that afflicts all of our communities. In 1 year, on average, 108,000 Americans are shot in murders, assaults, suicides and suicide attempts, accidents, and police action. Approximately 32,500 of these individuals die. Nearly 12,000 are murdered—more than 31 Americans every day. We know what will work to reduce deaths. We must act to expand background checks to close the private sale loophole and make sure those checks prevent the sale of guns to terrorists. We should come together to vote on the two bills and reduce gun violence. 
PUT THE BILLS ON THE FLOOR (Mr. CAPUANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, the issues are pretty clear. I came up for one simple reason: I am asking my Republican friends: What are you afraid of? What are you afraid of? You get the votes. I ran for Congress to debate and vote on the issues of the day, vote my conscience—win some, lose some. What did you run for? Did you run to stifle democratic debate? Did you run to simply say to the American people, ‘‘We don’t care what you say’’? If you believe the words you have been saying for the last week, put the bills on the floor and have a vote. That is the American way. What are you afraid of? Are you afraid you can’t control your Members? Are you afraid some of your Members may actually have to stand up, find some courage, and vote their conscience? Put these two bills on the floor. The American people want it, the American people deserve it, and the American people are demanding it. f 
BIPARTISAN ACTION TO PREVENT GUN VIOLENCE IS NEEDED (Ms. ESTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, the American people expect us to act to protect them. We need a tough and smart counterterrorism strategy to go after ISIS, and that has to include taking commonsense steps to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. In a 2011 propaganda video, an al Qaeda spokesman encouraged radicals to buy guns in the United States, saying: America is absolutely awash in obtainable firearms. The overwhelming majority of the American people support reasonable fixes to prevent terrorists from buying guns and to expand background checks for all commercial gun sales. Yet, in the 3
1⁄2years since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School, the House has not held a single vote on legislation to prevent gun violence. In that time, gun violence has killed more than 100,000 Americans. It took a 25hour sitin and thousands of Americans rising up and demanding a vote, but here we are finally voting on something. It is a step forward. Unfortunately, the bill we are voting on this week was written by the gun lobby, and it won’t do anything to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals. So let’s keep working. Let’s send bipartisan legislation to the President’s desk, because the American people are demanding action. We should listen and we should act. 
IN THE SPIRIT OF ELIE WIESEL (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, Elie Wiesel, one of the great human beings who graced this Earth, passed away this week. He said that sometimes we are powerless to prevent injustice, but we should never fail to protest against injustice. JOHN LEWIS is a man in this House who is of the same caliber as Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King. He is the same caliber as Elie Wiesel. When JOHNLEWIS and other Democrats protested on this floor, they were here because they might not have been able to prevent injustice, but they needed to protest. And they did it in the spirit of Elie Wiesel. 
Mr. Speaker, you said J OHN LEWIS and the Democrats’ activity on the floor was a stunt. It wasn’t a stunt. It was in keeping with the great tradition of people like Elie Wiesel and JOHN LEWIS who know that at sometimes, when society and the government are so far out of line, there need to be extraordinary steps to bring attention to issues and make a change. The bill you are bringing to the floor is a stunt. JOHNLEWIS does not engage in stunts. 
REJECT THE GUN LOBBY BILL (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, it is sad that it took a 26hour sitin of 177 Members just to get a vote on one gun violence prevention bill this Congress. It is even sadder that Speaker RYANstill doesn’t get it. This week, we are voting on a big gun lobby bill that already failed in the Senate. It would give the Attorney General only 72 hours to determine if someone on the nofly list should be able to purchase a gun. House rules require 3 days between a bill’s introduction and a vote. Why does Speaker RYAN think that the House deserves 3 days to read a bill, but the FBI, Attorney General, and our courts should fully investigate a suspected terrorist in the same amount of time? This isn’t an attempt to address gun violence. It is a shameful attempt to claim that a vote was held, without hurting the majority’s precious scorecard rating with the big gun lobby. This isn’t a game. With each passing hour, another family mourns the loss of a loved one. I urge my colleagues to reject the gun lobby bill. I call on you, Speaker RYAN, to have the courage to call up H.R. 1217, the bipartisan KingThompson background check bill, a real gun violence prevention measure. 
b1430 ASSAULT WEAPONS (Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, in the Iraq war, my unit fought doortodoor in some of the areas now controlled by ISIL, and we did it armed with an assault rifle called the M16A4. Why did the Marine Corps send us into battle with this weapon? At the risk of making anyone feel uncomfortable, the simple answer is this: Because the M16 is a machine designed to kill and maim people. It is not for target shooting, or hunting deer. The M16 was refined for the sole purpose of taking enemy lives in combat. That is why it defies explanation that Republicans believe assault rifles like the M16 or the SIG SAUER MCX used in Orlando should be carried in our communities. Weapons that Marines use to kill enemy combatants in Iraq don’t belong on the streets of Phoenix. Mr. Speaker, it is even harder to understand why Republicans apparently think known terrorists should be allowed to purchase these firearms. They plan to bring a sham bill to the floor later this week that law enforcement leaders tell us will do nothing to prevent individuals on the terrorist watch list from obtaining these deadly weapons. That is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, here is the bottom line. If you are too dangerous to fly on a plane, then you are too dangerous to buy the kind of weapon I carried in Iraq. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the endless gun violence happening across the country, the American people are calling desperately on Congress to act. Under pressure from House and Senate Democrats during the historic sit in, Republican leadership has finally agreed to allow a vote on legislation to prevent gun sales to suspected terrorists placed on the nofly list. While it is my view that this legislation does not go far enough to prevent violence in our neighborhoods, it serves as an important step in order to continue an open dialogue on this issue. My grandson, who is a responsible district manager in a very large corporation in this Nation, is an NRA member. He hunts and he plays golf. He asked me: ‘‘Granny, why must anybody have an AK–47? Why must these kind of weapons be sold to people? They must have background checks.’’ Now, this is a member of the NRA. Mr. Speaker, as Congress works to reduce gun violence and gunrelated deaths throughout our country, I encourage my colleagues to immediately bring forward meaningful and comprehensive reforms. 
THIS IS THE TIME TO ACT (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we celebrated Fourth of July, the 240th birthday of our Nation’s independence, and the celebrations were quite vivid in my district, which includes parts of Philadelphia, the birthplace of our Nation. One refrain I got often when walking in parades in my district yesterday, and I was really struck by it, was people calling out: ‘‘Thank you, thank you for the sitin. I watched the sitin. That’s great.’’ I was really struck because, frankly, I have not had that experience of people so finely tuned to what is being broadcast on C–SPAN. It speaks to the desire for people that we address this issue and the frustration that is out there that we just have moments of silence, and then total silence. This is the time to act. No more Orlandos, no more Sandy Hooks, no more Auroras. Let’s call up today the two bills that are supported by 90 percent of the American people. f 
IT IS TIME TO DO THE RIGHT THING (Mr. MEEKS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I am here today simply because it is time. It is time to save lives. It is time to close the gun show and Internet loophole. It is time to make sure if you are on the nofly list, you can’t buy a gun in America. It is time for the American people to know where their representatives stand. It is time to find out who will prevail, the people of the United States, or the NRA. It is time to end moments of silence and move into legislative action to save lives. Mr. Speaker, don’t you think it is time to give the people a vote? Mr. Speaker, it is time for you to do the right thing for all American people and help save lives throughout the United States of America. It is time to do the right thing. 
THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT HAS FAILED US (Mr. MICA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I believe it is time and I think it is time for the Congress and the House of Representatives to not look at diversionary issues, but to look at how the Federal Government has failed us. The Federal Government failed us in Orlando, it failed us in San Bernardino, it failed us in Boston. The United States is under attack by extremist organizations, radicals. They have used a pressure cooker in Boston. They used pipe bombs and mechanisms they bought from plumbing stores in San Bernardino. They used weaponry that they acquired when the Federal Government failed in Orlando. It is time that we get our watch list corrected so that we don’t put people on, take them off, don’t know who is on the list, who is off the list. It is time that the Federal agencies for law enforcement and protecting us connect the dots and not miss the opportunities to stop the Orlandos, the San Bernardinos and the Bostons. 
THE TIME IS NOW (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, the American people have 
been clear: they are demanding a vote to keep Americans safe from gun violence. When the Speaker announced a vote this week on gun violence, the American people hoped this would be a vote for families and children, a vote to honor victims and survivors of senseless gun violence, and a vote to keep Americans safe from harm. Instead, the American families have been given a baitandswitch. The bill we have in front of us is a vote for powerful special interests, a vote to honor the millions of dollars of the NRA’s campaign spending, and a vote for a bill that does nothing to keep Americans safe from harm. This is a bill backed by the heavyhanded gun lobby that ensures it is easier for terrorist suspects to buy an assault rifle than to get on a plane. Last week, representing half a million people, the mayors in my district came together and asked me to deliver a letter to Speaker RYAN. In part it reads: ‘‘A strong and growing number of our constituents are deeply frustrated with the inaction of this Congress. We urge you to allow debate and votes on expanding background checks and keeping guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists.’’ The time is now for those votes. 
IS THIS THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE? (Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, we have heard Speaker RYAN say it. We have heard Majority Leader MCCARTHY  say it. We have heard Leader PELOSI  say it. We have heard Whip HOYER say it. We have all said it. We proudly refer to this body as the people’s House. Well, implicit in calling this the people’s House is that we are responsive to what the citizens of this country want us to do. What a sham that description is when it comes to gun safety, what a total sham. In my district, we are running at a record pace of homicide by gunfire. My constituents want to know why we can’t even have a debate and a vote on sensible universal background checks which, according to a poll this week, 92 percent of the American people want. I call on Speaker RYANto fulfill the promise of the people’s House and bring sensible gun safety legislation to this floor. 
NO FLY, NO BUY (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to represent a diverse district in New York, a State whose ban on assault weapons was just upheld by the Supreme Court, and a State which just closed, on the State level, the senseless loopholes in our Federal gun purchasing regulations that allow known criminals and domestic abusers to obtain guns. But one group of people New York’s gun safety laws cannot reach are terrorist suspects. That is because the Federal Government controls the terrorism watch list. So it is up to Congress to make sure we keep guns out of the hands of known terrorists. And the vast majority of Americans agree, so we must act. Mr. Speaker, this body has no more important mandate than to ensure the safety of our citizens. We must pass no fly, no buy, and we must pass comprehensive background checks to close the loopholes for those that are trying to purchase guns, and we need to act now. Enough is enough. f 
CITIZENS ARE DEMANDING REAL ANSWERS (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, since our sitin, led by our moral leader, JOHN LEWIS, a steady, consistent chorus of voices across the country is growing louder demanding action on gun violence. The heartfelt calls, letters, emails, and social media postings continue to flood in from my constituents. These are grandparents, mothers, young people who are saying ‘‘enough.’’ In Sacramento alone, 60 people have lost their lives this last year. These are people who believe in the power of democracy, who are raising their voices, and who are counting on us to listen. They are saying ‘‘enough’’ to Republicans not having the courage to stand up to the powerful gun lobby. The NRAbacked Republican deal we are considering today is an empty promise to the American people. It would make it nearly impossible to stop suspected terrorists from purchasing firearms, and it would do nothing to close a loophole that allows criminals to bypass a background check by simply going online or to a gun show. Mr. Speaker, our citizens are demanding real answers, not hollow gestures. Let’s listen to them. We will not rest until you do. 
MEANINGFUL GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, last week I joined my Democratic colleagues from Michigan for a standingroomonly meeting of community members concerned about gun violence in our country. We were joined by representatives from law enforcement, the faith community, domestic violence advocates, the LGBT community, and grassroots organizations. We are at a turning point. The Speaker called our sitdown efforts a stunt. How wrong. It is the proposal that he is offering that would be a stunt instead of really addressing tragic gun violence confronting this Nation. We should be considering the bipartisan, commonsense legislation that Americans overwhelmingly support: preventing suspected terrorists from buying guns, known as no buy, no fly, and closing loopholes that allow online and gun show sales to go forward without background checks. There is strong public interest for action. We witnessed that last week. The Speaker must no longer stand in the way. f 
WE MUST PURSUE COMMONSENSE GUN VIOLENCE LEGISLATION (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, we must pursue commonsense gun violence legislation, legislation that makes a real impact on the epidemic of gun violence in our country. The American people are crying out for a vote, and we have a moral obligation to take action. Two weeks ago, Democrats stood and sat on this floor and demanded a commonsense gun violence prevention bill. We are back today to continue that fight. The bills the Republicans are bringing to the floor this week do little to eliminate the scourge of gun violence in our communities. In fact, the Zeldin bill is supported by the National Rifle Association. I think that is all you need to know. We need to move a real no fly, no buy bill, one that actually prevents potential terrorists from getting dangerous weapons. But our work cannot stop there because gun violence in this country does not only occur at the hands of terrorists. We need to address the issue of universal background checks, to ban assault weapons, and to conduct research on gun violence. No more deaths. The American people deserve a Congress that votes on the issues that they most care about. Not one more death in this country. 
b1445 GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, in my district, the Fourth District of Georgia, the people are tired of gratuitous gun violence. Gun violence and gun deaths have risen by 8 percent over the last decade. Just this Friday night, a 35yearold female was killed. Her brother had 
been killed a year earlier—both by gunfire. Saturday night, a 35yearold male was killed. His brother had been killed a year ago by gunfire—both of them. Families are being torn asunder. No family should have to live under that. A 38yearold male not far from my office lost his life over a parking space over this past weekend. Gratuitous gun violence has to stop. There is something that Congress can do about it. We need to take action, little, small action like closing the gun show loophole. It makes a big difference. A little action like no fly, no buy makes a big difference. But this Congress, under the control of the NRA, is unable to do so. It is time for change. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, Democrats made a clear and powerful statement that we will not stand silent as thousands of Americans are victimized by gun violence. JOHNLEWIS, JOHNLARSON , and more than 100 other Democratic Members didn’t hold this floor for 26 straight hours—and hold events with thousands of people across the country just last week—just to get a vote on legislation that won’t make Americans safer. This week, Republicans will have a vote on a bill that was written by the NRA and would not address the scourge of gun violence. The American people deserve a vote on legislation that will actually keep those under investigation for terrorism from purchasing guns legally in our country, bipartisan legislation like Republican Representative PETER KING’s no fly, no buy bill. They also deserve a vote on legislation that would strengthen and make comprehensive background checks. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, if Democrats sound frustrated with the House’s failure to act on gun violence, it is because we are. In New York City over this past weekend, 14 people were shot in 10 incidents. Three weeks ago, more than 100 people were shot in a single evening in a single club in Orlando, and 49 of them died. My Democratic colleagues and I have been running through the statistics over and over again for years now— tens of thousands of deaths every year. Since we had the sitin on the House floor just a few weeks ago, more than 1,000 Americans have died from gun violence. That is shameful. So, yes, we are frustrated because this is the only country in the developed world with gun laws like these. Australia changed its gun laws, and as a result, they virtually have no gun homicides in that place. We just sit and mourn and do nothing. You can order one over the Internet. We don’t require background checks, and they will ship it to your house. We are asking for no fly, no buy, and we are asking for background checks. You can walk up to a booth at a gun show and hand a stranger a stack of cash and walk away with a semiautomatic assault rifle, no questions asked. Under current law, even if the FBI has probable cause to believe you are a terrorist, you can walk into a gun store and pass a background check. That is shameful. We have to make a choice. We have to act. I ask my good colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together and pass sensible gun control legislation. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, as the representative of New Jersey’s Tenth Congressional District—which suffered onethird of the State’s total gun deaths last year—I know the destruction that gun violence inflicts, and I know how important it is that we do more to keep guns out of the wrong hands. Today we stand with the vast majority of the American people in support of a very simple principle: our gun laws should uphold and protect the freedom of all Americans—that includes responsible gun owners and those Americans trying to exercise their basic right to be free from gun violence. We stand with the vast majority of Americans who believe that, if you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun; who believe that we need to keep guns from criminals, domestic abusers, and dangerously mentally ill individuals. Mr. Speaker, on this day of action, we renew our call for Republican leadership to give the American people a vote that is bipartisan in nature on gun safety legislation. We cannot continue to have the NRA stand for ‘‘no Republican action.’’ 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the NRAauthored H.R. 4237, the socalled Protect America Act. Mr. Speaker, how does this legislation protect America from gun violence? This bill would do nothing to close the terror gap that currently allows suspected terrorists to legally buy guns. This bill would do nothing to address our anemic background check system that allows up to 40 percent of all firearm transfers to proceed without a background check. And this bill will do nothing to keep guns out of the hands of the dangerously mentally ill. Mr. Speaker, there are steps that Congress can take to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people and to keep Americans safe from gun violence. Unfortunately, the Protect America Act would accomplish neither. This body should be concerned with protecting Americans from gun violence, not protecting its Members from tough votes. Mr. Speaker, let the people’s House vote on real, meaningful, commonsense legislation that would keep our constituents safe. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, as a mother, the second best day of my life was when my son was born. The first best day was when he returned safely from war. That is because every night was almost unbearable. I prayed that I would not get that fateful knock at the door. My son went to war, and that knock on the door—while you don’t want it, it is unimaginable—but you expect it. But no parent—no parent—should worry that they are going to get that knock on the door when they put their child on a schoolbus or when their child goes to the movies or out for a celebration. My constituent, Greg Key, got that knock. His daughter, Lindsay, age 19, went to a party and became the victim of a stray bullet. Mr. Speaker, how many more devastated parents like Greg and the moms and dads we have heard about have to get devastating news and feel devastating pain? It is time for this Congress to do its job. No more guns for criminals or terrorists. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. LARSON of Connecticut asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, we are here with a very simple plea this morning with 5minutes and this afternoon with 1minutes. We know the Speaker is an honorable man. We know that the chairman of the Rules Committee, Mr. SESSIONS , is an honorable man. We in the minority are just asking for two commonsense, simple votes, both that have bipartisan support and sit here waiting to be discharged. But in the minority, it is the only voice that we have. This minority party represents, actually, a majority of the American citizens, and we can’t get a vote on what 
the American people are crying out for. Mr. Speaker, 85 to 95 percent—depending upon what poll you read—believe that there should be a bill that does not provide terrorists who are on the nofly list with a gun. Also, people believe that there should be background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. There have been more than 1,000— 1,000—mass murders since Sandy Hook. We cannot be silent anymore. We respectfully ask that our colleagues in the majority who control the floor allow us the simple dignity of what we take an oath here for: a vote. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4768, SEPARATION OF POWERS RESTORATION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 23, 2016, THROUGH JULY 4, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 796 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OLLINS of New York). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1500 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation, which I believe directly benefits the American people by ensuring unelected bureaucrats are not able to reinterpret the intent of legislation passed by this body, the United States Senate, signed by the President, or known also as lawmakers under the legislative process Article I powers that are directly elected by the people of this country. Two weeks ago, the Rules Committee met and reported a structured rule for H.R. 4768. This rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided by the chair and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. I also want to point out that the Rules Committee asked Members to submit their ideas and amendments, and, as a result, this resolution makes in order all of the amendments submitted that did not raise a point of order. Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of these United States established three coequal branches of government, each with a clearly defined role. The separation of powers protects Americans by preventing any one branch from gaining too much power. Unfortunately, this system is being, I believe, abused by unlawful actions by administrative agencies that are increasingly asserting lawmaking powers. This modern ‘‘Federal administrative state,’’ as it is called, runs counter to our Founders’ intent, outlined in our Constitution, and I believe must be reined in. That is why we are on the floor of the House of Representatives today with our ideas to move forth on behalf of the ideas that we believe should rule in law, in rulemaking, and in the way the American people find governance of these United States. Mr. Speaker, in 1984, the Supreme Court ruled that, when a congressional statute is ambiguous, courts hearing challenges to executive actions must preemptively defer to the regulators’ interpretation of the law. The Court effectively rigged America’s regulatory and judicial system in favor of unelected bureaucrats and against the American citizens that are being targeted. Later, in Auer v. Robbins, the Court required deference to agencies’ interpretations of their own regulations. This great deference to administrative agencies is particularly troubling because it effectively gives unelected bureaucrats the power to make law. Administrative agencies issue, enforce, and settle disputes involving regulations that have the force of law in many, many respects. In every aspect of our daily life, we are impacted by these decisions. Though the courts have a duty to check the abuses of the political branches in certain appropriate cases, they too often rely on deferential doctrines in reviewing agency actions. Given the inconsistent application of Chevron deference and concerns about the separation of powers, it is imperative that Congress act. H.R. 4768 reverses this erosion of our constitutional system that has allowed unelected bureaucrats to mandate their own interpretations of laws. The legislation overturns the Chevron and Auer doctrines by clarifying the intent of the Administrative Procedure Act. Specifically, the bill directs courts to conduct a de novo, or from scratch, review of all relevant questions of law, including the interpretation of constitutional and statutory provisions and the provisions of agency rules. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that, at the time we pass laws, at the time we debate intent, and at the time we pass these laws and give to the agencies the opportunity to work with us on the formation of how the laws will be played out, meaning the agencies’ rules and regulations, it should be done with the 
intent of Congress. Many States have regulatory systems that require all regulations come back through their elected officials. We find that what we are trying to do is to simply return the power of legislating to Congress and ensure the courts, not the agencies, interpret the laws, based upon the original intent of the laws. This is a critical step in restoring the constitutional balance and, I believe, limiting executive overreach to the balance that works on behalf of people for the intent of the original passage of the laws. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ) for the customary 30 minutes. I really want to thank him because, after what happened 2 weeks ago when we in the minority were denied any debate time on the rule or the underlying bill, I know that being given the customary 30 minutes is no longer something we should automatically assume. Let me begin by saying I rise in strong opposition to this rule. I am going to rise in strong opposition to the rule that comes after this, and the one that comes after that. We are debating three rules today that would provide for the consideration of legislation on the separation of powers bill, a health savings account bill that they put together, and a financial services bill. All three bills, I want my colleagues to know, are going nowhere. There are Statements of Administration Policy on all three pieces of this legislation saying the administration would veto them. Some of these bills are so bad, I am not even sure the Senate will consider them. They are either press releases that were written in the Republican congressional campaign committee or they are bills that are so loaded up with extraneous materials and riders on all kinds of subjects that have nothing to do with the underlying legislation that, again, we are just sitting here debating bills that have no future, that are going nowhere. We are wasting the time of our colleagues, and we are wasting taxpayer money. What we should be debating here today, and you have heard from a series of my colleagues earlier, is legislation that would provide for comprehensive background checks on anybody who wants to buy a gun, and also on legislation that says that, if you are on an FBI terrorist watch list and you cannot fly on an airplane, then you should not be allowed to go into a gun store and buy a weapon of war—or buy any gun, for that matter. Those are the two pieces of legislation that we tried 2 weeks ago to get the Speaker of the House to give us time to debate and a vote on them, and we are still demanding consideration of these two very basic, commonsense pieces of legislation that I believe will save lives in this country. Quite frankly, that is what we should be concerned with: how we better protect our constituents, how we better protect the American people. The issue of gun violence is something that Democrats and Republicans, alike, care about. In fact, the two pieces of legislation that we want to bring to the floor are authored by a Republican Member. The distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) is the prime author of both of these pieces of legislation. This problem is something that seems to worry the American people, trouble the American people, but doesn’t seem to trouble the people who are in charge of this House. Listen to this statistic from PolitiFact: So many people die annually from gunfire in the United States that the death toll between 1968 and 2011 eclipses all wars ever fought by the country. There were about 1.4 million firearm deaths in that period compared to 1.2 million U.S. deaths in every conflict from the War of Independence to Iraq. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, many of us came to this floor and joined with our colleagues—JOHN LEWIS, K ATHERINE  CLARK , JOHNLARSON , MIKETHOMPSON , and so many others—in a protest, in a sitin. The reason we did that is because the frustration level on this side of the aisle is boiling over. This is supposed to be a deliberative body where important issues get debated and voted on. Instead, this has become a place where trivial issues get debated passionately and important ones not at all. In the aftermath of the terrible tragedy in Orlando where 49 people were killed, all we could do in this House was have a moment of silence. That was it. That was what that protest was all about. That is what that sitin was all about. We have exhausted every other way to try to get this legislation to the floor. Every time we try to go through regular order, we are blocked, we are blocked, we are blocked, we are blocked. Enough. The American people overwhelmingly support the no fly, no buy bill and universal background checks. They are not going to fall for the theatrics that my Republican friends are now engaged in this week, which is to bring up an NRAwritten bill, which they are going to say is no fly, no buy. But what they are not going to tell you is that all of the loopholes still exist. It doesn’t matter what this bill purports to do; you could still be on the terrorist watch list and go online and buy a gun. You could still be on the terrorist watch list and not be able to fly and go to a gun show and buy a gun. It is pathetic that the loopholes and the background checks in our laws continue to be unaddressed. All we are trying to do is have our moment where we can debate this issue, which, again, is a bipartisan issue. It is not a partisan issue. Again, the two pieces of legislation that we want to bring to the floor are authored by a Republican Member. Mr. Speaker, we are not going away. This issue is too important. We are not going to be silent. We are going to continue to use every means available to us to raise our voices and to demand that the leadership of this House respect not the wishes of the Democratic minority, but respect the wishes of the vast majority of the American people, Democrats and Republicans alike. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ), a member of the Rules Committee Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman yielding me the time. I rise today in support of House Resolution 796, the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act. I want to thank not only the chairman, but the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ), my friend, for introducing this legislation and bringing it through the Judiciary Committee. This is something that we have had hearings on, we have had work done on, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 4768. I am glad to see it moving forward today. The Judiciary Committee discussed these concepts, worked on these concepts, and looked at the whole issue. Frankly, this is one that in many ways, except for the very partisan nature of what we are doing in Congress these days—and it is, and there are things that we disagree on—this one, to me, should really have been one that, frankly, shouldn’t be partisan. In regards to an administrative determination that they will veto it, I am not sure that their machine knows anything else except to send us an administrative statement saying they are going to veto it. I have been on the Rules Committee 1
1⁄2years now, and I think I have seen one bill that they thought maybe we could sign. Now, there is a balance between both, but that doesn’t bother me near as much as putting forth policy that actually helps and puts forward ideas that make sense. The Separation of Powers Restoration Act amends the Administrative Procedure Act to overturn two doctrines that call for judicial deference to agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions: the Chevron and Auer doctrines. The legalese description of the bill may sound dry, but its importance cannot be understated. Let’s just put it in plain English. The Separation of Powers Restoration Act ensures Federal bureaucrats 
can’t interpret the legality of their own regulations at the expense of hardworking Americans and the separation of powers. The United States Constitution clearly defines the duties of each branch of government, but today the executive branch far too often acts as a lawmaker or a law interpreter when it is supposed to be a law enforcer. And for this Congressman, this is both parties. I do not want the executive to take this constitutional role of this body. I don’t care who sits in the White House. This is not something that should be taking place. It has taken place over time. We have got to understand why this matters. This is a serious threat to the separation of powers. I believe the administration has gone out of its way to try to ignore or to rewrite what they don’t like from up here. The Chevron and Auer doctrines are helping them justify these unacceptable actions. Executive branches should be seen not as lawmaking authorities, but instead almost as expert advisers or witnesses on regulation. But under the Chevron doctrine, agencies essentially got the power to make policy when Congress either explicitly or implicitly delegated the power. b1515 Under the Chevron doctrine, or the Chevron deference, agencies are essentially free to define the meaning of statutes that they administer, and the courts defer to the agencies’ interpretations. Mr. Speaker, just for a moment, listen here. The courts have set up the Chevron doctrine and have said, basically, this may be what Congress said, and here is what unelected officials have said. We are going to side with them. At what point, in the judicial frame of reference, does that make sense when they are to be the interpreter of the law that has been written in these bodies—in this building—instead of by those down the street who have decided, in their own infinite wisdom, that they know better than those here? They may have larger degrees; they may have longer time; they may have studied it forever. That is fine. If they want to make law, let them put their money down and run for Congress. Do not make law from the cubicle, and that is what we are seeing. Unfortunately, the courts have said: We are going to side with the executive in this. In my opinion, this is out of the realm of what the Constitution actually states. In other words, really, what the courts are saying is, to avoid interpreting the law, they are allowing the agencies that wrote the regulations to be free to play political games and to do whatever they want to do. The Separation of Powers Restoration Act will address this situation. It replaces the current standard of review with a requirement that the courts review challenged agency decisions without their having deference or regard of the agency’s legal conclusions. This will ensure that unelected bureaucrats are not left to write and interpret laws in order to achieve political gain at the expense of the American people. Federal regulations impose more than $1.88 trillion—that is trillion with a T—on the economy. The regulatory burden and the unelected bureaucrats who implement it have spun out of control, and it is the taxpayers of America who are left holding the bag. I am tired of it, and I know the American people are tired of it. When I go home, one of the first things that is talked about is the overreach and the continuous burden of a bureaucracy that seems to be completely out of control. In northeast Georgia, examples of regulatory burden include everything from illconceived requirements for the poultry industry, to new labor requirements that impact manufacturers, to the silica rule’s effect on the granite industry in Elberton. It runs across the spectrum. In fact, with that last one, the silica rule, they can’t even measure what they are wanting to enforce. Explain to me how that helps business. Explain to me how that actually helps anyone when you can’t measure what you are wanting to actually enforce, except it sounds good, and it is a great press release as I have heard today. The press release is at the expense of American business and is not within the constitutional principles by which we operate. Part of the problem is that this is just an erosion of power. In fact, last month, the D.C. Circuit Court relied heavily on the Chevron deference to uphold the Federal Communications Commission’s Open Internet Order, also known as the net neutrality rule. That rule attempts to regulate our way to new innovation and is a huge blow to Internet freedom. The FCC said it was acting in the interest of fairness and competition, but, in reality, it stifled fairness and competition. A shocker there, Mr. Speaker. What the government interferes with typically doesn’t do what they intend it to do. We can go through program after program and see that. The FCC rule would slow Internet speeds, increase consumer prices, and hamper infrastructure development, including at my home in northeast Georgia, in my home district. Rather than interpreting the legality of the rule, the court’s decision basically said it was acceptable for Federal agencies to rewrite the law to suit political whims. The court deferred to the agency’s interpretation of its own rule. I wish I had the ability to say that with a Federal agency such as, maybe, the IRS. I am just going to write them a little letter and say: I interpret the law differently. I don’t owe anything this year. Thanks for asking—and have the court uphold mine. Do you think they would go along with that? No. Of course, this is the same IRS that has one person in control of almost a million people. They have one customer service agent in my district; so I don’t think they care, really, about that. You see, if you go back to this right here, it is interpretation. The court said: Interpret your own rules. Do what you want to do. The Chevron doctrine is bankrupt when it comes to the separation of powers. We have got to get back to a way that this actually does this. This simply does this, and this is not new. This is not something that is unheard of. Importantly, the bill will also extend this requirement to not only judicial review under the Administrative Procedure Act, but also to various mini APAs that are scattered throughout the United States Code. For example, the Clean Air Act includes its own individual version of the APA. This bill ensures cases like that can’t escape notice. We need to reverse the course. It is time we stopped diminishing congressional authority and handing the power over to the agencies. It is past time that we restore the checks and balances that our Founders built into this system. Mr. Speaker, this is where it is understandable. We can have differences of opinion on this floor. In fact, that is what our country was based on. We are going to have differences of opinion and different ways to go about it; but what I cannot understand is, on this floor, when we can’t even come together to say we will hold for our own authority—our own congressional, constitutional authority. We say we will happily give it, and let the courts say that the folks who have not been elected and who will be there, maybe, long after we are gone can decide that that is not what Congress really meant, whether it be a Democratic Congress or a Republican Congress, whether it be a Democratic President or a Republican President. The Constitution was set up with three branches—three, not one. Just because the one—the executive—feels that because there is inaction on the Hill it can do whatever it wants is no excuse to not go by the law. It is even less of an excuse that the courts should turn a blind eye to the intent of Congress. That is what this is about. We are going to hear everything else today on this rule. I just wanted to take a few minutes to talk about the actual rule before you, not about everything else. We will have plenty of time on that. This bill is a good bill. It does what it needs to do. It restores for Republicans and Democrats and the American people what it needs to have. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am tired of this Republican leadership, on a regular basis, bringing meaningless bills to this floor for debate and taking up the time of the Members and wasting taxpayers’ money. This bill is going nowhere, and we all know that. 
I am also tired of moments of silence after every massacre that occurs in this country—Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, Orlando, Aurora, Virginia Tech, Charleston. I can go on and on and on and on. All this body can do is have a moment of silence. We can’t even have a debate on the floor on serious legislation, which is bipartisan legislation, because the NRA wouldn’t like it. Too bad. Too many people are dying in this country, and we have to do something. We have to come together. Mr. Speaker, I ask that we defeat the previous question, and I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would allow the Attorney General to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. The Republican majority refused to even debate closing this glaring loophole for the first half of the year. Only after Democrats took action did the majority decide to offer a toothless NRA bill that will do nothing to keep our communities safer. The country, simply, cannot wait any longer for this Congress to take meaningful action to end gun violence. The American people will not be fooled by this latest—cynical—Republican capitulation to the gun lobby. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I, too, plan to vote to defeat the previous question so we can have some debate on some gun violence prevention legislation—which is long overdue to be debated in this body. The gentleman mentioned that he is going to offer our amendment on the no fly, no buy legislation—a Republican bill, authored by Republican Congressman PETER KINGfrom New York. I think it is essential that we do that. I understand we are also going to introduce an amendment on the background check legislation, which is also a bipartisan measure—with the overwhelmingly bipartisan support of 187 coauthors in this body. You have got to look at a lot of bills to find one that has that many coauthors—and bipartisan coauthors at that. Also, it is a measure that has overwhelming support amongst the American people. Upwards of around 90 percent of Americans believe that we should do everything possible to make it more difficult for people who shouldn’t have guns to be able to get guns. That is what our bill does. That is what our effort does. It makes it more difficult for individuals who shouldn’t have guns to get those guns. I have said it before on this floor, in an attempt to try and get a vote on this critically important legislation, that, if the Republicans don’t like the way we are working, work with us. Help us figure out what we can do to make our communities safer. To my friend on the other side of the aisle, do the Republican Members really believe that it should be easy for criminals, the mentally ill, domestic abusers, or terrorists to get guns? I know their constituents don’t think that they should be able to easily get guns. The truth of the matter is that the background check legislation that we have makes it more difficult. That is our first line of defense against criminals, the dangerously mentally ill, domestic abusers, and terrorists from being able to get guns. We should bring that bill to the floor; we should debate that bill; and we should pass it. We should be in step with the 90 percent of American people who think that comprehensive background checks should be the law of this great land. I am a gun owner. I believe strongly in the Second Amendment. Personally, I wouldn’t sell a gun to people unless I knew they weren’t criminals, they weren’t dangerously mentally ill, they weren’t domestic abusers, and they weren’t terrorists. How do you find out? If you are selling your gun to those you do not know, how do you know if they fall into one of these categories? That is why the background check is so critically important. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that 34 States do not go beyond what that Federal floor is. They allow guns to be sold at gun shows, through newspaper ads, or online without the benefit of there being a background check. We should stop that. We should make sure that we do everything we can to ensure that criminals, the dangerously mentally ill, domestic abusers, and terrorists don’t get guns. Right now, some 40 percent of the firearms that are sold in our country are sold without the benefit of there being a background check. How does that make our constituents safe? How does that make America more safe? It is shameful. We need to bring this bill to a vote. We need to pass a background check. We need to make sure that we know who it is who is buying guns. We must do everything we can to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have guns: criminals, the dangerously mentally ill, domestic abusers, and terrorists. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, we need to act. We need to act to save lives as 100,000 Americans have died in the last 31⁄2years since Sandy Hook—since 6 and 7yearolds were killed in my district. What has this House done? Nothing but hold moments of silence. Do any of my colleagues on either side of the aisle think that moments of silence are responsive to the needs of 100,000 American families who have lost loved ones in the last 3
1⁄2years? There is no other crisis we wouldn’t be responding to. That is why that sense of frustration and urgency is what caused 150 or more of my colleagues to come to the floor 2 weeks ago to demand that we vote on two commonsense, bipartisan bills. These are bipartisan, and they will save lives. Background checks on all commercial sales work. They have stopped over 2 million felons and domestic violence abusers from buying weapons in the last 20 years. Those are all lives that are potentially saved; so they actually work. We also have bipartisan no fly, no buy legislation. The no fly, no buy legislation would also help keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. With all due deference to other legislative matters, 100,000 American families have borne the ultimate loss of their loved ones while this body has failed to act. The time to act is now. We should call up these two bills and vote on them this week. We will continue to push these bills. b1530 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The purpose why we came to the floor was to support the rule and the underlying legislation. And I believe that the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) spoke very clearly about how this Congress needs to stand up and speak clearly about not only the role of Congress in writing laws, but also working more carefully with agencies as they write rules and regulations. We get that. We have oversight. We work with regulatory bodies. But what we are trying to say, as we provide the information on this bill, is that we want the courts to recognize that in the power struggle that takes place between the executive, legislative branch, and the courts, that we would like to defer to the people who originally wrote the law. What we are here to do today to talk about is exactly that. I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle feel like they have a lot of frustration about a lot of issues. I would say to them: 2 weeks ago, that was the Zika virus; this House has tried to work its will on that. We will get to rather quickly this issue of the terrorist watch list. What we are trying to do today are also things that are of grave importance to the American people because of the loss of jobs in this country, based upon the executive branch that 
is overusing what we believe are the rules and regulations to inhibit the American people that are costly—over a trillion dollars’ worth of cost—that have been placed over these years on private industry and the American citizens. We are here today to also talk about an important aspect, and that is jobs opportunity. The American people are overburdened. We are trying to bring back the discussion today that we believe the intent of those who write the law, that the rules and regulations that are the underpinning of how those laws will be looked at, will be supported by the same effort that we wrote the law with. And so we are trying to go back to the intent that the people who wrote the laws and the agencies that are attempting to enforce the laws, that they would mirror each other to the benefit of the American people. We have had virtually 1 percent GDP growth now during the entirety of President Obama’s administration. For 7 years, America has lagged behind in its ability to catch up and be competitive with the world. And the question becomes: Why do we allow the Federal Government to be bigger and larger and put roadblocks, impediments in front of job creators? That is why we are here today. We are here today to say we would like to balance out the process. We would like the courts to understand and the administration to understand that for America to continue to be competitive with the world, we have to go back to some balance of power that we believe directly is related to Article I; that we believe that the courts should understand that the original intent of laws come from the legislative process. And that is why we are on the floor today. We have too many people who cannot find work, cannot find a job because of rules and regulations that are burdening industry and people who are job creators. This is why we are here today, Mr. Speaker. I think we are here doing the right thing. We are talking about jobs, job creation, the original intent of this body, the legislation that is written by legislators with the intent and rule of law. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My Republican friends have the right to talk about whatever they want to talk about no matter how inconsequential or meaningless. We all know that this stuff we are dealing with today is going nowhere. We Democrats reserve the right to talk about matters of consequence, to talk about things that, quite frankly, our constituents are concerned about. From every public opinion poll I have seen, the majority of Americans want us to do something about it, and that is this issue of gun violence. People don’t want to have massacres become the new norm in this country. They want us to do something. I would suggest to my colleagues that those who are resisting, allowing us to have these debates and to have these votes are on the wrong side of not only public opinion, they are on the wrong side of history. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ), one of the leaders in our Caucus. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, the American people have been very clear. They are demanding a vote to keep American families safe from gun violence. When the Speaker announced a vote this week on gun legislation, the American people hoped this would be the moment when the silence would end and debating and voting here in Congress on commonsense proposals to curb gun violence would begin. Instead, American families have been given a baitandswitch. And for years, the majority of Americans have supported bipartisan, commonsense legislation that has been gathering dust on the Speaker’s desk. Over the last few weeks since the horrendous event in Orlando, whether it was a sitin on the floor of the House, to demonstrations across this country, the American people have clearly stated they will no longer stand for capitulation to the gun lobby. Yet, instead of listening to those demands, Speaker RYANhas doubled down on the gun lobby’s demands. You, in America, are 25 times more likely to be shot to death than in any other developed country. But we know it doesn’t have to be this way. We can look to my home State of Massachusetts where we rolled up our sleeves. We had tough debates with local communities, with sportsmen, with gun rights advocates, with law enforcement, moms, dads, teachers, voices from across our communities and neighborhoods. We worked together to close loopholes and enact some of the strongest gun safety bills in the country. What happened as a result? We in the Commonwealth are the third lowest in the country in terms of gun deaths. This wasn’t easy, but we fought for it because we knew it would save lives. Most importantly, the families of victims and survivors fought to make sure their voices were heard so others would not have to endure their same pain. Massachusetts lawmakers went to work for them. Shouldn’t the American people know that their Federal lawmakers work for them, too? So I ask the Speaker: Does this Congress work for the American people? Or are we working for the gun lobby? I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote the will of the American people, to reject a cynical bill bought and paid for by the gun lobby and that will do nothing to make Americans safe. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I ask this Congress to pass comprehensive background checks and to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists and defeat the previous question. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The bill that we are debating and going to vote on is a bill that is a very important bill talking about what is essentially the power of the United States Congress as we pass laws and to have the rules and regulations that are written by agencies to conform not only with the law, but even the intent of the law. This administration increasingly goes further and further and further and further beyond not only the original intent and narrowness of bills and laws, but they are into a power grab. That is why we are here, Mr. Speaker, because we are concerned about the GDP growth, the lack of jobs in this country, the huge number of people who are unemployed and the strong, strong support that they are not getting from Washington, D.C., to try and say that we need a progrowth agenda and we need less rules and regulations. We have many, many, many laws that are already on the books. And this administration keeps pouring on more and more and more rules, taking the laws that we have passed and taking advantage by writing rules that will inhibit not only business, but job creation. That is why we are on the floor today, and this is why Republicans will pass this bill, because we are talking about the real problems today that the average American has. Americans want to see themselves in a good job, a job that is located near their home, a job that provides good access not only for them, to provide more goods and services for their family, but for communities to survive the onslaught of rules and regulations where it seems like Washington knows better than people back home about how to provide not just jobs, but to make things better for people that are in their own environment. So, Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here. Republicans are going to stay after this. We deeply believe that what we are doing today is offering the American people a good solution to a huge, huge problem. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I would remind my colleague that what we are doing today is considering three rules that will bring forward legislation that is going absolutely nowhere. And when the gentleman talks about the power of Congress, he is right; Congress does have power. Congress has the power to actually pass a universal background check, to make sure that there are no loopholes in our law that allows criminals or suspected terrorists from getting weapons that they could use against our people. 
Congress could pass a no fly, no buy bill, which says that if you are on an FBI terrorist watch list, then you should not be able to go to a gun store and buy a gun. So we have the power to do some important things for the American people. Unfortunately, this leadership in this House refuses to bring these important priorities to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY), the vice chairman of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I sense a bit of frustration in the voice of my good friend from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ) in appealing to Democrats to focus on the issue before us. We are focusing on the issue before us, the issue of gun violence in America today. If we learn nothing from 2 weeks ago, we should have learned this: it is no longer business as usual, and we are going to use whatever tactics we need to to get on this floor votes on no fly, no buy and on universal background checks. We are not going to settle for what is being cooked up right now as we speak in the Rules Committee, which has taken the Cornyn language in the Senate that will provide for a 3day background check, which law enforcement has said over and over and over again will not work. So I can understand the frustration that I’m hearing, but I have to say get used to it because you are going to be frustrated for some time longer until we get on the floor a vote on those two measures that we have asked for. Now, Mr. Speaker, while most Americans were celebrating the anniversary of our Nation’s independence this last weekend, hundreds more were mourning the loss of loved ones. Because in the past 72 hours—in just these 72 hours—and since we have gotten these statistics, this number has probably grown. What we know is that 94 people died and 248 were injured due to gun violence in America. That is one person killed or injured about every 12 minutes. At the end of the day, that number will have increased at pretty much that same pace. Now, I know we could not have prevented all of these senseless deaths and injuries, but perhaps if this House majority had allowed action in some meaningful way to improve our gun laws, we could have prevented just some of them. Would that not have been worth it to have prevented just some of them? Democrats in the House have been calling on Speaker RYAN and Republican leadership to, at the very least, consider, debate, and vote on the reforms we are requesting. b1545 But not even the lowest common denominator, keeping firearms out of the hands of suspected terrorists, would be put to a vote on this floor. Until today maybe or maybe tomorrow. Caving in to the pressure—not that the House Democrats bore—the House Republicans have finally decided to address this issue, sort of, kind of. The legislation we will consider this week doesn’t really make Americans safer. In fact, it does just the opposite. The bill will actually create a brand new loophole just for terror suspects. That is right, despite Republicans’ description of the bill, individuals who are being investigated for links to terrorist groups won’t be kept from buying a gun under their bill. Instead, they will get the firearm they tried to buy just because their background check wasn’t completed in 72 hours, even if the background check fails at hour 73. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, we have called this the Charleston loophole because it is how Dylan Roof, who opened fire on a Bible study group at the AME church in Charleston, South Carolina, received his gun. He failed his background check, but not within 3 days, so he got his gun. And now the terror suspects will have that same opportunity. Now, given this, you would think the Republicans would provide the funding needed to complete background checks and make them faster, but not under the bill they have proposed. So let’s just call it what it is. More than the Charleston loophole, it is a brandnew ‘‘anywhere loophole’’ for terrorists. And dare I mention that all the other loopholes in our background check system will remain open under the legislation that they are stirring up in the Committee on Rules. So, Mr. Speaker, let’s be under no illusion. I get the frustration on the other side of the aisle. More frustration to come until we get a vote on this floor for universal background checks that are long enough for law enforcement to do their job and we get a vote on this floor on the no fly, no buy legislation. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Once again, what we are here to do today is to bring forth a bill that would bring about the constitutional authority that would give a clearer understanding and meaning to not only the legislative process, the executive process, but also the judicial process whereby there would be an understanding of the laws that are passed and rules and regulations which very understandably must be given to a branch of government, in this case the executive, to look at the law which the executive signed to determine its implementation. The facts of the case are that years later, this administration comes in and uses that same law which was very specific, which rules and regulations were passed for, and create new and onerous roadblocks and problems for not only industry, but also the development of jobs and job creation. And it is an apparent administration policy that they will use this as their advantage rulemaking authority to prevent further opportunities for us to grow jobs and job creation in this country. Mr. Speaker, I really could not be here at a more genuine time and say that just last month this great country only netted adding 28,000 jobs—net 28,000 jobs—and yet we had millions and millions of young people who had just graduated from high school or college who should be seeking an opportunity to help themselves into a line of business, into a career, into an opportunity to sustain themselves, their way of life, their city, their State, and this great Nation. But the sign is there that said: No jobs available; we are not interested; we cannot hire more people; no thank you. And the number one reason back from industry, from employers, from people who want to make America stronger is rules and regulations, rules and regulations coming out of Washington, D.C., that are harming job creation, that are impediments to effectively being able to create new jobs. That is uncertainty. That is agency power that specifically targets all sorts of industry in this country. And they are doing it for a reason—to the demise of the free enterprise system of America on behalf of Washington, D.C., unnamed, unknown bureaucrats who hide behind their rules and regulations. We, as Members of Congress, are getting questions: Hey, what about our generation having jobs? What about our communities that cannot have jobs and job creation? Ask the coal industry in West Virginia. The war on West Virginia, Ohio, Virginia, people who are in an industry not only that has a lineage in this country, but who have adapted themselves very rapidly in the environment that we are in. How about truckers, men and women who are engaged in moving goods and services back and forth? How about bankers? How about financial services people who look up and see a regulatory scheme that keeps coming after them? How about my old industry that I spent 16 years at, the telecommunications industry, that would wish to put an extra some $18 billion a year more in investment in the ground, up in the air, and available to people, $18 billion they would like to put into the ground for people to have better services? No. The rules and regulations out of Washington, D.C.—and that is why you see the Democratic Party today talking about something else, because they are protecting this administration. They are protecting these people who write rules and regulations who are making sure that we only have 1 percent GDP growth and, Mr. Speaker, only 28,000 net new jobs last year in the middle of summer in 2016. Meanwhile, we look up and India is at a 7.9 percent GDP growth rate. We are minuscule. We can’t sustain what we have, Mr. Speaker. That is why we are here. 
I understand the Democrats are frustrated. They are frustrated because their utopia of this idea of this land that would be just a giveaway isn’t working because people don’t have jobs, and that is why people are shooting each other—drug gangs, drug cartels, people who we have allowed to be in this country who shouldn’t be here. That is why, because there are not jobs for people to do, and they are taking it out on each other. So we are going to stay on the floor. We are going to get our work done here on this bill, and it is about jobs and job creation, but more important, it is back to the original intent of what we believe that those people who write the rules, that the rules and the laws should better be in line with what they wrote in the original intent. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the gentleman from Texas’ defense of what I think is a lousy and meaningless piece of legislation. It is going nowhere. And just so people can put it in perspective, basically what it is about is easing up on regulations on polluters and big corporations that, quite frankly, don’t care about average working people. But be that as it may, let me make clear to my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, that when I am asking Members to defeat the previous question, you can still vote on this meaningless and lousy piece of legislation. It would just also allow us to bring up the no fly, no buy legislation as well, the bipartisan no fly, no buy legislation. The underlying bill that the gentleman from Texas is talking about is a purely partisan document. And if we want to talk about how we get this economy moving even faster, maybe we ought to talk about how we work in a bipartisan way to do that, not constantly bringing partisan documents like this to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ). Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. It has nothing to do with the bad bill, as indicated. Mr. Speaker, for years Democrats in this House and a majority of the American people have demanded a vote on gun safety bills. After hundreds of thousands of Americans have lost their lives to a gun, Republican leadership is bringing up an NRAwritten bill that does little to make our communities safer. Republicans aren’t serious about gun reform, not even preventing suspected terrorists on the nofly list, like the one in Orlando, from buying a gun. It is ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous that suspected terrorists can still buy guns at gun shows or online without completing a background check, and it is downright irresponsible for this loophole to continue to put guns in the hands of those who shouldn’t have them. It is just as irresponsible for Republicans to allow the NRA and gun manufacturers to dictate how the gun industry is regulated. That is insane. Should we also allow the tobacco industry to write a bill regulating cigarettes? The answer to that is no. We should protect the people who elected us, not the interests of the gun lobby. With 33,000 friends and family members dying by a gun every year, it is truly upsetting that these bills fail on very short or real reform that would protect American lives. During the civil rights movement, when legislation was slow in moving, Dr. Martin Luther King asked the question: How long? He said: No matter how difficult the moment or how frustrating the hour, not long. And so today the question is: How long before someone who is on the no fly list can no longer buy a gun? I say not long because truth crushed to Earth will rise again. How long before the NRA run the Republican Congress? Not long because no lie can live forever. How long before the Republicans keep good bills from the floor? Not long because you shall reap what you sow. What we have and what we will have is legislation that will help reduce gun violence because the arc of the moral universe bends toward justice, and justice requires us to have a vote that will save American lives because Americans are sick and tired of being sick and tired of gun violence. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and underlying bill. I, instead, urge consideration of H.R. 1217, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act. This bipartisan bill has the support of 186 Members of Congress and it would simply require every firearm sale to conduct a background check. It is a commonsense bill that 90 percent of Americans support and that would save lives. Right now anyone can buy a gun online or at a gun show without a background check. I ask you, Mr. Speaker, how does that make sense? By not requiring background checks for gun shows or online purchases, we are inviting bad guys to access guns. We have a gaping hole in our system that must be closed. It is time for the House to take action on gun violence. This week we finally have a gun bill on the floor, except that it isn’t a gun violence prevention bill. It is a bill written by the big gun lobby that would give the Attorney General just 72 hours to determine if someone on the nofly list should be able to purchase a gun. To call this a gun violence protection bill is disrespectful and dishonors the millions of victims of gun violence. What will it take for this House to take action on a real gun violence bill? When Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was shot, Congress did nothing. When innocent schoolchildren were slaughtered in Newtown, this House did nothing. As thousands of Americans each month continue to fall victim to gun violence, this House does nothing. b1600 This past weekend, the world lost a great man, Elie Wiesel. He famously said that the opposite of love isn’t hate; it’s indifference. My Republican colleagues for too long have been indifferent to America’s gun violence epidemic. They have been indifferent to grieving mothers. They have been indifferent to dying children. They have been indifferent to communities that have lost hope for their future. They are indifferent to 90 percent of the American people who want expanded background checks. The American people are sick of this inaction. I am one of these Americans. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I can think of at least 185 other Americans in this Chamber right now who want to vote on a real gun violence prevention bill. Mr. Speaker, call a vote on H.R. 1217. This is the people’s House. The people and their Representatives are speaking. We implore you to find the courage to stand up against the gun lobby and call a vote on this commonsense, bipartisan bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that we can bring up bipartisan legislation that would allow the Attorney General to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Mr. Speaker, enough is enough is enough is enough. The American people demand action. We are supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world. It is time we act like it. Vote ‘‘no’’ to defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, my friends failed to tell you that we know of not one person— not one—that has used the terrorist watch list as an excuse to buy a gun and do things. What they are forgetting to tell you is that we do have a problem with terrorists and people in this country. The President of the United States is not, in my opinion and in many other people’s opinion, taking executive and affirmative action against this. They 
can’t even call terrorism what it really is. That is our problem. But today, Mr. Speaker, we are on the floor trying to debate a bill which we are going to be voting on in a few minutes. In 2014, Mr. Speaker, 224 laws were enacted by Congress during the calendar year, yet 3,554 rules were passed by agencies. That means that there were 16 rules issued for every law. Mr. Speaker, the administration is attempting to smother, to overrun the free enterprise system in favor of administrations that are not for job creation, that are not for raising GDP. They have a 7year history of trying to kill the free enterprise system. We are here for the American people to talk about jobs and job creation and more investment in America. As long as you have got an administration that is all about issuing some 3,554 new rules in exactly 1 year, you have got a problem. That is why we are here. Mr. Speaker, I know what we are trying to do, and so do they. This legislation restores all Americans’ basic rights and it also helps this body. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1270, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 793 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 793 provides for consideration of H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication Act. The rule provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the majority and minority of the Committee on Ways and Means. Further, the rule makes in order an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of the Rules Committee print considered previously during the Rules Committee hearing on this measure. As is standard with all legislation pertaining to the Tax Code, the Committee on Rules made no further 
amendments in order; however, the rule affords the minority the customary motion to recommit. Under the rule, we will be considering commonsense policies from three different bills that empower individuals and families as healthcare consumers, while protecting taxpayer dollars. Each bill advanced through regular order and was favorably reported out of the Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication Act, would eliminate barriers created in the Affordable Care Act for those who want to purchase over thecounter medications with funds from their health savings accounts. Congresswoman LYNN JENKINS of Kansas introduced this bipartisan, bicameral bill to cut through the bureaucratic red tape created in the President’s healthcare law. H.R. 5445, the Health Care Security Act, introduced by Congressman PAULSENand myself, eliminates certain burdensome limitations on health savings accounts to help consumers take back control of their health spending decisions. Finally, H.R. 4723, also introduced by Congresswoman JENKINS , protects taxpayers by recovering improper payments of Affordable Care Act subsidies. At the end of last month, the Speaker’s Task Force on Health Care Reform released the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act and modernize the American healthcare system. Good policy that will stand the test of time requires hard work, compromise, and the scrutiny of the American people. As, unfortunately, we learned during the runup to the Affordable Care Act, policy hastily crafted by government bureaucrats behind closed doors results in devastating consequences. While we are committed to largescale reform, real people are struggling as we speak, and we are not waiting to take action. These bills are an important example of the work that is going on right now to advance Memberdriven solutions that will improve health care for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, the postAffordable Care Act world is riddled with flaws, but one of its biggest problems is the failure to promote consumerdriven health care. Expanding the use of health savings accounts could go a long way to reverse this trend. Health savings account plans give consumers incentives to manage their own healthcare costs by coupling a tax favored savings account used to pay medical expenses with a highdeductible health plan that meets certain requirements for deductibles and outof pocket expense limits. The funds in the health savings account are owned by the individual, controlled by the individual, and may be rolled over from year to year. Health savings accounts are not a novel idea. They have been available since 2004. In fact, their precursor, the medical savings account, is enjoying its 20th anniversary of being signed into law this month as part of the KennedyKassebaum Act back in 1996. Current HSA policy is extraordinarily restrictive, making it harder for consumers to take advantage of them. While I have spent several years in developing extensive reforms to tap the potential for health savings accounts for consumers, H.R. 5445 includes meaningful improvements that can actually get across the finish line today. Deductibles and outofpocket limits have been steadily growing. Congress should be taking steps to make it easier for Americans to save, not restricting their options. Unfortunately, current law limits health savings account contributions to levels that are lower than the combined annual limits on deductibles and outofpocket expenses. H.R. 5445 resolves this discrepancy by raising the individual and family contribution limits for health savings accounts to equal the annual limit on deductibles and outofpocket costs. Another problem in current law reduces the flexibility of HSAs for married couples. Under current law, if both spouses are HSAeligible and age 55 or older, they must open separate HSA accounts to be able to make the maximum available contribution. Individuals should not be forced to jump through hoops just to save for their health care. H.R. 5445 would allow both spouses to deposit catchup contributions into a single health savings account. Finally, H.R. 5445 will take steps to ensure that HSA funds can reliably be used for medical expenses. Under current law, taxpayers may use HSA funds only for qualified medical expenses incurred after the establishment of the HSA, which might be some time after the establishment of the associated highdeductible health plan. If, for example, the taxpayer purchases an HSAeligible health plan and then immediately incurs medical expenses before opening the HSA, the taxpayer may not usetax favored HSA funds to pay those expenses. H.R. 5445 would treat HSAs opened within 60 days after gaining coverage under an HSAeligible plan as having been opened on the same day as the health plan. This would allow for a reasonable grace period between the time of coverage through an HSAeligible plan and establishment of the actual health savings account. H.R. 1270, the base bill, makes commonsense, patientcentered reforms to help defray costs for individuals. Overthecounter medications, such as allergy or cold medications, proton pump inhibitors, antibiotic ointment, or pain relievers were historically eligible expenditures for a health savings account and other similar taxfavored healthcare accounts. However, the Affordable Care Act created a requirement in Federal law that forces the accountholders to go to their doctor to obtain a prescription for these over thecounter medications before purchasing them with their health savings account or flexible savings account. Individuals who fail to jump through these hoops and purchase overthe counter medications without a prescription face a tax penalty for making a nonqualified distribution. This policy drives unnecessary utilization of doctors’ services, decreases access to reasonable overthecounter medications, and discourages people from taking control of saving for their healthcare needs. H.R. 1270 repeals this harmful provision of the President’s healthcare law, puts the consumer back in the driver’s seat, and allows sufficient access to appropriate medication. b1615 Last but not least, H.R. 4723 fulfills our duty as stewards of the tax dollars of hardworking Americans. Improper subsidy payments are treated to arbitrary and inconsistent standards. This is surely not good governance. The policy of H.R. 4723 will ensure that everyone who receives improper Affordable Care Act subsidy overpayments will be treated identically. This commonsense solution is a straightforward approach to saving billions of tax dollars for hardworking Americans. Instead of empowering individuals, the Affordable Care Act erected barriers to consumerdriven health care. The combined policies in H.R. 1270 are an attempt to instill some of the rationality of a marketbased system into the chaotic world of the Affordable Care Act. H.R. 1270 makes targeted but important reforms to strengthen the integrity of the healthcare system and improve access to quality care. This legislation is another example of the concrete actions that are being taken to return power to individual healthcare consumers. I encourage colleagues to improve the state of health care in America and vote for the rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 1270. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. I appreciate having an opportunity to debate the rule because, as we learned a couple of weeks ago, we are not always guaranteed that right. I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, Mr. Speaker, with regard to the underlying bill that would be considered if this rule were passed, H.R. 1270, the socalled Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2015, I will insert into the RECORD the Statement of Administration Policy, which says that if the President were presented with H.R. 1270, he would veto the bill. Let me just read the first paragraph so my colleagues know why. He says: ‘‘The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 1270, which would create new and unnecessary tax breaks that disproportionately benefit highincome people, 
increase taxes for low and middleincome people, and do nothing to improve the quality of or address the underlying costs of health care.’’ 
H.R. 1270—THE RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICA TION ACT OF 2015 —REP. JENKINS , R–KS, AND 39  
COSPONSORS  The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 1270, which would create new and unnecessary tax breaks that disproportionately benefit highincome people, increase taxes for low and middleincome people, and do nothing to improve the quality of or address the underlying cost of health care. The Affordable Care Act is working and is fully integrated into an improved American health care system. Discrimination based on preexisting conditions is a thing of the past. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million more Americans have health insurance. And under the Affordable Care Act, we have seen the slowest growth in health care prices in 50 years, benefiting all Americans. H.R. 1270 would repeal the Affordable Care Act’s provisions that limit the use of flexible savings accounts for overthecounter drugs—provisions that help fund the law’s coverage improvements and expansions. The bill also would provide additional tax breaks that disproportionately benefit those with higher income by expanding taxpreferred health savings accounts. These changes would do little to reduce health care costs or improve quality. To fund these new highincome tax breaks, H.R. 1270 would increase taxes paid by low and middleincome families by removing the law’s limit on repayment of premium tax credits available through the Health Insurance Marketplaces. Rather than refighting old political battles by once again voting to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, Members of Congress should be working together to grow the economy, strengthen middleclass families, and create new jobs. If the President were presented with H.R. 1270, he would veto the bill. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, like the previous bill we considered, this is a bill that is going nowhere. And it is, I guess, the 64th time that we have voted and considered a bill to either repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act, but we have yet to consider one piece of legislation, not even one, to deal with the issue of preventing any additional gun violence in this country. For some reason, the leadership of this House can’t find the time to have that debate and to bring such legislation to the floor, like the legislation we have been advocating for, which is the no fly, no buy legislation, which says that if you are on the FBI terrorist watch list and you cannot fly on an airplane, that you ought not to be able to go in and buy a gun. And the other piece of legislation would be one that would close all these loopholes that are currently in our background check laws; loopholes that say that, while you need to get a background check when you go into a licensed gun dealer, you don’t need one if you buy a gun online or if you buy a gun at a gun show. I mean, how ridiculous is that? And for the life of me, why that kind of initiative is controversial or so difficult to get to the House floor is beyond me. I just don’t get it. The number of mass shootings in the United States of America continues to increase. There were 372 mass shootings in the United States in 2015, killing 475 people and wounding 1,870 people. Why isn’t there more alarm about those statistics by my friends on the other side of the aisle? There were 64 school shootings in 2015. I mean, nobody should have to worry about the safety of their child when they send them to school in the morning. Nobody should have to worry about their safety if they go into a movie theater or if they go into a church or if they go into a nightclub. Yet gun violence is at an epidemic level in this country, and we can’t seem to get the leadership in this House to want to do anything about it. Now, I guess in response to the sitin that the Democrats did 2 weeks ago, and to the growing calls that I know my colleagues are getting from concerned citizens, they are trying to bring a bill to the floor that essentially was written by the National Rifle Association, which I guess is a sound bite. But other than that, you can’t say much about it because it would still allow people on the terrorist watch list to be able to get guns. So, Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my colleagues that they can talk all they want about bills that are going nowhere, about meaningless pieces of legislation. That is their right. But we have the right—unless my colleagues want to take that away from us, too— to speak about the issue that, quite frankly, is in the forefront of the minds of the American people. Every public opinion poll shows that 85, 90, 95 percent, Democrats and Republicans, support the commonsense gun safety legislation that we have proposed, and yet we can’t even get a vote. The greatest deliberative body in the world, and we can’t deliberate on the great issues confronting our country. We have to deliberate on issues that are going nowhere, issues that amount to nothing more than a press release written in the basement of the Republican Congressional Committee. I think that is shameful. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON). Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote against this rule so we can bring up an amendment that will keep our constituents safe; a bill that would say if you are on the terrorist watch list, you can’t buy a gun; and an amendment that says that if you buy a gun, you should have a background check. Federal law says that if you buy a gun at a licensed dealer, you have to get a background check. So about 60 percent of the guns that are purchased are purchased in a situation where a licensed dealer is involved, and they go through a background check. The reason for this is to make sure that criminals, the dangerously mentally ill, domestic abusers, and terrorists can’t get their hands on firearms. It makes it more difficult for them to get their hands on firearms, so it is our first line of defense. The problem is about 40 percent of the guns that are purchased are able to go around that requirement for a background check. Now, the irony is the places where they buy them. They buy them online. They buy them at gun shows. And if you go to a gun show or if you go online, there are licensed dealers that sell guns there. And if you go to the table that the licensed dealer has and try and buy a gun, you have to get a background check. Well, if you can’t pass a background check, you can go to the next table, you can find an individual selling guns at a gun show, and you can buy the same gun without going through a background check. Thirtyfour States allow guns to be sold through commercial sales without the benefit of a background check. This is tragic. Even if you are from one of the 16 States that don’t allow it, all you have to do is, all a terrorist, a criminal, or a domestic abuser, all they have to do is just drive to the State next door that doesn’t require background checks, buy the gun, and bring it back to your neighborhood. Now we know this happens. We know this. I have a friend, Elvin Daniels, from Wisconsin, whose sister was threatened by her husband. She got a restraining order. The husband went to the gun store to try and buy a gun, and because there was a restraining order, he was prohibited from buying that gun. So he went online, he bought the same gun he was prohibited from buying in the gun store, killed Elvin’s sister and two other people. Background checks work. We know that in the licensed dealers arena, where you have to have a background check, 170 felons a day are prohibited from buying guns. Fifty domestic abusers a day are stopped from buying guns. Yet we allow an avenue for domestic abusers, the dangerously mentally ill, criminals, and terrorists to go straight down the road and buy a gun without the benefit of a background check. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Now, I want to emphasize there is nothing about either one of our measures—as a matter of fact, they are Republican bills that we are trying to bring to the floor—there is nothing about either one of them that is against the Second Amendment. 
I am a gun owner. I believe strongly in the Second Amendment. And the Supreme Court spelled out specifically in the Heller decision that individuals have a right to own firearms. But they also said that there can be certain restrictions, restrictions such as criminals, terrorists, domestic abusers, dangerously mentally ill; they can’t have guns. Well, you can’t do that unless you have a background check. Now, 70 of my friends across the aisle voted to augment the funding for the background check system, $20 million they voted to add to the system. How can you vote to fund a system, spend 20 million taxpayer dollars to fund a system that you won’t require people to use? It is absurd. What are you afraid of? What are you afraid of that you won’t bring this bill to the floor for a vote? Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this time I am happy to yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the American people may be wondering why my colleagues and I are focusing on gun violence today and not on this financial services appropriations bill which, I should add, is loaded with poison pill riders. The reason is simple. We refuse to continue treating gun violence as business as usual in America. Fortynine were killed in Orlando. We took a moment of silence, then it was business as usual. Fourteen were killed in San Bernardino. We took a moment of silence, then it was business as usual. Nine were killed in Roseburg. We took a moment of silence, then it was business as usual. Nine more were killed in Charleston. We took a moment of silence, then it was business as usual. Thirtythree thousand were killed by gun violence last year. We took a moment of silence, then it was business as usual. I cannot, in good conscience, debate a rule on an appropriations bill when so many of our communities continue to suffer from gun violence every day. I hear my Republican colleagues say this is our democracy at work, but a Congress that rejects two gun violence prevention bills that are supported by 90 percent of Americans is not democracy at work. I hear my Republican colleagues say we don’t have the votes. Then prove it. Bring these bills to the floor. I am betting they pass. Every day that goes by, these firearms become more powerful and our failure to act becomes more reckless. I implore my Republican friends to disobey the gun lobby, hold a vote, and let’s pass legislation that will save American lives. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it seems that when it comes time to attempt another repeal of the Affordable Care Act, House Republicans are willing to bring an unlimited number of bills to this floor, consume an almost unlimited amount of this House’s resources. It seems that Congress is always ready to act and always ready to have debates and votes on their favorite issues for their favorite special interests. But when it comes to the worsening gun violence epidemic in America, we are back to the moments of silence. We are back to the banging of the gavel, the 30 seconds, at best, of silence, followed by another bang of that gavel and the resumption of business as usual; no meaningful debates, no meaningful votes. And we are now hearing that this week we are going to get a glorified moment of silence, a bill, written and blessed by the NRA, that would not keep guns out of the hands of terrorists or other dangerous people because it imposes a completely arbitrary 72hour time window within which standards must be met that are simply unachievable. The prosecutor, the U.S. attorney, the Attorney General, must somehow, within this 72hour window, marshal evidence that meets a probable cause standard that an individual is about to commit an act of terror, serve process on this individual, make sure that individual has been able to hire an attorney, and give that individual the opportunity to show up at a hearing and present their side of the case. b1630 If none of that happens within 72 hours, guess what. They get to proceed right to their gun purchase. So this is not meaningful gun violence reform. This is window dressing. This is cosmetic. It is a glorified moment of silence. If we defeat the previous question on the 4,000th attempt to repeal or undermine ObamaCare, we can get serious about this issue. We can show the American people that we are listening to their voices and that we take seriously the thousands of people who are killed by gun violence each and every year. We can bring forward bills that will make a difference—and that is what we should do, Mr. Speaker. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question. If we do, I will once again offer an amendment to the rule to bring up no fly, no buy, bipartisan legislation that would give the Attorney General the authority to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, the American people sent us here to solve problems. They sent us here to work together to help the American people. Frankly, the American people are getting pretty frustrated. We noticed a little bit of frustration break out on the floor of this body 2 weeks ago, and they did that because, although we are hearing today about the consumer reigns supreme, the American people are afraid. They are afraid right now because you have to worry when you are praying in a church, when you are teaching or have your child in a first grade classroom, when you are playing in a park, walking down a street, or enjoying a Saturday night at a nightclub that a dangerous person with a gun may cut you down. That is the most fundamental right we all have as Americans, our right to our very lives, and we have not been allowed the opportunity to even debate this matter in the 3
1⁄2years that I have been in Congress. The time has passed. The time has passed for handwringing and for moments of silence. We have two bills. They are bipartisan bills. They will make a meaningful difference and save lives. We should call them up this week. The time is now. If you are too dangerous to get on an airplane because you are dangerous to the national security of this country, you should not be free to buy an arsenal. We should pass no fly, no buy. Fundamentally, we need to have expanded background checks on all sales of guns. None of this other legislation works. If we don’t ask whether you are a dangerous, forbidden, prohibited person from buying a weapon, then even closing the terrorist watch list will be of no meaning because you can just go online, as so many Americans now do, and avoid the law. It is our job to help fix problems and to make things right. We are not doing our job if we are not debating—much less even voting on—legislation that will save lives. The time has come to act. The time is now: no fly, no buy this week; expanded background checks this week. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding I come to the floor again to ask my Republican colleagues to bring to the 
floor two commonsense proposals that will significantly reduce gun violence in this country. We have, each day it feels like—certainly regularly—come to the floor of the House and observed moments of silence. That is what we have done. We have spent one moment, said, and done nothing as our communities continue to be ravaged by gun violence. There are many of us who believe we have a responsibility to do more than to just observe moments of silence. So these two bills are overwhelmingly supported by the American people. The first bill says that if you are determined to be too dangerous to get on an airplane, if you are a suspected terrorist barred from getting on an airplane because it is too dangerous, then you should also be prevented from going into a gun store and buying as many guns as you want. The American people should know this: between 2004 and 2014, over 2,000 individuals on the terrorist watch list went into a gun store and bought guns. Ninetyfive percent of the American people who have been killed by terrorists since September 11 in this country were killed with a firearm. We have allowed more than 2,000 individuals on that watch list, that terrorist watch list, to go into a gun store. We must stop that. No fly, no buy: if you are too dangerous to get on a plane, then you are too dangerous to buy a gun. We owe it to those we serve, the people who sent us here, to end this practice and close this loophole. The second bill is to ensure that there are universal background checks. Background checks work. Every day, 171 attempted purchases by felons are stopped because of criminal background checks; 48 attempted purchases by domestic abusers and 19 attempted purchases by fugitives are stopped every single day in those sales where background checks occur. But some reports are that up to 35 percent of gun sales don’t have a background check because they happen on the Internet or they happen at gun shows. Background checks make sense. Ninety percent of the American people support universal background checks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Universal background checks will require that all gun sales be subjected to that important safeguard. This is about our solemn responsibility to keep our constituents safe. We can’t pass a bill that is going to eliminate every single instance of gun violence, but I will tell you this: we can do a lot to significantly reduce gun violence in this country. These two bills are an important first step, broadly supported by the American people. I know that I speak for so many of my constituents when I say that we have a moral responsibility to do something to respond to the carnage of gun violence in this country. I had an event in Rhode Island at the National Day of Action, and a couple came up to me. They said: Congressman, we lost our son at Virginia Tech. When we saw you and your colleagues sitting down on the House floor, we thought finally someone is trying to do something about it. Let’s respond to those parents and to all the other parents who have lost a child to gun violence. Let’s pass these two bills and show the American people we can get something done that will help keep them safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to bring those bills to the floor, and I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from 141 of the Nation’s leading medical and public health organizations, a letter sent to all Members of Congress that urges us to end the dramatic and chilling effect of the current rider language restricting gun violence research, which, apparently, in the wisdom of the people who run this House, thought they would prevent the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention the ability to do research into this, which shows you just how powerful the National Rifle Association is in this House of Representatives. 
health and protect the safety of all Americans. Sincerely, Academic Consortium for Integrative Medicine & Health Academic Pediatric Association Alameda Health System Department of Emergency Medicine American Academy of Family Physicians American Academy of Pediatrics American Association for the Advancement of Science American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy American Association of Nurse Practitioners American College of Emergency Physicians American College of Emergency Physicians, California Chapter American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine American College of Physicians American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists American Educational Research Association American Geriatrics Society American Medical Association American Medical Student Association American Medical Women’s Association American Pediatric Society American Psychiatric Association American Psychological Association American Public Health Association American Society for Clinical Pathology American Society of Hematology American Thoracic Society American Trauma Society Arkansas Public Health Association Asociacio´n de Salud Pu´blica de Puerto Rico Association for Psychological Science Association of American Universities Association of Medical School Pediatric Department Chairs Association of Population Centers Association of Public and Landgrant Universities Big Cities Health Coalition Boulder County Public Health Brigham Psychiatric Specialties California Center for Public Health Advocacy California Public Health AssociationNorth Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists Central Oregon Medical Society ChampaignUrbana Public Health District Chicago Center for Psychoanalysis Chicago chapter Physicians for Social Responsibility Colorado Public Health Association Committee of Interns and Residents/SEIU Healthcare Congregation Gates of Heaven Consortium of Social Science Associations Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists Cure Violence Delaware Academy of Medicine/Delaware Public Health Association Doctors Council SEIU Doctors for America Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma Federation of Associations in Behavioral and Brain Sciences Florida Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, Inc. Futures Without Violence Georgia Public Health Association Hawaii Public Health Association Health Officers Association of California Houston Health Department Illinois Public Health Association International Society for Developmental Psychobiology Iowa Chapter Physicians for Social Responsibility Iowa Public Health Association JPS Health Network Kansas Public Health Association Koop Institute KU Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health Law and Society Association Lee County Health Department Local Public Health Association of Minnesota Louisiana Center for Health Equity Maine Public Health Association Maryland Academy of Family Physicians Minnesota Public Health Association Montana Public Health Association National AHEC Organization National Association of County and City Health Officials National Association of Medical Examiners National Association of Nurse Practitioners in Women’s Health National Association of Social Workers National Association of State Emergency Medical Services Officials National Association of State Head Injury Administrators National Black Nurses Association National Hispanic Medical Association National Medical Association National Network of Public Health Institutes National Physicians Alliance National Violence Prevention Network Nevada Public Health Association New Hampshire Public Health Association New Mexico Public Health Association North Carolina Public Health Association Ohio Public Health Association Oregon Academy of Family Physicians Oregon Physicians for Social Responsibility Oregon Public Health Association Pediatric Policy Council Physicians for Social Responsibility, Arizona Chapter Physicians for a National Health Program NY Metro Chapter Physicians for Reproductive Health Physicians for Social Responsibility/Northeast Ohio Physicians for Social Responsibility Wisconsin Physicians for Social Responsibility, Arizona Chapter Physicians for Social Responsibility/New York Physicians for the Prevention of Gun Violence Population Association of America Prevention Institute Psychonomic Society Public Health Association of Nebraska Public Health Association of New York City Public Health Institute Research!America RiverStone Health Safe States Alliance San Francisco Bay Area Chapter, Physicians for Social Responsibility Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine Society for Advancement of Violence and Injury Research Society for Mathematical Psychology Society for Pediatric Research Society for Psychophysiological Research Society for Public Health Education Society of Experimental Social Psychology Society of General Internal Medicine Southern California Public Health Association Southwest Ohio Society of Family Medicine Student National Medical Association Suicide Awareness Voices of Education Texas Doctors for Social Responsibility Texas Public Health Association Trauma Foundation TriCounty Health Department Trust for America’s Health United Physicians of Newtown Vermont Public Health Association Virginia Public Health Association Washington Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics Washington State Public Health Association Wellness Institute of Greater Buffalo Whiteside County Health Department 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. When I spoke earlier, I asked: What are you afraid of? Why won’t you bring these bills to the floor? I think back to when I met with the parents of some of the children who were killed in one of the most horrific incidents in our country, the terrible, terrible incident at Sandy Hook Elementary School, and listening to the parents and hearing their stories, and I can’t help but think to myself: Are you more afraid to bring this bill to the floor for a vote than those kids were hiding for their lives in those classrooms? Are you more afraid than those moviegoers in Aurora, Colorado, who were hiding, trying not to be killed? Are the people who were praying in Charleston when they were gunned down, are you more afraid; is this more frightening than what they experienced or San Bernardino or Orlando? What is stopping you from bringing commonsense, proSecond Amendment gun violence prevention legislation to the floor for a vote? Gun owners are for this. I am a gun owner. I have told you that before. As a matter of fact, I am proud to say I am one of the 26 Democrats who were labeled by the rightwing media for being hypocrites because we owned guns and we want to pass gun violence prevention legislation. As a matter of fact, I bought a gun. I bought it before the break but picked it up during the break because, in California, not only are you required to get a background check, but there is a coolingoff period that they require. You have to wait 10 days. So before the break, I bought a gun from a very close friend of mine, someone whom I have known for over 25, 30 years, yet the law says background check. It wasn’t a problem. I took it in, left the gun. My friend signed the paper. I signed the paper. Ten days later, over this last break, I came and picked it up. It is no big deal. Why would you want to sell a gun to someone who may be a criminal, dangerously mentally ill, a domestic abuser, or a terrorist? These bills make sense. Bring them to the floor, and let’s vote. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding to me because I must rise in strong opposition to H. Res. 794 and H.R. 5485. They assault the District of Columbia’s right to govern itself. 
This bill contains undemocratic, harmful, Big Government riders that prohibit the D.C. government from spending its local funds, consisting of local taxes and fees, as it deems necessary. In addition, the Republicanled Rules Committee has allowed Representative GARY PALMER to offer an amendment and interfere with my jurisdiction to keep D.C. from spending its local funds to enforce its own employment nondiscrimination law. This bill repeals the D.C. budget autonomy referendum, which allows D.C. to spend its local funds after a 30day review period. The Rules Committee prevented me from offering my amendments to strike the provisions in this bill that prohibit D.C. from spending its local funds on taxing and regulating marijuana sales and on abortion services for lowincome women. Let’s see the results. While recreational marijuana use is legal under D.C. law, Congress has uniquely prohibited the city from spending its local funds to set up a tax and regulatory system. This rider, therefore, has been referred to as the Drug Dealer Protection Act. As one marijuana dealer told the press, the rider is ‘‘a license for me to print money.’’ Regulating marijuana, like alcohol, would allow D.C., instead of violent drug gangs, to control marijuana production, distribution, sales, and revenue collection. Every State has the authority to spend its own funds on abortion services for lowincome women, and 17 States fund these services. The rider in this bill effectively prevents lowincome women in D.C. from exercising their constitutional right to abortion, just affirmed by the Supreme Court, by depriving them of necessary funds. Republicans claim to support devolving Federal authority to State and local governments. Here is your chance. That support should not end at the D.C. border. The Constitution allows, but does not require, Congress to legislate on local D.C. matters. The Rules Committee had a choice to allow me to offer my amendments on the floor to strike the D.C. marijuana and abortion riders as well as to block the amendment on the D.C. nondiscrimination law. In our democracy in the 21st century, these decisions should not be difficult because these are purely local matters. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. BURGESS. I yield myself 2 minutes, Mr. Speaker. I just want to again clarify what we have under consideration at this time, three different bills, a rule that would allow votes on three different bills that empower individuals and families as healthcare consumers while protecting taxpayer dollars. Each of these bills did advance through regular order and was favorably reported out of the Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication Act, would eliminate barriers created in the Affordable Care Act for those who want to purchase over thecounter medications with funds from their health savings account. H.R. 5445, the Health Care Security Act, introduced by Congressman PAULSEN and myself, eliminates certain burdensome limitations on health savings accounts to help consumers take back control of their healthcare spending decisions. Finally, H.R. 4723, also introduced by Congresswoman JENKINS , protects taxpayers by recovering improper overpayments from subsidies awarded under the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ). Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my opposition to the rule being debated on the floor this evening, but also take this opportunity to remind the Speaker that the American people are waiting. They are waiting for us to bring commonsense gun violence prevention measures to this floor. Mr. Speaker, every day in New York City and in the Borough of Brooklyn, people are hurt and killed by gun violence. Too many families hold fear and sorrow in their hearts from their experiences with senseless gun violence. Mr. Speaker, people in my district and from all over our Nation have been demanding action. You and your Republican colleagues cannot continue to ignore their pleas and their pain. Well, I cannot ignore their pleas and their pain, and my Democratic colleagues will not either. Enough is enough. Congress must act to protect the lives of Americans. Congress must do more than hold a moment of silence to absolve you, Mr. Speaker, of your role in the death and destruction due to gun violence. For me and many in this Nation, gun violence is personal and it has hit home. My colleague, former New York City Councilman James E. Davis, was gunned down in the chambers of the New York City Council before me and his colleagues, the New Yorkers who visited our gallery, and the children, who were part of our audience on that infamous day. Whether it is in the legislative chamber of city hall, in a theater, an elementary school, or a night club, gun violence must end. Mr. Speaker, I will work tirelessly, relentlessly here on Capitol Hill to protect our communities from the ever present threat of gun violence. I will continue to stand with all people of goodwill to demand action on the legislation that puts an end to this crisis. I will be their voice here in Washington, D.C. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by saying that it is frustrating for not only many of us on this side of the aisle, but I am sure it must be frustrating to the American people who are watching this debate that here we are debating a bill that would essentially be the 64th bill that we have debated and voted on to either repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act. We all know this bill is not going anywhere, and I doubt very much that we will see much action in the Senate, but we know that the President will definitely veto it. This is not like the other bills that we have been dealing with in this Congress, bills that really are more designed for press releases and sound bites than for really, actually, making people’s lives better. In the aftermath of Orlando where 49—49—of our brothers and sisters were murdered, the best that the leadership of this House could do was have a moment of silence. I have to tell you, people that I have talked to in the aftermath of that moment of silence viewed that as the ultimate inaction by Congress because all we do is moments of silence when there are massacres. We don’t do moments of silence after each individual loses a life to gun violence in this country because we would never have time to do anything else if we did. But people are just so angry that the people who serve in this Chamber don’t seem to have the political will to do anything about it. I mean, massacre after massacre after massacre cannot be the new norm. Last Wednesday, a number of us participated in a national day of action all across the country in an attempt to try to raise awareness of ways to prevent gun violence. I did one in Worcester, Massachusetts, where I am from. We had a grandmother, Beverly Spring, who talked about how she lost not only one grandson to gun violence, but she lost two grandchildren to gun violence. Does anybody have any idea the heartache that this woman and mothers and fathers and grandmothers and grandfathers have gone through who have lost their loved ones to gun violence? Does anyone have any idea the pain of those family members whose loved ones were lost in Orlando or Aurora or Sandy Hook? Or I could go right down the list of massacres. I am asking my colleagues here to give us an opportunity to have a debate and to have a vote on two commonsense gun safety legislative initiatives. One is no fly, no buy. And the other is let’s have our background check system be universal so that people who have criminal backgrounds or who have a history of mental illness do not go to gun shows to buy guns or go online to buy guns. That is why I am urging my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If we defeat the previous question, we could vote on the underlying bill, but we could vote on this sensible piece of 
legislation. Enough is enough. Let’s do something. Let’s not just sit around here and continue to be indifferent. The American people expect more of us than what they have seen. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for consideration of an important bill to correct some of the most egregious changes in the Affordable Care Act that affected individuals’ ability to save for their own healthcare needs. I was happy to be able to work with Mr. PAULSEN , Ms. J ENKINS , and Mr. K IND, who each contributed to the underlying legislation which will be considered by the House following the passage of today’s rule. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 794 provides for consideration of H.R. 5485, the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017. The rule provides 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The resolution also provides for consideration of 70 amendments to H.R. 5485, and provides the minority the customary motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5485, the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, provides $10.9 billion for the Internal Revenue Service, maintains the current $2.1 billion level for taxpayer services, and provides a further $290 million to improve customer service such as phone call and correspondence response times, fraud prevention, and cybersecurity. For the past several years, the American public has viewed the Federal Internal Revenue Service as one that targets organizations for their political affiliation, slowing down approval for taxexempt status, and attempting to chill their First Amendmentprotected speech. House Republicans have exposed the many violations that have taken place at the Internal Revenue Service, and the bill before us continues to reflect the close eye that Congress continues to have on this agency, reining in their ability to further chill speech by manipulating the Tax Code. To achieve this, the bill includes language that prohibits the Internal Revenue Service from using funds to target specific individuals or groups exercising their First Amendment rights, and further prohibits the White House—under the current administration or the next one, from either political party—from using the Internal Revenue Service to scrutinize their political opponents. This protection of the right to freedom of speech is critical, and, of course, I urge all Members to support it. The bill also provides $1.5 billion for the Securities and Exchange Commission, almost an identical figure to last year’s request. The bill keeps the Securities and Exchange Commission focused on critical information technology initiatives and methods to help the Commission better serve investors. It also rescinds the balance of what is known as the Securities and Exchange Commission’s reserve fund, a slush fund that was created under the Dodd Frank law that can be spent by the SEC without congressional oversight. b1700 To assist Congress in its constitutionally obligated checks and balances of the executive branch, the bill includes language to increase the oversight of another creation of the Dodd Frank Act—the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Currently, this agency is wholly unaccountable to the American people as its funding was placed in the DoddFrank legislation outside of the yearly appropriations process, leaving little legislative check on that agency. As it exists today, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau draws its funds on autopilot directly from the Federal Reserve. This bill would place the CFPB into the regular, annual appropriations process and, in doing so, would increase the transparency and the accountability of its actions and allow for the appropriate oversight from Congress. Additionally, the bill replaces the singleperson leadership structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with a more balanced, fiveperson commission that mirrors those of other financial regulators, such as the Securities and Exchange Commission and the CFTC. The bill also includes $692 million for the Executive Office of the President, which, in addition to providing funds for White House staff, also includes critical funding for drug control efforts, such as the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and Drug Free Communities Support Programs. In his budget request this year, the President sought to reduce funding for these programs by $70 million. This bill keeps those important programs intact and actually increases their funding by a $5 million mark. The bill further includes a provision that requires the Office of Management and Budget to release information on the expected costs of executive orders and Presidential memoranda. H.R. 5485 also includes $725 million as the Federal payment to the Nation’s Capital City, the District of Columbia, which includes funding for public safety resources and security costs as well as $45 million for the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, which is an important program to help children in our Nation’s Capital get the education they deserve and to choose the educational path that best fits their needs. The bill includes $7 billion to the Federal court system, which will improve public safety, bolster the security of courtrooms, and improve the speed and efficiency of processing Federal cases. The consideration of appropriations bills each year is the core function of the Congress. With the passage of today’s rule, the House will be taking another step in completing that responsibility. I urge support for the rule and for the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank and appreciate the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. As we all remember, 2 weeks ago, we were not given that courtesy to have 30 minutes to debate the rule. We also had no debate on the underlying bill that was brought up 2 weeks ago. In any event, I appreciate his yielding me the time. First of all, Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule, which provides for the consideration of H.R. 5485, the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act. I hope there is a strong bipartisan vote against this rule for, among other things, in the Rules Committee, they denied my colleague, Representative SEAN PATRICK MALONEY , the right to offer his amendment, which would prevent discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people. For the life of me, Mr. Speaker, I cannot figure out why my Republican friends think it is so controversial—or that it is a poison pill—to put in statute language that bars Federal contractors from discriminating against the LGBT community. Yet this amendment, which is perfectly germane, was not allowed to be made in order. I think that that alone should encourage both Democrats and Republicans to vote against this rule. In addition, Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill is awful as it undermines key elements of the Affordable Care Act; it undermines key elements of the Dodd Frank financial reform; it diminishes women’s access to legal health services; it meddles in the District of Columbia’s internal affairs; it undermines the President’s Cuba policy; it prevents the fair treatment of Internet content in order to benefit the interests of a 
few large corporations; and the bill rewards tax cheats, not honest, hardworking Americans, by its failing to provide sufficient funding to enforce tax law. For all of those reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote against the underlying bill as well. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the President’s Statement of Administration Policy, which says, if presented with this bill, he will veto it. 
REP. ROGERS , R–KY The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 5485, making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year (FY) ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. The bill’s reductions in funding for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) exacerbate the damaging reductions inflicted on the IRS since 2010, and irresponsibly cut funding for the agencies charged with implementing Wall Street reform. The bill also underfunds the Federal Trade Commission’s efforts to promote economic competition. Furthermore, the legislation includes highly problematic ideological provisions, including provisions that restrict the IRS’s ability to implement the Affordable Care Act (ACA), interfere with important new regulations designed to protect consumers from risky or abusive lending, and undermine the principle of home rule for the District of Columbia. These provisions also prevent the Federal Communications Commission from promoting a free and open internet and encouraging competition in the settop box market, impacting millions of broadband and cable customers. Furthermore, these provisions would bar Federal agency efforts to reduce the risks and costs of flood disasters. Despite these shortcomings, the Administration welcomes the bill’s investments in entrepreneurship and small business financing. In October 2015, the President worked with congressional leaders from both parties to secure the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA), which partially reversed harmful sequestration cuts slated for FY 2017. By providing fullypaidfor equal dollar increases for defense and nondefense spending, the BBA allows for investments in FY 2017 that create jobs, support middleclass families, contribute to longterm growth, and safeguard national security. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to enact appropriations that are consistent with that agreement, and fully support economic growth, opportunity, and our national security priorities. However, the Administration strongly objects to the inclusion of problematic ideological provisions that are beyond the scope of funding legislation. If the President were presented with H.R. 5485, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. The Administration would like to take this opportunity to share additional views regarding the Committee’s version of the bill. Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The Admin istration strongly objects to the $766 million reduction in funding for the IRS compared to the FY 2017 Budget request. This reduction would bring IRS funding to FY 1993 levels, in real terms, hindering the agency’s efforts to provide robust service to taxpayers, improve enforcement operations, and implement new statutory responsibilities. Furthermore, these reductions would negatively impact efforts aimed at deficit reduction, with enforcement revenues in FY 2017 estimated to be more than $11 billion lower than if FY 2010 staffing levels had been maintained. In addition, the Administration strongly opposes sections of the bill that limit IRS funding and transfers to carry out implementation of the ACA, under which millions of individuals have signed up for coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplaces. The Administration also objects to provisions that unnecessarily encumber IRS operations with burdensome reporting requirements and that would constrain enforcement of tax laws. Departmental Offices. The Administration appreciates the support for targeted investments in Departmentwide cybersecurity enhancements. However, the Administration objects to the bill’s defunding of the Department’s Systems and Capital Investment Program and is disappointed that the bill fails to permit funding for oversight and administration of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund to be paid from the Trust Fund. In total, the bill would require a $27.4 million reduction in funding from the comparable level in the FY 2017 Budget request for core Departmental Offices Salaries and Expenses. Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) Fund. The Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for the CDFI Fund, which is funded above the FY 2017 Budget request. However, the Administration is disappointed that the bill provides neither the $22 million requested for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which offers financial and technical assistance to expand the availability of healthy food options in distressed communities, nor the $10 million requested for the Small Dollar Loan Program to expand access to small dollar loans in underserved communities and combat predatory lending. The Administration also appreciates the continuation of the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program, but is concerned about the $250 million limitation on new commitments, which is below the program’s annual average commitment level. This lower level of commitment authority would unnecessarily constrain the provision of longterm capital in lowincome and underserved communities. Office of Financial Research (OFR) and Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC). The Administration strongly opposes section 130 of the bill, which would subject OFR and FSOC to the annual appropriations process beginning in FY 2018. This language would hinder the independence of these entities and limit their ability to develop critical market analysis and improve regulator coordination if future funding shortfalls prevent information technology (IT) investments or the hiring of highlyskilled staff. The Administration also opposes onerous new procedural requirements that could effectively prohibit FSOC from formally designating nonbank financial companies whose material financial distress could pose a threat to U.S. financial stability. In addition, the Administration strongly opposes section 129 of the bill, which would require OFR to publish notice 90 days prior to issuing any report, rule, or regulation; research reports are intended to provide independent analysis of the facts, unswayed by public or political sentiment. Digital Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 (DATA Act). The Administration appreciates that the Committee fully funded the FY 2017 Budget request for the Bureau of the Fiscal Service for Governmentwide implementation of the DATA Act, and urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2017 Budget request for the Department of the Treasury’s own implementation of the DATA Act. This funding supports efforts to provide more transparent Federal spending data, such as updating information technology systems, changing business processes, and linking financial and Federal award data with the Award ID. Executive Office of the President (EOP) EOP Funding and Operations. The Administration objects to section 621 of the bill, which would continue a prohibition on paying salaries and expenses for certain White House staff positions and impinge on the President’s ability to organize EOP operations. The Administration appreciates funding for Presidential transition costs but strongly objects to the lack of funding for Unanticipated Needs, which would severely hamper the President’s ability to meet unexpected requirements for the furtherance of the national interest, security, or defense. The Administration also objects to the funding level in the bill for the National Security Council, which is $2.1 million below the FY 2017 Budget request. Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The Administration strongly opposes the funding level in the bill for OMB, which is $10 million below the FY 2017 Budget request. This reduction would significantly diminish OMB’s ability to carry out its mission. The Administration also objects to continuation of bill language that would require burdensome OMB cost estimates to accompany the issuance of all Executive Orders, as well as language that requires OMB to submit a report to the Congress estimating the costs of implementing the DoddFrank Act, an onerous and duplicative report of limited value. Information Technology Oversight and Reform (ITOR). The Administration strongly opposes the funding level in the bill for the ITOR account, which is $10 million below the FY 2017 Budget request. ITOR funds important efforts to improve the most critical publicfacing Federal digital services through the application of best practices in product design and engineering by the U.S. Digital Service and its agency partners. The ITOR fund also supports efforts to protect Federal systems through implementation of leading solutions to address new and constantly evolving advanced, persistent cyber threats, drive value in Federal IT investments, and implement the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act. The bill’s reductions to these initiatives would undermine efforts to secure the Nation’s highest value information targets and build on successful reforms to the Federal Government’s management of IT resources, which have resulted in about $3.6 billion in cost savings and avoidance. General Services Administration (GSA) Overall GSA Funding. Funding for GSA is an integral part of supporting agencies in their performance of critical missions. The bill’s funding level would undermine GSA’s ability to deliver services, impacting agencies Governmentwide. Federal Buildings Fund (FBF). The Administration finds the bill’s funding level for the FBF unacceptable at nearly $934 million below the FY 2017 Budget request and the anticipated level of rent collections from other Federal agencies in FY 2017. The bill also denies critical construction funding for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Headquarters project and the next phase of the Department of Homeland Security’s headquarters consolidation at St. Elizabeths, Washington, D.C. Since FY 2011, the Committee has chosen to fund the FBF at levels billions below what GSA collects in rent from agencies. Underfunding construction and renovation is particularly damaging, as the Government must be a good steward of its own assets, able to take advantage of opportunities to save money over the long term and maintain its buildings adequately 
to avoid more costly failures in the future. Further, the practice of chronically underfunding the FBF is unfair to other Federal agencies, who are no longer receiving the space and services that they are paying for, as well as to the other appropriations subcommittees who are providing funds that are never used for their intended purpose. FBI Headquarters. The Administration strongly urges the Congress to provide the full request in the FY 2017 Budget for the new consolidated FBI headquarters facility. The bill provides only $200 million, $559 million below the FY 2017 Budget request for GSA for construction of the new FBI headquarters. In total, the FY 2017 Budget requests $1.4 billion for the FBI headquarters project—$646 million for FBI and $759 million for GSA’s Federal Building Fund. Full funding of the FY 2017 Budget request is required for GSA to award a design and construction contract for the project this year. Absent a new, modern, and secure headquarters facility, the ability of the FBI to fully support its critical national security and law enforcement missions may be compromised. Information Technology (IT) Modernization Fund. The Administration is concerned that the Committee does not provide the requested $100 million for the IT Modernization Fund (ITMF), part of a larger $3.1 billion request in the FY 2017 Budget that creates a revolving fund to retire and replace legacy IT systems across Government. Absent funding for the ITMF, the cost to operate and maintain legacy systems, as well as security vulnerabilities and other risks, would continue to grow. Unified Shared Services Management (USSM). The Administration urges the Congress to support the $5 million requested in the FY 2017 Budget for the establishment of the USSM, a new organization housed in GSA that would serve as an integration body for the shared services environment. The funding is needed to give the USSM a stable funding source. Small Business Administration (SBA) SBA Support for Businesses. The Administration appreciates the strong support for small businesses through the bill’s robust funding for the SBA’s business loan and entrepreneurial development programs. The SBA’s business loan programs would support over $46 billion in lending to small businesses in FY 2017, and the increased funding for technical assistance and development programs would ensure business owners can effectively deploy capital to grow their businesses and create good jobs. However, the Administration opposes the elimination of funding for Regional Innovation Cluster grants and Growth Accelerators, as these innovative programs help regions leverage their unique assets to create jobs by turning entrepreneurial ideas into sustainable high growth small businesses. Disaster Loans Program. The Administration urges the Congress to utilize the disaster relief cap adjustment authorized in the Budget Control Act of 2011 to fund the $159 million FY 2017 Budget request for SBA’s administrative costs associated with major disasters. By not utilizing the cap adjustment, the bill makes unnecessary reductions to other programs to accommodate this line of support to small businesses after a disaster has struck. Other Independent Agencies Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Administration strongly objects to the funding level of $1.55 billion for SEC, which is $226 million below the FY 2017 Budget request. The bill would hinder SEC’s enforcement, examination, and market oversight functions and undercut investor protections strengthened by Wall Street Reform that benefit both consumers and Main Street. The bill would also shortchange SEC’s core programs by mandating that funding for IT initiatives increase by $50 million over the FY 2016 enacted level and prohibiting authorized IT spending from the agency’s mandatory Reserve Fund. Taken together, these provisions would inhibit SEC’s ability to improve oversight and examination functions in a way that investors expect and deserve. The SEC is feefunded and its funding level has no impact on the deficit, nor does it impact the amount of funding available for other agencies. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). The Administration strongly opposes sections 502 and 503 of the bill that subject CFPB to annual appropriations and politicizes its leadership, which would severely weaken its independence and undermine its ability to serve the most vulnerable consumer populations. In addition, the Administration strongly opposes sections 506, 637, 638, and 639 of the bill that undermine key consumer protections by preventing the CFPB from finalizing or implementing payday lending and arbitration regulations and would amend the Truth in Lending Act to deny borrowers protections from certain highcost loans. These are problematic, ideological provisions that are beyond the scope of this bill. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). The Administration objects to the total funding level of $120 million for CPSC, an $11 million reduction below the FY 2017 Budget request. This funding level would significantly impede CPSC’s public safety mission intended to safeguard consumers, particularly children, from hidden hazards that continue to cause death and severe injuries, including its ability to expand the import surveillance program through which CPSC identifies hazardous products that can cause injury or death before these goods can enter the U.S. market. In addition, the Administration objects to section 510 of the bill that would continue to prohibit CPSC from using funds to finalize or implement mandatory standards for recreational offhighway vehicles (ROVs) until CPSC commissions and completes a study with the National Academy of Sciences. This provision could indefinitely delay CPSC’s ability to complete rulemaking on ROVs, potentially compromising public safety. The language also would undermine the Commission’s statutory independence and authority to write public safety regulations, interfering with its regulatory independence and public safety mission. Election Assistance Commission (EAC). The Administration urges the Congress to provide the full $9.8 million requested for EAC in the FY 2017 Budget, including $1.5 million for the National Institute of Standards and Technology. The $4.9 million provided in the bill is half of the funding requested in the FY 2017 Budget. Such a significant reduction would severely limit EAC’s ability to assist State and local entities administer Federal elections, test and certify voting equipment, and provide information about voting system standards. Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The Administration strongly opposes the deep reductions to the funding level for FCC, which is $53 million, or 14 percent, below the FY 2017 Budget request. These reductions unnecessarily force FCC to scale back important work on public safety and wireless spectrum, delay efforts to modernize IT systems, and undermine efforts to save the taxpayers money by consolidating office space and improving oversight of the Universal Service Fund. The Administration objects to the $106 million cap on auction program funding, which is $18 million, or 15 percent, below the FY 2017 Budget request. This would severely harm the FCC’s efforts to modernize its auction infrastructure to support the increasingly complex auctions of the future, which have the potential to return tens of billions of dollars to the U.S. Treasury. FCC, Open Internet Order. The Administration strongly objects to sections 630, 631, and 632 that aim at delaying or preventing implementation of FCC’s net neutrality order. The order, which was issued after a lengthy rulemaking process that garnered input from four million Americans, ensures a level playing field that is increasingly vital to the future of the Nation’s digital economy and online competition. For almost a century, U.S. law has recognized that companies who connect Americans to the world have special obligations not to exploit the monopoly they enjoy over access in and out of Americans’ homes or businesses. It is common sense that the same philosophy should guide any service that is based on the transmission of information—whether a phone call, or a packet of data. The FCC’s rules recognize that broadband service is of the same importance, and must carry the same obligations as so many of the other vital services do. These carefullydesigned rules have already been implemented in large part with little to no impact on the telecommunications companies making important investments in the U.S. economy, and would ensure that neither the cable company nor the phone company would be able to act as a gatekeeper, restricting what Americans can do or see online. The appropriations process should not be used to overturn the will of both an independent regulator and millions of Americans on this vital issue. FCC, Settop Rule. The Administration opposes section 636 that aims at delaying the FCC from adopting or enforcing new rules to open the video settop box market to additional competition. Currently, 99 percent of cable and satellite TV consumers rent set top boxes directly from the cable providers, costing households an average of $230 per year. The FCC is already committed to a lengthy, thorough rulemalcing process that would establish a robust record of comment and analysis from companies, nonprofit organizations, and academics. The current provision unnecessarily interferes with these longestablished processes by requiring a delay of at least 270 days, and probably much longer, and a redundant, potentially costly study. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The Ad ministration is concerned that the Committee is underfunding the efforts by the FTC and the Department of Justice’s (DOJ) Antitrust Division to protect American consumers from criminal cartel practices—such as price fixing, fraud, and currency manipulation—and anticompetitive mergers. Since 2010, the number of proposed $1 billion ‘‘mega mergers’’ reviewed annually by the FTC and DOJ’s Antitrust Division has more than doubled. Anticompetitive mergers can harm American consumers significantly by raising prices, reducing quality, limiting output, restricting consumer choice, and stifling innovation in markets such as healthcare and pharmaceuticals, defense contracting, energy and petroleum, cable television and internet, cell phones and service, airline travel, appliances, and common food items. The bill provides $317 million for the FTC, $25 million below the FY 2017 Budget request. United States Postal Service. The Administration strongly opposes new language in the bill that would roll back cost saving measures implemented by the Postal Service over the last four years. The Administration is also disappointed that language under the Payment to the Postal Service Fund account 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Here we are again, Mr. Speaker, for the third time, talking about a rule to consider a bill that is going nowhere. We are doing this at a time when a vast majority of our constituents want us to do something about preventing more gun violence in this country. Mass shootings have become unacceptably commonplace in the United States of America, and we have a responsibility to do more to keep guns out of the wrong hands. The shooting in Orlando was the largest mass shooting in our country’s history. This is a moment of truth, and we cannot have another moment of silence without some action. We are pleading with the Speaker of the House, and we are pleading with our Republican colleagues to allow us to bring two bipartisan bills to the floor for consideration so that we can debate them and vote on them. One is the no fly, no buy legislation. If you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane because you are on the terrorist watch list, according to the FBI, then you are too dangerous to buy a gun. It shouldn’t be controversial. The second is to eliminate the loopholes in our background check system, which says that you have to go through a background check if you go to a licensed gun dealer but that you can get around that by going to a gun show or by buying a gun online. Overwhelming numbers of Democrats and Republicans, according to the latest public opinion polls, think both of these ideas are smart, commonsense approaches. The only thing that is standing in the way is the Republican leadership in this House. Mr. Speaker, please schedule these bills for a vote. No, we will not be satisfied with the NRA bill that you want to bring to the floor this week that, basically, is nothing but a press release but will not keep guns out of the hands of people who are suspected of being terrorists. Mr. Speaker, I hope that we can reach some sort of accomodation with our Republican friends. We are not going away. This issue is too important, and it is about time we acted. Silence and indifference can no longer be tolerated in this Chamber. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up no fly, no buy. It is bipartisan legislation that will give the Attorney General the authority to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those who are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to reiterate what it is we are trying to do by defeating the previous question and bringing up commonsense, proSecond Amendment, gun violence prevention legislation. We don’t think that terrorists, criminals, or the dangerously mentally ill should have easy access to firearms. We believe that we should do everything possible to make sure that terrorists, criminals, and the dangerously mentally ill can’t get their hands on firearms. That is why it is so important to pass the no fly, no buy and to pass the background check legislation. We know that background checks work. Every day, 170 felons are prevented from buying a gun because of the background check, and 50 domestic abusers are prevented from buying a gun because of the background check. That is every day. The bill that we are talking about expands the background checks to include all commercial sales. 
As the gentleman from Massachusetts just explained, there are loopholes. In some States, you can go online and buy a gun without having a background check. In some States, you can go to a gun show and buy a gun without having a background check. That is absolute foolishness. Now, we are not talking about requiring family members to do background checks. We are not talking about requiring your nextdoor neighbor to do a background check. We are not talking about requiring your hunting buddy or your shooting buddy to get a background check. We are talking about gun sales through commercial sales—gun shows, newspaper ads, online sales—because we know it works. It is our first line of defense against the criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill from being able to easily access firearms. It was once explained that the Federal Government set up a system to screen these folks to make sure that the criminals, the terrorists, the domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill didn’t get firearms. What they said is, if you buy it from a licensed dealer, you have to have a background check, but if you buy it from a gun show or if you buy it online, you don’t have to have one. The juxtaposition has been made that this is a lot like setting up a screening system after 9/11 that says that all passengers have to go through a metal detector so they don’t bring guns, knives, and explosives on the airplane, but only 60 percent of you have to do that. The other 40 percent can go around—you can get on the airplane with whatever you have in your pocket. Then you choose which one goes in the 40 percent line and which one goes in the 60 percent line. It doesn’t make sense. We need to have background checks to make sure that criminals, that the dangerously mentally ill, that domestic abusers, and that terrorists don’t get their hands on weapons. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I can’t believe that our friends on the other side of the aisle want criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill to have easy access to firearms. As a matter of fact, there was an amendment on this floor that beefed up the funding for the system that checks on the background checks, and 76 Republicans voted to increase the funding by $20 million—a $20 million funding augmentation to the NICS system. Now you are telling us, ‘‘Well, we supported the funding, but we don’t want people to use the system.’’ That is an outandout waste of taxpayer money. Not bringing these bills up is an out andout shameless ordeal on the part of the leadership. You need to bring these bills to the floor. We need to have a vote. We need to do everything we can to make sure our constituents are safe—safe in places of worship, safe in the movie theater, safe in school. We need to make sure that we do all we can to keep our constituents safe. Bring it up for a vote. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, people who are watching may wonder: What are these folks talking about? They are talking about a rule. What is this about? If you just tuned in, I will tell you what it is about. One hundred thousand Americans have died from guns in the last 3
1⁄2 years, and this body—this House of Representatives, this U.S. House of Representatives, the people’s House— has done nothing, nothing at all, not one little thing. The time has long passed for marking the deaths of Americans by guns when we could help to prevent them. The time has passed for moments of silence. We need to take action, and the action needs to be now because, while we wait, Americans die. What makes the news are the mass shootings. Sadly, they are becoming more frequent, and they are becoming more horrific. Every single day, Americans are dying in small towns, in big cities. They are dying in bedrooms, dying in domestic violence arguments, dying on the streets of Hartford and Chicago. It often doesn’t even make the news, but, believe me, those families know their loved ones are gone. Their friends know—their friends at church, those in the neighborhood. It is in the ripple of those deaths that we could do something that has us here—that has us here all day, that had us here all night 2 weeks ago. We will keep raising our voices because the American people depend on us to not just talk but to take action, and that is within our power. b1715 Ninetythree percent of the American people support background checks. Ninetythree percent. That is more probably than like chocolate ice cream. We can do this. More than that support, keeping guns out the hands of terrorists, there is nothing controversial about these proposals. It seems to have become an article of faith that, if the gun lobby is opposed to it, that it is too dangerous for politicians to act. I will tell you what is too dangerous. It is too dangerous to our constituents for us not to act. It is too dangerous for them to have this institution not listen to their cries, to their weeping, to their pleading. It is time for us to be strong, to be resolute. And whether it is the gun lobby or whatever it is that keeps you from protecting American lives with passing bipartisan commonsense legislation, it is time to let go of those fears because the fears of the American people depend on us relieving them, and we can only do that by taking action. We are the body that is elected to do that. And the States are trying, but they can’t get the job done without our help. It is up to us to do what our sworn duty is to do, to protect and defend the American people. We can’t defend them from all harms, but we can do our job with this. Background checks work. They save lives. They save uniform police officers. They save folks in domestic violence situations. It is time for us to do our job. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this rule and to speak about a critical issue. We must stop the senseless gun violence in this country. Last Wednesday, at my SpeakOut to stop gun violence, a courageous young man stood up to tell his story. Josh Stepakoff here was the victim of a mass shooting when he was 6 years old and miraculously survived it. He was finishing a game at his home away from home, the North Valley Jewish Community Center in Los Angeles. He assumed that the strange man in front of him was a construction worker and that what he held at his hip was a power drill. How could he know that this man was a neoNazi carrying a semiautomatic weapon and hundreds of rounds of ammunition intent on killing as many people as he could? Two of those bullets hit Josh, barely missing his spine and vital organs. The physical and mental damage changed Josh’s life forever, and now he and his mother have devoted their lives to stopping gun violence. The NRA is saying that the way to keep people safe is by making more guns available to everybody. If this is the solution, the U.S. would be the safest place in the world. Instead, we face danger from guns everywhere, even movie theaters, elementary schools, and churches. Enough is enough. We must pass commonsense gun violence prevention laws now. Now is the time to pass no fly, no buy and the comprehensive background check bills. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am in strong opposition to the rule, to this flawed financial services bill, but that is not why I have risen to speak. I have risen to speak today because the American people are crying out. They are crying out for a vote on legislation that makes a real impact on the 
epidemic of gun violence in our country. Last week, in my district, Stratford, Connecticut, I stood in front of the Victoria Soto School, demanding commonsense gun violence legislation. When the gunman began firing at Sandy Hook Elementary, Vicki Soto hid her students in the closet. She died protecting them. The AR–15 was on the floor by her body. She was a hero. She committed her time, her effort, and her life to protecting and caring for children. The school is a fitting tribute to Vicki and her life’s work. There, children can be children. But it is also a stark reminder of the real and heartbreaking cost of gun violence, and it is a visible reminder of what is at stake and why we need comprehensive gun violence legislation now. We must take action for Victoria, for the Soto family. I watch how her parents suffer and her siblings suffer every single day, but we need to do that for the Soto family and for every family like them who know grief most of us will never understand. We must now act for the families in Aurora, the families in Newtown, the families in San Bernardino, the families in Orlando, and the families of those who are killed every single day on the streets of every city in this Nation. You know, we cannot heal the hole in their heart, but what we can do is what we have been charged to do in this institution, and that is to vote on public policy that makes a difference in the lives of the people that we have sworn to serve to uphold their rights. That is why I urge commonsense gun legislation; universal background checks; and no fly, no buy. Let’s keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. I would go further. I would ban assault weapons. I want to see gun violence prevention research done. I want to see the mental health services that we need additionally to protect people in this Nation from gun violence. But I think that what we can conclude is that not one more death. While moments of silence are good things to do, we cannot just have one more moment of silence. The American people deserve real, concrete gun violence prevention legislation. That is what our job is to do. We can do it. That is what we have been elected to do. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ), my colleague. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, there is an African proverb that says: ‘‘When you pray, move your feet.’’ But this Congress meets our gun violence crisis with only deadly silence. Fortynine people massacred on a dance floor, silence. First graders and their teachers shot in their elementary school, silence. Students and professors shot in their college classrooms, silence. Parishioners shot after Bible study in their church, silence. Social workers and disabled clients shot at a holiday party, silence. Moviegoers shot watching a film, silence. Our colleague shot while meeting with constituents, silence. Neighborhood sidewalks and parks transformed into bloodsoaked memorials, silence. Over the past 12 years, gun violence has claimed more American lives than war, AIDS, and illegal drug overdoses combined. Since Newtown, tens of thousands of lives have been lost to this deadly crisis. Yet the number of bills that have been debated and passed by this Congress to help prevent such deaths, to put an end, to start to slow this violence: zero. Inaction is a choice. Inaction is costing lives, and that is why I am asking this House to have a vote that we perform our basic responsibilities as Members of Congress and members of our communities. Let’s debate and vote on two commonsense measures to curb gun violence. Let’s vote on expanding background checks and preventing suspected terrorists from being able to buy a gun. Why is this so paralyzing? It is widely supported by the American people. Why is the only proposal scheduled for a vote drafted by the NRA? Does House leadership really believe that our Constitution and liberties are so fragile that we have to tolerate carnage like we saw in Orlando rather than risk a vote? These proposals are widely supported by people of all types of political ideologies. The American people get it. They understand we could protect our constitutional rights and take reasoned steps to reduce gun violence. Moments of silence should be where the action begins. Sadly, in this Congress, it is the only action ever taken. No more silence. I urge us to bring up these two practical proposals for a vote. Our communities and our democracy deserve that. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, about 10 days ago, something extraordinary happened on this House floor. Members violated the rules, and they sat in. Some folks asked me the question: ‘‘Peter, why did you do that? Why did you join in that?’’ I had to think hard about it because it is not something that should be done in anything close to normal circumstances. The reason was that, since Newtown, when there have been one mass shooting after another—San Bernardino; Orlando the most recent—Congress has responded with a moment of silence followed by complete and utter inaction. Congress is not doing its job. The issue of what gun legislation we should pass is debatable. Why won’t we debate it? Why won’t Congress face the fact that the job of Congress is to come up with policies that are going to provide protection to American citizens from this gun violence? There is legislation out there. Two things that are very sensible: if you are on a terrorist watch list, you can’t buy a gun; if you are subject to a background check, you can’t evade it by all the loopholes. We should debate those. And then those of our citizens who disagree with us, they can vote against us or they can vote for us. What we have no right to do is to fail to do our job, so I joined with other Members of Congress sitting here basically saying: Let’s debate, let’s discuss, but let’s act. Let’s not run the other way in cowardly disrespect of our responsibilities in the expectation that our citizens who sent us here rightly have that we address the issue of gun violence and be held accountable by them for at least making an effort, honestly, to do the job they have given us to do. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in strong opposition to the rule, but I would like to speak to the two pieces of legislation that we are imploring our colleagues to bring to the floor: the no fly, no buy and universal background checks. Since the House adjourned on June 23, at least 522 more Americans have been killed in incidents of gun violence just since we adjourned; men, women, children, sons, daughters, fathers, and mothers. We dishonor the lives of those we have lost to gun violence with this NRAwritten bill that we are taking up this week rather than the two commonsense gun safety proposals pending before the Congress. Just in case anyone doesn’t understand, we have a gun violence epidemic in this country, different from every other country in the world. We kill each other with guns at a rate 297 times higher than Japan, 49 times higher than France, and 33 times higher than Israel, just to give you an example. So far this year, more than 6,300 people have been killed and more than 13,000 wounded in incidents of gun violence, and that includes 1,600 children. On average, 31 Americans are murdered with guns every single day and 151 are treated for gun assaults in an emergency room. This issue of making sure terrorists or suspected terrorists don’t have access to guns and making sure there are universal background checks is not controversial anywhere else in America except in Congress. It is widely supported by the American people, 85 and 
90 percent. These are commonsense proposals to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. Behind each of the numbers I just mentioned, each of those statistics, are real families who have been crushed and heartbroken by gun violence. Let’s do the right thing. Bring these bills to the floor, debate them, make your arguments, and take a vote. b1730 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, we lose over 30,000 people a year to gun violence. We must never forget that that number is made up of thousands of individual stories: a family grieving over the death of a child, a teenager missing a friend at school, a son who must get used to spending holidays every year without a parent. One of my constituents in Sacramento lost her cousin and her cousin’s son to gun violence right before Christmas. She wrote to me and said, ‘‘I would like to see a world where such crime is minimized . . . if not erased. Gun control is an important and essential step in the path toward nonviolence.’’ We must listen to these stories that have become all too common. Just over the weekend, another person in my community was shot and killed. Every moment we don’t act matters. Must we feel vulnerable in our churches, sending our children to theaters or to the schools? We are not going to accept this bloodshed any longer. We must disarm the hate and vote on real solutions for the American people. Democrats are calling for a vote on two pieces of bipartisan, commonsense legislation. We must not wait any longer to answer the call for action. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ). Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the rule, but I also want to join my colleagues in urging the Speaker to bring forward a vote on these two commonsense gun reforms. I took an oath of office to uphold the Constitution and to protect my constituents. And while we were home over the holiday recess, going to parades and celebrating our independence and celebrating our history, time after time I spoke with constituents from all different backgrounds. I am from a rural district. Hunting is important to us. People hunt for their food. They want to protect their family. I respect the Second Amendment, and I respect their right. But the question that I got is people do not understand why we cannot have a debate in this hallowed Hall about protecting our constituents. People watched as an entire community was massacred simply going out to dance and enjoy the evening. The American people watched as children died in schools, as one of our colleagues was shot in a shopping center, as people died in a church. We should be able to go to Bible study; we should be able to go to the movies; we should be able to go to the shopping centers; and certainly, our children should be able to go to school. My constituents, Mr. Speaker, who are gun owners, who care about protecting their families and their homes, who care about their right to enjoy hunting with their families, my constituents are asking, Mr. Speaker: Please bring these two commonsense issues to the floor so that we can protect our families. When someone has taken an oath of allegiance to ISIS and has evil intent in their heart, help us to protect our constituents. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I urge all of my colleagues to vote against the rule—the underlying bill is terribly flawed—but I also urge my colleagues to work with us to try to bring two commonsense pieces of legislation to the floor. The first is the no fly, no buy legislation. If you are on a terrorist watch list and you are too dangerous to fly, then you ought to be too dangerous to buy a gun. Just so my colleagues understand this, according to the Government Accountability Office, since 2004, nearly 2,500 suspects on the FBI terrorist watch list have successfully purchased weapons in the United States. Ninety one percent of all suspected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 12 years walked away with the weapon that they wanted. That should trouble every single person in this Chamber. The other piece of legislation is to strengthen our background checks so we get rid of these loopholes so that everybody who wants to buy a gun goes through a background check; they can’t escape going through a background check by going to a gun show or buying a gun online. That is it. That is all we are asking for. Mr. Speaker, we had 9 people murdered in Charleston, 12 in Aurora, 14 in San Bernardino, 26 in Sandy Hook, and 49 innocent people murdered in Orlando. Maybe the numbers are getting too big for some of my colleagues to fully comprehend how horrendous this all is. Sometimes I feel that with all these numbers that some of us are losing the human ability to feel what is happening here. These people had families. These people’s lives were cut short for no good reason. We can do something about it. The legislation that we have proposed here is not going to solve everything, but if it could save one life, then it is worth it. But inaction and indifference and silence can no longer be tolerated. We will not have business as usual in this House until we address some of these issues. The American people want us to do this. They are waiting for us. Please, Mr. Speaker, schedule these pieces of legislation for debate and vote. No, we are not going to be satisfied with the NRA bill that will come up to the floor under a closed rule that you want us to take. That is just unacceptable. Give us a vote on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can have that vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, I would remind Members that today’s rule provides for the consideration of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act for the fiscal year 2017. This is an important piece of legislation to fund the Federal Government. I urge support for the rule and the underlying bill. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and bill. The rule and bill are assaults on the District of Columbia’s right to govern itself. This bill contains three undemocratic, harmful, biggovernment riders that prohibit the D.C. government from spending its local funds, consisting of local taxes and fees, as it deems necessary. In addition, the Republicanled Rules Committee has allowed Representative GARY PALMER to offer an amendment to block D.C. from spending its local funds to enforce a local employment nondiscrimination law, the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act. The bill repeals D.C.’s budget autonomy referendum, which allows D.C. to spend its local funds after a 30day congressional review period. Astonishingly, House Republicans appear to be so afraid of a local jurisdiction spending its local funds without the approval of a federal body, the U.S. Congress, that they will be voting for a second time in a little over a month to repeal the referendum. I will offer an amendment to strike the repeal of the referendum. However, the Rules Committee prevented me from offering my amendments to strike the provisions in this bill that prohibit D.C. from spending its local funds on taxing and regulating marijuana sales and on abortion services for lowincome women. Four states have legalized the possession of marijuana for recreational use, and they either have set up a tax and regulatory system or are in the process of doing so. While recreational use is legal under D.C. law, Congress has uniquely prohibited D.C. from spending its local funds to set up a tax and regulatory system. This rider has been referred to as the Drug Dealer Protection Act. As one marijuana dealer told the press, the rider is ‘‘a license for me to print money.’’ Regulating marijuana like alcohol would allow D.C., instead of violent drug gangs, to control marijuana production, distribution, sales and revenue collection. Every state has authority to spend its own funds on abortion services for lowincome 
women, and 17 states fund these services. This rider effectively prevents lowincome women in D.C. from exercising their constitutional right to abortion by depriving them of necessary funds. Remarkably, this bill could have been even more harmful to the District of Columbia. Three amendments were filed to block D.C. gun safety laws, but they were not made in order. There was no way the Republican leadership could bring these deadly amendments to the floor so soon after Orlando. Representative Thomas Massie filed two amendments. One would have allowed handguns, shotguns and rifles to be carried, openly or concealed, on the streets of the nation’s capital. The other would have blocked D.C. from enforcing its enhanced penalties for carrying a gun in schools and other places where children congregate. Representative DAVID SCHWEIKERT  filed an amendment that would have allowed people to get a concealed carry permit without demonstrating a ‘‘good cause’’ for needing one. These amendments presented a threat not only to D.C. residents, but also to the millions who visit the nation’s capital and the high ranking federal officials and foreign dignitaries who travel around the city daily. Republicans claim to support devolving federal authority to state and local governments. That support should not end at the D.C. border. The Constitution allows, but does not require, Congress to legislate on local D.C. matters. The Rules Committee had a choice to allow me to offer my amendments on the floor to strike the D.C. marijuana and abortion riders, as well as to block the Palmer amendment. In our American democracy in the 21st century, that choice should not have been difficult. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5210) to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5210 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘PADME Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill, including an exchange of letters between the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan bill before us accomplishes several important objectives. Since 2003, the durable medical equipment, DME, competitive bidding program has required DME suppliers in certain large, densely populated areas to compete for contracts to serve Medicare beneficiaries in those areas. This marketbased competition has saved the Medicare program and beneficiaries billions of dollars in saving and reduced cost sharing. Since 2009, CMS has had the authority to expand the program to additional areas, and in 2014 the agency published a final rule that will expand competitive bidding to all areas of the country. Beginning January 1, 2016, CMS began phasing in new regional reimbursement rates for noncompetitive bid areas using a 50–50 blend of old and new rates. Starting July 1, rates will be based on the new calculations. To ensure we have a full appreciation of the impact of the phasein, the bill continues the 50–50 blend payment for an additional 3 months. It also requires HHS to report to Congress on any access issues caused by the blended rate before the full rate change can go into effect. The bill also improves access to quality healthcare providers for vulnerable Medicaid patients and includes legislation that recently passed the House 406–0. In this legislation, we again reiterate the House’s support to address two important issues that plague Medicaid beneficiaries: first, State Medicaid programs too often suffer from waste, fraud, and abuse; and, second, too many Medicaid patients may have a hard time finding a doctor. The bill would ensure healthcare providers terminated from Medicare or one State’s Medicaid program for reasons of fraud, integrity, or quality are also terminated from other State Medicaid programs. The Office of Inspector General at HHS has previously found that 12 percent of terminated providers were participating in a State Medicaid program after the same provider was terminated from another State Medicaid program. It is critical that fraudulent providers are not allowed to defraud taxpayers or harm patients across the board. The bill also requires State Medicaid programs to provide beneficiaries served under feeforservice or primary care case management programs an electronic directory of physicians participating in the program. This important effort will address a critical challenge of Medicaid patients in accessing certain types of care, such as obtaining specialty care or dental care. Medicaid patients would now have better information by simply applying requirements similar to those in place for Medicaidmanaged care plans to fee forservice and/or primary care case management programs. Finally, the bill includes legislation by Mr. MCHENRY and Mr. B UTTERFIELD  that ensures that payments made under a State eugenics compensation program cannot be considered as income in determining eligibility for any Federal public benefit. Simply put, the bill prevents any funds from such a compensation program to be counted as income for purposes of receiving any Federal benefits. According to the Congressional Budget Office, H.R. 5210, as amended, would be completely offset over the budget window. We will provide more time to understand the impact of DME payment changes on Medicare beneficiaries. We will also enact commonsense reforms that help protect Medicaid beneficiaries, improve access to care, and enact an important clarification for those eligible for certain State compensation programs. I want to thank Ranking Member PALLONE and his staff as well as the Committee on Ways and Means for their work on this compromise, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5210, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 21, 2016. The Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN UPTON : I am writing concerning H.R. 5210, the ‘‘Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. In order to allow H.R. 5210 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on H.R. 5210 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 21, 2016. The Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5210, the ‘‘Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. I appreciate your agreeing to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5210 in order to allow the bill to move expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that by foregoing consideration on H.R. 5210 at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. I also agree that the Committee reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and I will support any such request. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague, Mr. PITTS. It is a pleasure to be working with him and with Mr. PALLONE and Mr. U PTON . This legislation, as Mr. PITTS indicated, is going to give some relief to communities, particularly rural communities, from the imposition of changes in how charges are made in competitive bidding processes that have a significant potential to make inaccessible durable medical equipment. I was a cosponsor, but the lead sponsor is here, Dr. PRICE, a good colleague and a really good doctor. Dr. PRICE, Legislator PRICE, came up with a pretty good bill that is going to help Georgia but also help rural Vermont, so I appreciate that. b1745 The bottom line, the DME Competitive Bidding Program was created in 2003. It was aimed at a goal all of us have. It was trying to lower spending on durable medical equipment. It was wellintended, but it has had some serious consequences, especially for rural providers, like in Vermont, and I am sure parts of Georgia and other rural parts of the country. By the way, when we do something, it can have a good intention, it can even accomplish some of its goals, but I think it always makes sense for us on both sides to step back after there is some history—this went in in 2003—and take a look, kick the tires. What are some of the improvements that we can make so that we get back to the original intention and don’t do harm that is unnecessary? And that is what the Price legislation is doing. In January 2016, the Competitive Bidding Program began its nationwide rollout. That was under the new CMS guidelines. As a result, the rural areas saw significant cuts. It really does jeopardize access to this important equipment for beneficiaries. The CMS continued its rollout in July with a second round of cuts. It further slashed reimbursement rates for DME across rural America, including Vermont. In Vermont, we have an excellent equipment provider, Yankee Medical, that is reasonable in its price and incredibly good in its service. It will 
bring equipment to people all across rural Vermont. That is such a benefit for folks who can’t get out of their homes. The rural areas do have different challenges than urban areas. It is much more challenging for stakeholders to absorb these cuts. For instance, a small business in rural Vermont in a noncompetitively bid area may not have a large amount of Medicarerelated businesses and, therefore, might not be able to afford the prices that a business in a much larger populated area could offer. So this legislation is going to put on hold for 3 months what these prices will be. It is going to allow time for some adjustment and, hopefully, for us to consider other positive reforms that will be helpful to maintaining access to important healthcare equipment for folks in rural Vermont and rural America. The bill contains a couple of other provisions, one of which I will speak about. My colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. BUCSHON , was the lead sponsor and I was his cosponsor. As a way to pay for this—and that was cracking down on this Medicare fraud, where there has been a failure administratively—when a provider is found to be fraudulent in one district, that fraud is not then communicated to all other districts or States, so that fraudulent provider tries to just take their operation elsewhere. This is going to require that notification and it is going to shut down that fraud much more quickly, saving money, and then helping us to pay for this. So this is practical legislation, the result of a compromise by the chairman and ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. PITTS, and some of my colleagues. Mr. LOEBSACK of Iowa played a very, very active role in this legislation. Of course, Dr. PRICE did as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. PRICE), the distinguished Budget Committee chairman. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his work on this and his interest and passion for healthcare issues and the work that we do in this House. I also want to thank the gentleman from Vermont for his kind words and the work he has done on this; and the gentleman from Iowa as well, who has been instrumental in moving this legislation forward. Mr. Speaker, many Medicare beneficiaries rely on a set of healthcare products and services that are classified as durable medical equipment, or DME. DME is often lifeimproving or lifesaving; things like blood sugar monitors, canes, crutches, hospital beds, power wheelchairs, and even things like oxygen supplies and tanks. Without access to these items, many Medicare beneficiaries would not be able to survive or would see their quality of life greatly diminished. In January 2016, Medicare started to slash reimbursement rates for these products and services as part of a nationwide rollout of their Competitive Bidding Program. Mr. Speaker, I would suggest that this program is neither competitive nor is it a real bidding process. CMS now wants to extend these substandard rates and this substandard program to other areas, as you have heard, including rural regions of our Nation, where these new rates will oftentimes not even cover the cost of the delivery of the item or the service, which means they just won’t happen. In addition, this CMS program has failed to hold bidders to account. It has failed to produce rates that are financially sustainable for those who are trying to provide these service and items to patients. The National Minority Quality Forum has data that demonstrates this program is driving up costs through avoidable hospital bills and inpatient admissions, increasing outofpocket payments by patients, and has led to increased mortality rates. Mr. Speaker, that is more people dying in our Nation because of this program. In just my home State of Georgia, there has been a 20 percent decrease in the number of DME suppliers between 2013 and 2016. The number of medical equipment supply stores in our State has similarly decreased by nearly 40 percent. The legislation we have before us today, H.R. 5210, would provide a 3 month delay in the cuts, hopefully allowing for work to be done to come up with a real solution. This legislation represents a bipartisan commitment to ensure that Medicare beneficiaries continue receiving critical care provided through durable medical equipment, particularly those living in the rural areas of our Nation who would be disproportionately harmed by cuts in reimbursements. Again, this delay will, hopefully, provide policymakers additional time to come up with a consensus on a long term solution. Every effort must be made to protect access to quality health care for seniors. I want to thank, again, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work on this issue. I want to, once again, commend Chairman PITTS for his work on this issue. I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bipartisan bill, H.R. 5210. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I cannot support a delay in the expansion of the competitive bidding program. Competitive bidding for durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) has saved the Medicare program billions of dollars. And lowering costs for the Medicare program means lower copayments for Medicare beneficiaries. Over the years, it has been widely documented by the HHS Office of Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office that Medicare payments for DMEPOS far exceeded reasonable costs. This is why Congress passed legislation requiring competitive bidding for DMEPOS incrementally. Since 2011, CMS has closely monitored all beneficiaries in the competitive bidding areas, and there have been no access concerns. Health outcomes are steady compared to before Medicare began the competitive bidding program. CMS will continue to monitor health outcomes, and until we see any concerns, I do not believe we should stop the progress in saving money for both beneficiaries and the Medicare program. That said, the Medicaid policies in this legislation were passed by the House in March of this year, 406–0, after consideration by the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The first policy, the Medicaid DOC Act, is an initiative first introduced by Reps. COLLINS and TONKO and would require states that participate in feeforservice Medicaid to publish electronic provider directories. It’s important for patients to know what providers participate in the Medicaid program. States are required to provide electronic directories in managed care, but the same requirement does not exist across the full Medicaid program. The Committee worked throughout the legislative process to streamline this policy with current federal provider directory regulations in Medicaid managed care. The legislation details the minimum items that must be included in a provider directory, but also allows states to go beyond these standards. The second policy is an initiative first introduced by Reps. BUCSHON , W ELCH , and BUTTERFIELD and would provide CMS with critical tools to keep patients safe, protect taxpayer dollars, and protect the integrity of the Medicaid program. The ACA included a provision that prohibited disqualified providers from Medicare or one state Medicaid program from simply crossing state lines and receiving payments in another state Medicaid program. Unfortunately, as drafted, the law has been hard to implement, because states don’t have a consistent or standardized way of knowing when a specific provider has been terminated by Medicare or another state. States are not currently required to report this information, and if it is reported, it is in many differing formats, limiting the data’s usability. This provision would require all states to report information on fraudulent providers to the Secretary for inclusion in a currently existing termination database that is accessible to all states. The legislation also requires the Secretary to develop uniform criteria for states to use when submitting information. I supported both of these commonsense policies in the past, and I continue to support them today. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 5210, the Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act, delays the implementation of recent changes to durable medical equipment payments. For the past several years, Medicare has been reforming how we pay for DME, including items like oxygen tanks, walkers, or hospital beds. In much of the country, CMS uses competitive bidding to determine how much DME costs. But in some communities, primarily in rural areas, CMS pays under the DME fee 
schedule. Under this payment system, there is no competitive market to drive prices down. Nonpartisan, independent experts, including MedPAC and the Government Accountability Office, have warned us that Medicare is overpaying for DME through the fee schedule. To address this problem, CMS has been phasing in new payments that will reduce DME costs under the fee schedule based on competitive bidding pricing. These lower payments are scheduled to be fully phased in by July. Getting DME costs under control is critical. Higher prices result in increased Medicare spending and, even more importantly, they force beneficiaries to pay more out of pocket. At the same time, some DME suppliers and beneficiary groups have expressed concerns that lowering the price for DME too far could hinder beneficiary access to important equipment. To address this issue, the bill before us provides a compromise that will institute a temporary delay of the lower DME fee schedule payments for three months. This pause will allow us to gather more data on how the new payment rates impact beneficiary access. That being said, it’s not entirely clear that this delay is necessary. CMS has already been carefully monitoring access to DME. Just this month, the agency released data showing that payment cuts have not caused any harm to suppliers or to beneficiaries. Even as we have significantly reduced spending, suppliers continue to accept the reformed payment rates, and there is no evidence that beneficiary access to high quality DME has been hindered. This bill will give us three more months to verify that this is the case. This is only a short term freeze, and if the evidence continues to show that the new payment rates are working, there will be no reason for us to delay any longer. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5210, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPPORTING AMERICA’S INNOVATORS ACT OF 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4854) to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4854 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4854, Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2016; and I want to thank the sponsor of the legislation, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that 7 years after our last recession apparently ended, our economy continues to trudge along at historically weak rates of growth and job creation. Three points: The most recent jobs report showed that only 38,000 jobs were created during the month of May. That was the worst report since 2010; New business startups in the country are near a 20year low; And, finally, American families and small businesses are finding it extremely difficult to obtain credit in order to expand their businesses or purchase a home. More than ever, Mr. Speaker, Americans are looking at us, their elected Representatives in Congress, to help get our economy back on track and create opportunities for people that have struggled for too long. Fortunately, over the last 5 years, the Financial Services Committee has stepped up to the plate and passed a number of bipartisan pieces of legislation. Most notably, in 2012, Congress passed the JOBS Act, which is one of the few bright spots. In April, the Capital Markets and GSE Subcommittee held a hearing to examine the positive impacts that the JOBS Act has had, and to consider further ways that we can work across the aisle to promote job growth. But for just about every measure the JOBS Act has been a resounding success, there is more that Congress can be doing. So today, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a couple of measures that will build upon the success of the JOBS Act. The first is this one. This measure is Supporting America’s Innovation Act of 2016. What will the bill do? First, it would fix what is known as the 99 investor problem. That is, under current securities law, once a venture capital fund gains more than 99 investors, it would have to become registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Just in case there is any confusion, registering with the SEC isn’t free. It creates a number of costs and regulatory burdens on small venture funds that hinder the ability to deploy vital capital for startup businesses. What is more, the current investor cap was put in place way back in 1940, at a time when nobody had ever heard of Silicon Valley, and venture capital did not play anywhere near the role it does today. So while the JOBS Act raised the registration threshold for private companies from 500 to 2,000 investors, it did not concurrently raise the threshold for investors acting as a coordinated group. As Kevin Laws, COO of AngelList, told our subcommittee back in April: With online fundraising and general solicitation becoming more common because of the JOBS Act, companies are bumping up against the limit more frequently. The limit of 99 investors now acts as a brake on the amount of capital that they can raise. 
So, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the solution envisioned under this legislation is simple. It simply bumps the number from 100 to 250, and it clarifies that registration would not be triggered until the fund crossed a threshold of $10 million invested in a particular company. This legislation is simple. It is straightforward. It would allow venture capital funds to continue to play the important role they do in our economy without any of the burden having to deal with any unnecessary regulation. So, once again, I thank the sponsor of the underlying bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker and Members, this bill, H.R. 4854, is an example of how the two sides can work together. I worked with Mr. MCHENRY on this legislation. It just goes to show that when the opposite side of the aisle is not focused on trying to destroy and undo Dodd Frank, we can get to doing some credible legislation. So I am very, very pleased about this legislation. It is another piece of legislation intended to help our Nation’s 
startups and the venture capitalists who take a chance on them by providing a targeted exemption for certain venture capital funds. It is also a piece of legislation that appropriately balances the ability of a startup to raise capital with the need to protect investors in the startup. When we fail to strike this balance, investors suffer, small businesses suffer; and when taken to the extreme, our entire economy can suffer. During consideration of this bill in committee, Mr. MCHENRY and I offered an amendment to create a new exemption for qualifying venture capital funds that have no more than 250 investors and only $10 million in invested capital. These smaller funds will allow angel investor groups to better pool their resources among more accredited investors to make targeted, highimpact investments in the very companies they create the most jobs: startups. This structure is used today by AngelList, a company that matches investors meeting certain income and asset thresholds to pool their money into a special purpose fund and invest together in startup companies. b1800 Importantly, both the companies and the investors benefit from this structure, compared with making hundreds of smaller direct investments. A company, for example, only has a single point of contact, the angel fund advised by fiduciary, rather than hundreds of investors who all must individually approve corporate actions such as acquisitions and expanding ownership. Investors also like this structure because they can delegate monitoring the startups they invest in to the investment adviser to fund. Such monitoring may be significant, considering that investors typically diversify among 30 to 80 companies. H.R. 4854, as amended, is appropriately tailored to only certain venture capital funds, which must invest at least 80 percent of their committed capital in the equity of small companies. Under the bill, those funds must have no more than 250 investors and no more than $10 million in this invested capital, ensuring that they are small enough that investors are able to monitor and manage their investments with the funds. This language ensures that we aren’t creating a loophole for other investment companies, like mutual funds, to avoid regulation, nor are we providing relief to other private funds, like hedge funds or private equity funds, that have very little restrictions and investor protections. Finally, I would like to express my appreciation of Mr. MCHENRY ’s efforts to make changes to this bill addressing some of the concerns of investor advocates, like the Consumer Federation of America and Americans for Financial Reform. His efforts have made this a good bill that deserves our support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee, and I rise today to support the Supporting America’s Innovators Act. Mr. Speaker, these days, American small businesses are facing a capital crisis. This is particularly true for earlystage companies and startups. Despite the headlines from Silicon Valley, the truth is that the vast majority of earlystage companies are not securing venture capital funding. Indeed, almost 80 percent of startup investment goes to just three States in these United States. Meanwhile, angel investing for these earlystage companies is challenging. Investing in startup companies is inherently risky, which is why the wealthy investors who qualify to become angels often shy away from it. This is why we need to address the challenges facing angel investing. This is accomplished by changing our mindset and creating a regulatory framework that encourages innovation and growth, while ensuring that shareholder and investor protections remain strong. Ranking Member WATERS and I proposed an amendment that would increase the cap of investors from 100 to 250 for accredited investors of angel funds, and this would only apply to qualifying venture funds narrowly tailored to earlystage investing. What we have before us in the full House is a great work of compromise, and I thank the ranking member, Ms. WATERS , for her diligent work, working with my staff and her staff together over many long hours to come up with this compromise that we have that will, I believe, garner bipartisan support like it did in the Financial Services Committee. I do thank the ranking member for working diligently to make this outcome possible. The result of our proposed amendment and what we have before us allows for earlystage companies to raise the capital they need by opening up angel investing to more accredited investors. This is a good bill. It is a compromise bill, and I am pleased that this legislation enjoyed wide support. I urge my colleagues to support it and vote for it, and let’s get this thing done and signed by the President. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker and Members, again, I am very pleased to join with Mr. MCHENRY  on this legislation. I really have no further requests for time, and I am going to yield back the balance of my time because I am so looking forward to getting back to the discussion that we are going to have later on this evening on guns and gun violence. I want my constituents to know I have not abandoned that issue. Others have not abandoned that issue. We look forward to really debating whether or not we are going to make sure that people who are on the nofly list certainly can’t buy guns, and we want universal background checks. I know this has nothing to do with this bill, but I will just take this opportunity to say that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because of the economic importance of what we are doing. We are trying to help grow the economy, create jobs across this country in a more fruitful way than just in pockets of prosperity across this country. In areas that are like my district in rural western North Carolina or the ranking member’s district that is an urban district, we want to have prosperity in all 50 States, in all communities, and the economic opportunities that our constituents are desirous of, and I urge the adoption of this bill to help expand economic opportunity. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I thank the gentleman, and I thank the bipartisan nature of what we are doing here on the floor this evening with this legislation and the two pieces of legislation that follow. It shows the American public that this House, when we work together across the aisle and focus our attention on these important economic issues, can get things done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4854, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FIX CROWDFUNDING ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4855) to amend provisions in the securities laws relating to regulation crowdfunding to raise the dollar amount limit and to clarify certain requirements and exclusions for funding portals established by such Act, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4855 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fix Crowdfunding Act’’. 
to make a joint investment in a business. These vehicles would only make investments in one company and would be advised by a registered investment adviser with a fiduciary duty to the fund. Importantly, the investors would have the same rights to sue the company as if they had directly invested in the company itself. This provision will also aid companies as they will be able to more efficiently make financial decisions, provided that the investment adviser agrees that they are in the best interest of the fund’s investors. H.R. 4855 also clarifies that as long as a crowdfunding company continues to make ongoing disclosures to investors required under the SEC’s rules, it would not have to make the more detailed public reports until it had either a $75 million value or $50 million in revenue. This change is consistent with the levels set under Regulation A, another exempt offering sold to retail investors. I am pleased that the amended bill no longer includes problematic provisions that were opposed by advocates like the Consumer Federation of America. Instead, the bill is now crafted to make target improvements to crowdfunding for all investors and startups. b1815 Now, although crowdfunding should be viewed as a highly risky investment, especially for retail investors, both of the changes in H.R. 4855 will ensure a longer choice of highquality crowdfunding companies and a higher degree of finance savvy for investors. Mr. Speaker and Members, I had reservations about crowdfunding. I had real concerns, but I am very pleased that I was able to work with Mr. MCHENRY , and he was so very cooperative in dealing with those concerns that made me feel even better about crowdfunding than I had been feeling. So I am just so hopeful that this works and it works well, and that even though there is some risk involved in this, that we have the opportunity for people who want to take a little risk to go out there and to be able to organize the kind of funding that perhaps can make them reap substantial profits in a real credible way. So I want to thank, again, Mr. MCHENRY for his cooperation and for the work and the time that he has put into this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the fact that the gentleman from North Carolina was able to bring about that hope and change to the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ). Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to take this moment to not only thank the subcommittee chair, but thank the ranking member and Congressman MCHENRY for their bipartisan work on this bill and bringing it to the floor. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that many— too many—communities are still trying to pull themselves up after the past 8 years of economic stagnation. Some have succeeded, but the current system has left millions of people behind with a long road of recovery left to go. Now, the House is not blind to it, and we recognize, like so many others, that an anticompetitive state is depriving us of our ability to prosper. That is why we started the Innovation Initiative and why this bill is so important. Four years ago, Congress came together to pass the JOBS Act, a bill that provided small businesses and entrepreneurs more ways to raise capital investment. Now, this wasn’t a banker’s bill. It was a bill that opened the door for members of our communities to invest in ideas that could create goodpaying jobs, provide goods and services, and increase the quality of life for the American people in their community. After all, it is small businesses that have created twothirds of all net new jobs since the 1970s. But while small businesses remain the cornerstone of our economy, the Federal Government has made it harder and harder to start one. The entry of new businesses in the United States has declined by nearly 44 percent since the late 1970s. Starting a business has been especially hard in recent years. The policies today, after 71⁄2 years under President Obama, are not a roadmap for those looking for a better way. The JOBS Act was a good start to creating a more dynamic economy. But it was never followed through after the bill’s initial success. These bills today are targeted fixes to restore the original spirit of the JOBS Act: to harness innovation and bring together millions of Americans with potential new businesses through crowdfunding. These new businesses could become the next Apple or Under Armour. They could revitalize the most downtrodden communities who were hardest hit by the recession and faced the slowest recovery. Now, a couple of weeks ago, I was in Baltimore visiting a cybersecurity startup. The work they do to protect cyber networks is growing more important by the day. By engaging with the changing world—using the power of innovation to improve our security—this startup also lifted up a community and helped it to thrive. Today, ZeroFOX has ushered in a new era for their southern Baltimore community. That community is part of the future helping our country become a better place. This is the power of the innovation economy. This is what we are voting to support. This is how America has a better and brighter future. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am sure there are those who wonder why we on the opposite side of the aisle work so hard to pay attention to our constituents as it relates to investment and why we work so hard to pay attention to our consumers. I will tell you why. Everyone recognizes what happened in 2008 in this country. We literally had a meltdown. We went into a recession— almost a depression. Why did we do that? We went into a recession and almost a depression because our regulatory agencies were not paying attention and people were being taken advantage of. We had a very difficult time trying to explain to the people of this country why we had so many foreclosures, why people were losing their homes, and why communities were so displaced. But we recognized that our regulatory agencies who had the responsibility for oversight and who had the responsibility for making sure people weren’t taken advantage of just had not been doing their jobs. I want you to know that with DoddFrank reforms, we have gone a long way to correct that. In addition to looking at our markets and looking at Wall Street, we created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that is doing a magnificent job in looking out for our consumers and making sure that what happened that led up to the 2008 meltdown does not happen again in America. So I am very pleased that the Obama administration in the last 75 months has had consecutive job growth. It looks as if it is about 14.5 million privatesector jobs. Of course, when Mr. Obama took over, we know that about 800 jobs per month were being lost. So we don’t take our job lightly, and we don’t play with this. We want to make sure that there is capital available for startups because we support business and we absolutely support small business. We want to make sure they have access to capital. But what we don’t want is we don’t want, then, to be tricked or fooled or to be led into socalled opportunities that are really not opportunities at all. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina, I will say that I agree with the gentlewoman that prior to 2008 and the crisis, the regulators were not doing their jobs. They were not monitoring as they were supposed to be. So true to form to the Washington way of dealing with things at that time, this administration was able to pass through a 2,000page Democraticinspired and crafted piece of legislation called the DoddFrank legislation—2,000 pages and 400 regulations. It did as Washington normally does: give those failed regulators raises, more authority, and bigger and fancier buildings. What was the result of that? 
GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4855, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4361, FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–666) on the resolution (H. Res. 803) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 5580. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BLUM). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the members of the Tule River Tribe are descendants of the original inhabitants of the San Joaquin Valley that occupied the territory along the rivers and creeks flowing from the Sierra Nevada Mountains and Tulare Lake in southcentral California. Like many other tribes in California and around the country, the Tule River people have suffered many injustices and inequities over the years, including forced removal and relocation of the tribe to the roughly 54,000acre reservation which they have resided in for 140 years. H.R. 4685, and Mr. MCCARTHY , will add to that existing land base by deeming that approximately 34 acres of Bureau of Land Management land be held in trust for the tribe. It is a small amount of acreage in the bigger picture. This land is situated between the tribal fee land and the reservation land, near the only entrance to the reservation, and it is entirely cut off from Federal lands in the vicinity. Mr. Speaker, this is a very small amount of land, as I said, but as the vice chairman of the tribe stated in testimony before the committee, ‘‘every acre of land is important’’ to the Tule River people. I want to commend the sponsor of the bill, Majority Leader Mr. MCCARTHY, for bringing this legislation to the floor. It passed by unanimous consent. I urge its quick adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to commend my colleague, Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY , for his work on this important piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4685. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4685. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT FOUNDATION ACT Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3844) to establish the Energy and Minerals Reclamation Foundation to encourage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects to reclaim abandoned mine lands and orphan oil and gas well sites, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3844 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Land Management Foundation Act’’. 
PROPERTY .—The Foundation shall not use any funds to purchase real property, unless such property is to be used by the Foundation for administrative or other support purposes or is an easement for rightofway access necessary to utilize, manage, or otherwise dispose of any bequest or gift of real property to the Foundation. 
The Secretary may accept, without regard to the civil service classification laws, rules, and regulations, the services of the Foundation, the Board, and the offices, employees, or agents of the Foundation, without compensation from the Department of the Interior, as volunteers for the performance of the 
The United States shall not be liable for any debts, defaults, acts, or omissions of the Foundation, nor shall the full faith and credit of the United States extend to any obligations of the Foundation. 
The Attorney General may petition in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia for such equitable relief as may be necessary or appropriate if the Foundation engages in any act, practice, or policy that is inconsistent with this Act or the bylaws of the Foundation. 
Nothing in this Act authorizes the Foundation to perform any function the authority for which is exclusively provided to the BLM under any other provision of law. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be the author of H.R. 3844, the Bureau of Land Management Foundation Act. This legislation is one part of the Natural Resources Committee’s response to the complex, technical, legal, educational, and fundingrelated challenges for abandoned mine lands, also referred to as AML, as well as orphan oil and gas sites across the country. These issues were highlighted last year with the EPA’s Gold King and Standard Mine spills in Colorado’s Animas River. I am happy to present this piece of legislation as part of a comprehensive response to the Gold King spill and am glad that it comes less than 1 year from the anniversary of that disaster. I hope the other bills, H.R. 3734, authored by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ), and H.R. 3843, authored by Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee Chairman LAMBORN , will also be considered by the House soon. H.R. 3844 seeks to address part of the fundingrelated challenge for abandoned mine lands and orphan oil and gas well sites by creating a foundation. Based on other successful models for the national park system, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Forest Service, this foundation would solicit private contributions to remediate sites that were abandoned prior to the enactment of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 and the implementation of the Bureau of Land Management’s mining regulation of January 1, 1981. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to thank the ranking member of the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee, Mr. LOWENTHAL of California, for his willingness to work in a bipartisan manner to help sharpen the focus of the foundation, while also allowing the foundation to solicit private donations to help aid the broader mission of the Bureau of Land Management. I strongly believe that this bill represents our collective ability to work in a bipartisan manner at a time when many people say we can’t do so, so I thank the gentleman very much for his cooperation and input. In addition to reclamation of mines and wells, the foundation would also supplement educational, technical, scientific, and other assistance or activities that support the management of wild freeroaming horses and burros, fish and wildlife and their habitats, National Conservation Lands, recreation resources, and cultural and historic resources. Those individuals who donate to the foundation will be able to direct how they would like their money to be used, and any general donations would be divided equally amongst the two areas of the foundation. This, in turn, grows the pie and the slice that will go toward fixing legacy mine sites. I am pleased that the end product of our bipartisan work will greatly involve the private sector in ways that will help us prevent future events like the EPA spill in Colorado. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3844. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3844 is a bipartisan bill that I am proud to have worked cooperatively on with Mr. HICEand the Natural Resources Committee. H.R. 3844 would establish a charitable foundation to support the mission and activities of the Bureau of Land Management. Congress has chartered a number of similar foundations to serve as partners to our land management agencies, including the National Park Foundation, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, and the National Forest Foundation. By establishing a Bureau of Land Management Foundation, H.R. 3844 will provide the BLM with an important partner and allow private individuals and corporations to support the Bureau’s diverse mission, which includes activities such as managing wild horses, protecting cultural resources, and cleaning up abandoned mines. Again, I join with my colleague, and I would like to commend my colleague, Mr. HICE, and the committee for working with me so that we, together, could put together this final bipartisan language that was adopted in the Natural Resources Committee and that we are voting on today. The establishment of a Bureau of Land Management Foundation is long overdue, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, again, I just want to say a huge thank you to the ranking member for his willingness to work with us. It has been an honor, indeed, to work with him. I am pleased with this end product, and I urge the support of our colleagues and the passage of H.R. 3844. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3844, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation to encourage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects for the benefit of, or in connection with, activities and services of the Bureau of Land Management, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SENIOR SAFE ACT OF 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4538) to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4538 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material to the bill therein. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4538. It is the Senior Safe Act of 2016, and I would like to thank the sponsors, principally the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), also the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ), for all of their hard work in bringing this bill to the floor of the House today. Mr. Speaker, we spend a lot of time in our committee and this Congress debating ways in which we can help Americans achieve a secure and dignified retirement. And while there are often disagreements about how to achieve that goal, one issue that is not debatable is that we must do everything in our power to stop fraudsters and scam artists from preying on the vulnerable senior citizen. Currently, Americans over the age of 50 account for roughly 75 percent, over threequarters of the financial assets of the U.S.; and unfortunately, one in five of those seniors, that is 20 percent, over the age of 65, have been the victim of fraud—one in five. Think of that. This costs senior citizens almost $2.9 billion every year, not to mention the stress and the pain that comes along with it for a person who has been victimized, trying to rebuild their financial security. Oftentimes, employees of banks or financial advisers are on the front lines against such fraud when they see that one of their clients may be a potential target. Unfortunately, current laws make it very difficult for employees of such institutions to report the occurrences of those frauds. So what do we do? We come to the floor tonight for something called the Senior Safe Act. What does it do? It provides a very simple fix that would allow a supervisor or a compliance officer of a bank or investment adviser to report instances of fraud to a Federal or State regulator so long as they reported the matter in good faith and, of course, with reasonable care. b2000 Employees at these institutions want to protect their clients just as much as any regulator does, and so this bill would allow them to speak up when they see fraud that is being unreported. This bill passed the Financial Services Committee last month unanimously, so 
I encourage all my colleagues in the House to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4538 is a bill intended to better aid our law enforcement agencies, State and Federal regulators, and agencies assisting seniors to quickly respond to and prevent financial abuse of elders. Currently, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and financial advisers are required to report suspicious activity, including cases of suspected abuse of our Nation’s seniors. Nevertheless, industry has raised concerns that they are prevented from doing so out of fear that they might later be sued. Even though our regulators have taken considerable steps to allay such concerns, it seems that congressional action may be necessary to ensure that financial institutions take actions to stop elders from being swindled in their vulnerable years. Like Ms. SINEMA , I also want to ensure that when any employee at a financial institution sees something suspicious, she immediately says something to the appropriate authorities and regulators. Indeed, I recently introduced legislation with a similar objective of ensuring the continued flow of critically important reporting of suspicious activity as it relates to terrorism, money laundering, and other serious illicit activities. Although it is not explicitly specified in the legislation before us today, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau should also use its existing authority to set standards for this training, and is authorized to ensure that the training is being conducted. H.R. 4538 is a good first step, but should not be the end of our efforts to rein in elder abuse. For example, State regulators are going further and mandating that financial firms make such reports to authorities instead of making the reports voluntary. The States and FINRA, the regulator of broker dealers, also want to authorize financial advisers to put holds on financial transactions before a swindler can run off with the retirement savings of our Nation’s grandparents. Finally, I would like to acknowledge the numerous changes Ms. SINEMA has incorporated to improve the bill. These edits ensure that the bill covers all financial institutions and will enhance reporting of suspected elder abuse. However, more changes are still needed before the bill can be enacted, including language suggested by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and other advocates. I hope that the Senate’s sponsors will work with the administration and others to ensure their suggested changes are incorporated into the bill before it is enacted into law. However, today, Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4538. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) who has brought so much to this committee, and I very much appreciate all of his hard work on that and especially on the legislation that is here before us today. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. Our great State of Maine has the oldest average age in the country. Like thousands of fellow Mainers, I help care for my special 86 and 88yearold parents. Now, it is scary to realize that our vulnerable seniors, whom we love so much, are increasingly being victimized by aggressive financial scams. This fraud is costing them not only sleepless nights, but about $3 billion each year. So today, Mr. Speaker, here in the House, Republicans and Democrats have a chance to show our compassion and to help our seniors. Now, our Senior Safe Act will help local bank and credit union tellers and retirement and insurance advisers and others to identify and stop these crimes before they happen. Our bill enables professionals in the financial sector and the institutions they work for to report this crookery to the proper authorities. We must do everything humanly possible, Mr. Speaker, to stop these scams before our parents and grandparents are fooled into draining and transferring their savings accounts and their nest eggs. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to work with Democrat Congresswoman SINEMA and Congressman MURPHY of Florida and for Republican Congressman MULVANEY to write this important legislation. I thank Chairman HENSARLING and Chairman G ARRETT for quickly moving this bill through our Financial Services Committee. I also want to congratulate and thank our Maine Senator, SUSAN COLLINS, for authoring the original legislation in the Senate. I am proud to work and join with Senator COLLINS by authoring this companion legislation here in the House. As we all know in Maine and throughout the country, Senator COLLINS has been a national leader and a champion on all sorts of issues important to aging adults throughout our country. Finally, I want to thank Judy Shaw, Maine’s Securities Administrator, who has been instrumental in developing this type of program in our great State of Maine where it has been so successful in preventing financial fraud against our seniors. Now, Mr. Speaker, we Americans are facing many challenges here at home and abroad. But that doesn’t mean that we can’t find solutions that we can agree upon—commonsense solutions— to the serious problems that hurt our seniors, and this is one case. As a result, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, to support the Senior Safe Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), the sponsor of this legislation. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, Ranking Member WATERS , Congressman P OLIQUIN , Congressman MURPHY of Florida, and Congressman MULVANEY for working with me on our bipartisan legislation to help law enforcement combat senior financial exploitation. In 2014, Tinna Kay Lujan, while employed as a certified nursing assistant at Amber Lights, an assisted living facility in Tucson, my home State of Arizona, took 87yearold Donald Hansen out of his facility and into her own home where he was later found dehydrated and suffering from an infection. Lujan not only moved Mr. Hansen into her home against his will, she also exploited him financially. As reported in the Arizona Republic, Washington Federal Bank staff contacted law enforcement because they were suspicious when Lujan and Hansen, who had been a longtime customer, visited the bank together. Ms. Lujan provided the bank with a powerofattorney document signed by Hansen. She also requested bank cards and checks from Hansen’s accounts and added Hansen’s grandchildren as beneficiaries. But bank staff knew that Hansen had no grandchildren, and later they learned those beneficiaries were, in fact, Ms. Lujan’s children. Donald Hansen is only one of thousands of Arizona seniors who are victims of financial exploitation every year. Recent studies estimate that nearly one in five American seniors may be a target for fraud or financial abuse, and seniors lose at least $2.9 billion annually to financial exploitation. But even when financial institutions suspect abuse, the abuse may go unpunished because current laws lack flexibility to allow these companies to report suspected abuse to authorities. Our bill, the Senior Safe Act, helps individuals and financial institutions communicate with appropriate agencies when they suspect financial exploitation of seniors. The bill also encourages firms to train employees to identify and stop financial fraud targeting seniors. Seniors deserve to retire with dignity, and they shouldn’t have to worry that their hardearned savings are at risk of fraud. Our legislation protects these firms and advisers from liability when they report suspected financial exploitation of a senior citizen. It is a commonsense solution to help ensure financial institutions can identify fraud, report it, and stop financial abuse of the elderly. Again, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work and support to protect seniors and end financial exploitation. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her work and her bipartisan effort on this legislation. I very, very much, as I said, thank the gentleman from Maine for all of his contributions to the Financial Services Committee. Mr. Speaker, today I urge unanimous support in the House like we had in committee. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4538, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZATION OF THE USE OF ACTIVE CAPACITY OF THE FONTENELLE RESERVOIR Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2273) to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2273 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORITY TO MAKE ENTIRE ACTIVE CAPACITY OF FONTENELLE RESERVOIR AVAILABLE FOR USE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2273 was introduced by me, and it allows the State of Wyoming and the Federal Government to study, design, plan, and perform construction that will expand the active storage capacity at the Fontenelle Reservoir and Dam in Wyoming. This is a reservoir that is on the Green River. The State of Wyoming will pay for the entire expansion. It will take us up about 87,000 acrefeet. Currently, the dam is at about 260. It will take us up to about 345,000 acrefeet. It will do it by riprapping the face of the dam. Riprap is when you take broken up concrete or stone and prevent erosion on the face of the dam. The additional storage capacity will be used by my State of Wyoming. As you know, Mr. Speaker, expanding surface water storage projects in the West has to continue to be on the table. This bill allows for that expansion and does not require any additional expenditure from the Federal Government. I am in support of the bill, of course, as the sponsor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b2015 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2273 is a real straightforward piece of legislation. It would increase the amount of water that can be stored in the Fontenelle Reservoir, which is a reservoir located in Lincoln County, Wyoming, the great State of Wyoming. I want to commend the author, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ), for her efforts on this important legislation for Wyoming. This bill has been written in a balanced manner that respects existing laws, compacts, and treaties. It does not attempt to expand Wyoming’s entitlement to the Colorado River supplies. Any time we are talking about the Colorado River, Upper Basin or Lower Basin, it gets to be a bit of a sticky wicket. This does not involve any of those issues at the expense of any of the Colorado River Basin States. H.R. 2273 is an important piece of legislation for the Congresswoman. It passed the Natural Resources Committee unanimously. Therefore, I lend my support to H.R. 2273, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2273, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project to enable the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
H.R. 4582 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Save Our Salmon Act’’ or the ‘‘SOS Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), the author of this bill. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4582, the Save Our Salmon Act, which I introduced earlier this year, removes a contradiction in Federal law. This Federal law mandates that not only do we double the amount of threatened and endangered species, the salmon and steelhead, that we spend so much time, effort, and money trying to save, but the contradiction is it also wants us to double the striped bass that eat 98 percent of the fish we are trying to save. This is a simple bill that is bipartisan that will save taxpayer dollars and that will save our water in California while addressing what we feel is a simple mistake. Under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, the CVPIA, this doubling goal was set in place in 1992. Again, the steelhead and the salmon are being eaten by the striped bass, which is a nonnative predator fish. This mandated population doubling of the predator fish has proven contradictory to protecting native species under the Endangered Species Act. This bill not only removes this provision, but at the request of the administration, my bill also removes other sections in the CVPIA which provide for the implementation of the strategies to double the striped bass. NOAA, NMFS, and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife have all indicated that predation of juvenile salmon is one of the primary stressors to these endangered species. In California, predation is rampant. Predation of endangered fish in California continues to be one of the major factors in the complex equation of California water and the drought that our State faces. By eliminating this contradictory provision in the CVPIA, native species will again thrive without wasting the massive amounts of freshwater and taxpayer dollars currently required to do so. Again, this is a commonsense, easy solution for Republicans and Democrats to agree on. If we want to save the threatened endangered species, let’s stop spending so much money on the very fish that eat 98 percent of the fish that we are trying to save. I want to thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle for cosponsoring this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4582. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the author, as the original cosponsor of this important legislation, for trying to provide a balancing act in maintaining the waters for all beneficial uses in California. This legislation by Congressman DENHAM that has good bipartisan support, H.R. 4582, is known also as the Save Our Salmon Act. It would amend the Central Valley Project Improvement to exempt striped bass from the law’s fishdoubling goals. One should understand that striped bass is a nonnative fish to California that was introduced in the late 1800s. Unfortunately, for the native salmon, the delta smelt, and other native fisheries, the striped bass is a very aggressive predator fish. The fact is that they eat not only juvenile salmon, but they eat delta smelt, which is part of the food chain for the salmon. As a result of this introduction, the striped bass are thriving, but, unfortunately, the native salmon of California are not. This measure, H.R. 4582, is the first step in a range of overall policy decisions that we have got to take under consideration. Common sense tells us that we must look at all—all—of the stressors that are impacting the native fisheries of California. This attempts to do that to aid salmon recovery by providing, also, an additional, more reliable water supply for Californians. Those in the San Joaquin Valley that Congressman DENHAM , others, and I represent have been devastated by the impact of the drought over the last 4, now going on 5, years. Farms, farm communities, and farmworkers have lost their jobs as a result of a zero— zero—water allocation. We don’t even have a program to deal with what the Fish and Wildlife agencies have indicated is one of the greatest impacts of native species, which are predator fish. We don’t have a predator control program as we have on the Columbia River. It is about time we do something about it. While there are many stressors that impact the California salmon populations, thereby impacting the water supply reliability for much of California, this measure attempts to begin to do something about the predator problem. I want to commend again Congressman DENHAM for his ongoing efforts, along with all of us, on a bipartisan effort to look at an overall balanced solution. I support H.R. 4582, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to commend these California Members. I have been to their districts. I have seen and been at hearings in Fresno where these issues have come to my level of understanding of now a 
sympathetic outsider. These issues are almost intractable. When we see bipartisan support on something this important to the economy, to the farmers and ranchers, to the wonderful ecosystems that they are trying to balance in a way that will conserve farming and ranching, that benefits every consumer in this country of some of the finest fruits, vegetables, and other commodities that you can ever imagine. I mean, this is like the breadbasket of our country. To find ways to combat nonnative species in a way that protects native species and also protects the people who produce our food and fiber is so important. I commend the gentlemen from California on both sides of the aisle and their colleagues. I want to offer my complete support of H.R. 4582. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4582, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CLEAR CREEK NATIONAL RECREATION AREA AND CONSERVATION ACT Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1838) to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, to designate additional components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1838 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act’’. 
In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the approximately 21,000 acres of Federal lands located in Fresno County and San Benito County, California, and generally depicted on a map entitled ‘‘Proposed Joaquin Rocks Wilderness’’ and dated January 14, 2015, is designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System and shall be known as the ‘‘Joaquin Rocks Wilderness’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1838, the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act, would reopen an area administratively closed by the Bureau of Land Management to offhighway vehicle and other recreational activities, designate new wilderness, and release a wilderness study area back into multiple use. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1838 establishes the Clear Creek National Recreation Area, as stated before, and the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness Area on land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in the Central Coast region of California in Fresno County. I am very familiar with this. It used to be in a previous district I represented. This area has mutual beneficial uses, from hiking and hunting to offhighway vehicle use. Adjacent to this area are areas that have been used for cattle grazing for families for generations. They have worked together to ensure that we can protect those areas for appropriate uses for cattle grazing but also, at the same time, separately provide areas where this hiking and hunting and offhighway vehicle use can take place. This legislation will improve and enhance the success for a variety of recreational activities, which is what it is intended to, and, at the same time, try to preserve ecological sensitive and unique areas in a way that supports the overall use. In addition to the many ecological benefits they are providing, including clean air and clean water, wilderness areas throughout the country play a large role in supporting the approximately $646billionperyear outdoor recreational economy. I am pleased that we are advancing a bill that adds 21,000 acres to the National Wilderness Preservation System. Our colleagues in the House have introduced several bills to designate wilderness areas. These bills are developed from the ground up with input and support from our constituents. This bill, in particular, has been a priority for Congressman FARR for many years. I want to congratulate him for his hard work and tenacity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b2030 Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the fine gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), one of the Republican cosponsors of this bill. These fine gentleman include all here present. They worked together on a bipartisan basis for one of the most economically and ecologically versatile places on Earth. Mr. DENHAM. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, SAMFARR. Together, we have coauthored a bill that brings two valleys together. We have the Salinas Valley and the Central Valley that come together in this beautiful spot and bring a national forest to what its intended use is—for hikers, for offroaders, and for people who just want to use the beauty of this park. This has truly been a bipartisan effort, not only between Republicans and Democrats, but by pulling two valleys together, a number of different Members are wanting to see this area open back up and be utilized by the taxpayers. This is something that is going to provide generations to come an opportunity to spend time together—to offroad together, to hike together, and to even take photographs, which I know my good friend likes to do in areas like this. I am proud to be a coauthor, and I am proud of the widespread bipartisan support. I am proud to have worked with such a good friend on a fine piece of legislation. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR), my good friend from California’s Central Coast area. Mr. FARR. I thank very much Ranking Member COSTA and Chairwoman LUMMIS for their support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I think this bill is more than what we just talked about, because it is an incredible collaboration of groups that are not necessarily friendly to each other. We have in this sponsorship the OffRoad Vehicle Association and the Native Plant Society. Normally, they would not be on the same legislation. Why did it all happen? It is because we have 60,000 acres that have been shut down for nobody’s use. It was a former asbestos surface mining area. Clear Creek has been a destination for outdoor recreation by offroad vehicle users, hikers, bird and animal enthusiasts, and many others. The area is home to unique habitats of plants and animals that attract visitors, which has helped a lowincome rural area economically; but in 2008, the Bureau of Land Management closed the area because of an EPA report that said the naturally occurring asbestos may be dangerous. Without any further thought about assuming risk in the national area, it just closed it all down; but as long as people are aware of the risks and know how to safely enjoy Clear Creek, it is not dangerous at all. For example, people climb El Capitan, which is, probably, one of the more difficult climbs in America. You make a mistake there and you die, yet the National Park Service allows you to climb it. The risks go on and on. You also see the same with heliskiing, skydiving, and many other highrisk 
activities. Two of my constituents— and they really deserve tremendous credit because they really learned how to petition government—Ed Tobin, who is with the Salinas Ramblers Motorcycle Club, and Ron DeShazer, who is a forklift operator in Salinas and a longtime Clear Creek rider, know about risks. They also know how to recreate safely in Clear Creek. We should learn from them. Clear Creek’s closure not only upset the vast offroad vehicle community, but also the California Native Plant Society, the Sierra Club hikers, and, especially, the local community, which is suffering the economic loss. This is commonsense legislation that does three things: First, the bill redesignates the Clear Creek Management Area as the Clear Creek National Recreation Area. This allows it to be used for offroad vehicle recreation, and it requires the Bureau of Land Management to alert all users to the risks and to instruct people to wash off vehicles that may be used on the roads. The wash racks are already in place and have been there for years. Second, it gives the Bureau of Land Management the authority to levy a recreational user fee and apply the proceeds to the management of the area. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. COSTA. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. FARR. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Third, it allows the BLM to enter into joint management agreements with the California State Parks system that manages a nearby offroad vehicle park without asbestos surfaces, known as Hollister Hills. Fourth, this legislation designates the adjacent Joaquin Rocks landscape as wilderness and five BLMidentified streams as National Wild and Scenic Rivers. The conservation piece of this legislation protects a diverse array of flora and fauna and several species of wildlife. In addition to falcons, hawks, and owls, the area provides a potential nesting habitat for the California condor, which was reintroduced in the nearby Gabilan Range. I thank my colleagues JEFFDENHAM  and DAVID VALADAO for being tremendous partners and for their leadership in bringing this bill to the House floor today. In working with Representatives DENHAM and V ALADAO , their staffs, and many of our constituents in central California, we crafted a bill to support recreation, conservation, and economic growth. I also thank Chairman BISHOP of the committee and Ranking Member GRIJALVA , subcommittee Chairman MCCLINTOCK and subcommittee Ranking Member TSONGAS for their support. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the legislation, and I also urge the members of the committee to think about this when trying to solve difficult, conflicting problems in that we can bring all parties of interest together and end up with a winwin. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I think the bipartisan support is here. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I express my support for this bill and my thanks to my colleagues from California for their hard work on this bill— on my side of the aisle, Mr. DENHAM  and Mr. VALADAO ; on the Democratic side, Mr. FARR, with whom I served on the Appropriations Committee and who did a wonderful job, by the way, and Mr. COSTA , with whom I now serve on the Natural Resources Committee. They are fine gentlemen, one and all, from California. Before I close, I must say I have a unique love for the State. My relative, a gentleman named Charles Fletcher Lummis, walked from Ohio to California—walked—in the 1800s, arrived in Los Angeles, and became the assistant editor of what is now the Los Angeles Times. There were only 14,000 people in Los Angeles, California. His home, El Alisal, which is between Los Angeles and Pasadena, is a State historic site in California and is a wonderful, historic place to visit. He was the first person to photograph the Penitentes ceremony, where they actually crucified some of their colleagues in a ceremony in New Mexico. He was the American who chronicled the capture of Geronimo. He was knighted by the King of Spain for being the Californian who led the designation of national historic sites for San Juan Capistrano and others of the great missions of southern California before they were destroyed. He was a magnificent, flowery character in the State of California. His friends were people like John Muir, Teddy Roosevelt, and other famous conservationists and preservationists. I am proud to be a relative of Charles Fletcher Lummis. I am proud of what California has done to balance its efforts in having a uniquely diverse culture and a fabulous agriculture and recreation economy. This is a unique State. This is a State that has pistachios and almonds and vegetables, which we all need to sustain ourselves in a way that will allow America to continue to play a role in feeding itself. I was involved in an effort to try to make sure, for our own national security, that we would continue to be able to feed ourselves in this Nation, and we thought we were going to be able to feed ourselves until around the year 2050. It has been years ago since we became a net importer of food. That is not necessary. We can grow enough food in America to sustain our population. To allow us to become a net importer of food, I think, is a mistake because we have a magnificent place like California that can outgrow almost any area of our Nation if we will only be respectful and listen to the people who live there and to the people who feed us, whether they are the farm owners or the farmworkers. These are people who want to work on California and with California so as to feed America, to support their families, and to sustain a fabulous environment. To the fine gentlemen from California who bring this bill forward and who work so hard every day to try to make sure that these different valleys and these very diverse communities come together, I offer my full support of this bill, and I commend them for their work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ZINKE). The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1838, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SAINT FRANCIS DAM DISASTER NATIONAL MEMORIAL ACT Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5244) to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5244 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Saint Francis Dam Disaster National Memorial Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), the author of this bill. Mr. KNIGHT. I thank the Speaker for letting us talk about such an important issue. Mr. Speaker, this issue has been bantered about in my district for many years, and we are finally getting recourse whereby we are going to have a memorial for the second largest disaster in California’s history. It is interesting that this happened about 20 miles from my house, and many people will drive by and not know that the Saint Francis Dam is there. Yet the Saint Francis Dam was there in 1928, and it killed approximately 437 people, becoming the second largest disaster in California’s history. Entire families were wiped out in the early hours of March 12, 1928, as nearly 12 billion gallons of water flowed down the San Francisquito Canyon, located in my district, all the way to the Pacific Ocean, which is 54 miles away. The dam was a project by the great William Mulholland, who was best known for creating the L.A. aqueduct system. However, this project of his ended in disaster, and it is one of the biggest civil engineering disasters in our Nation. Subsequently, the failure of the Saint Francis Dam changed the methods that were used to create new dams and to set new safety standards across the Nation, including the construction of the Hoover Dam. The dam site has remained unprotected and hidden for 88 years and needs to be protected. As well, there needs to be a memorial established for the victims and their families. My bill, H.R. 5244, seeks to memorialize these people who perished at the site of the Saint Francis Dam, and it creates a 440acre national monument to preserve the site for educational purposes and to attract visitors. b2045 The remains of the dam are of local and national historical significance and should be protected for the future of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this bill. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In one of the worst civil engineering failures of the 20th century, the breach of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, tragically took the lives of over 400 Americans. To honor the memory of those who lost their lives on that fateful day, H.R. 5244 establishes a national memorial at the disaster site in California’s Santa Clarita Valley. This memorial will provide a permanent place of remembrance and healing. In addition to the memorial, H.R. 5244 also establishes the Saint Francis Dam National Monument on 440 acres of public land that is currently managed by the Forest Service. The national monument designation authorizes the U.S. Forest Service, in consultation with a range of stakeholders, to develop educational programs to improve the health of these regional wetlands. I want to thank Congressman KNIGHT  and the Santa Clarita Valley Historical Society for bringing the legacy of the Saint Francis Dam disaster to the attention of the Congress. As we all have heard, those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat it. So we need to ensure that we remember the lessons of history that are part of the Saint Francis story. I also want to thank Mr. KNIGHT for his work with the Forest Service to address some of the concerns before the bill was marked up in committee. 
This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) for his work and leadership on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me to honor the more than 400 individuals who lost their lives nearly 90 years ago by supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5244, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TUOLUMNE BAND OF MEWUK LAND INTO TRUST Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3079) to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of MeWuk Indians, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3079 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), the author of this bill, the chairman of the Federal Lands Subcommittee of the Natural Resources Committee, a committee on which I serve. I want to salute the fine work during this Congress and previous Congresses of the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, although I am still very angry at her for her decision to retire from the House at the end of this term. I don’t think anyone blames her for wanting to deprive herself of the pleasure of our company, but I do blame her very much for depriving all of us of the pleasure of her company. She will be sorely missed. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3079 would transfer two 40acre parcels owned by the Forest Service to the Tuolumne Band of MeWuk Indians. These parcels are landlocked Forest Service property that are caught between a private property owner to the north and east, and tribally owned lands to the south and west that are currently in the process of being converted from fee to trust. These new parcels would be added to the tribe’s existing tribal conservation area and would be forbidden from being used for gaming. This bill has the full support of the Tuolumne County Board of Supervisors, the elected land use agency in this jurisdiction. The private property owner whose lands abuts this parcel also supports the transfer. Similar legislation has been introduced in the Senate by Senators Feinstein and Boxer. The Federal Lands Subcommittee has held extensive hearings into the maintenance backlog of U.S. Forest Service properties and the horrific fire danger posed by these overgrown Federal lands. Acreage in the Sierra now typically carries four times the timber density that the land can support. This region has been devastated by forest fires in the past decade because the Federal lands have been so badly neglected. The land in question is designated as a High Fire Hazard Severity Zone. The tribal chairman testified that the Forest Service has done no thinning of these parcels throughout his lifetime. Now, in my district that spans the Sierra Nevada, forest fires have utterly destroyed more than 1,000 square miles of forest in just the last 3 years. The Rim Fire, the largest in the history of the Sierra and one of the largest in the history of the State, came within just a few miles of this parcel. When I visited the command center at the Rough Fire just south of Tuolumne in August, the beleaguered firefighters begged me to carry back one message to Congress: that forest treatment matters. Where the fire ran into treated acreage, it slowed enough to extinguish, but there just wasn’t enough of it. So that fire burned for more than 10 weeks and destroyed 151,000 acres of forest land. By adding these parcels to the existing tribal conservation area, we ensure that this acreage will be properly maintained, which means additional fire protection for the region. It will add 80 acres of properly managed and maintained forest land where excess timber can be carried out before it burns out. And in association with the tribe’s other conservation work, that just could make the difference in stopping or slowing the next catastrophic fire in the region. It is, at least, a start. I thank the gentlewoman for the time, and I thank the House for hearing this bill today and ask for its adoption. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Tuolumne Band of the MeWuk Indians of the Tuolumne Rancheria is seeking a transfer of the two parcels that have been mentioned from the U.S. Forest Service land to the Department of the Interior to be held in trust for the tribe. These two parcels, which represent a combined total of about 80 acres, are both undeveloped and they are landlocked. The parcels are located in an area of great cultural and historical significance to the tribe and are contiguous to lands the tribe currently owns in fee simple, known simply as the Murphy Ranch. When the tribe inquired about the status of these parcels, the local U.S. Forest Service staff confirmed that there are no current or future uses to the U.S. Forest Service or any other Federal agency. The tribe would like to make these existing two parcels a part of their Murphy Ranch Conservation Area, which was established to protect the environment, wildlife, and the natural beauty of the area, and also, as Congressman MCCLINTOCK noted, to provide additional fire protection, which is absolutely essential. We, as a result of 4 devastatingly dry years, combined with the bark beetle, have a tinderbox of extreme fire conditions that we are dealing with in California. Some of you have noted the fires that have taken place already in other Western States. So fire protection is a part of the concern of this effort, and I feel very strongly that we need to do everything we can to improve the Forest Service’s ability to manage our forest lands. Frankly, we are spending all the money that we do give to the Forest Service to put out fires and, therefore, it only makes matters worse because we are not doing the kind of work we ought to be doing in managing the forests. 
So I want to commend the tribe for working with the Tuolumne County Board of Supervisors and the Edward Ingalls Trust to mitigate any other concerns that the land transfer might have had. Of course, Congressman MCCLINTOCK  has been tenacious in working with all the parties to try to bring this legislation to the floor for swift adoption, and I want to commend his efforts. We have no further speakers, and I think it would be appropriate that I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) for all her good work. I, too, will be one of those who will miss her presence, her active engagement, and her constructive efforts to try to find bipartisan solutions to the challenges we face here in Congress. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3079. The tribe intends to incorporate the 80 acres into what is commonly referred to as the ‘‘Murphy Ranch,’’ as the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) just indicated, and to designate the land as part of the tribe’s 2013 permanent conservation area. Once again, we have Californians coming together in a bipartisan way to do the right thing for their State. Nobody knows better than the people of their own State how best to manage their State. I think this evening’s debates are an example of people coming together to do the right thing on a bipartisan basis for their State. This is how Congress should work. This is how Congress can work. Mr. Speaker, I want to salute my colleague, chairman of the Federal Lands Subcommittee, Mr. TOMMCCLINTOCK , for all of his important work on this piece of legislation and other pieces of legislation. As I leave Congress, I am delighted to entrust the future of this Nation’s lands and water and air to the gentleman with whom I have been having these conversations tonight and debating these very bipartisan bills, practical commonsense approaches, just what the American people want to see more of in this Congress. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3079, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
UNITED STATES SEMIQUINCENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4875) to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4875 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4875, as introduced by Congressman PATRICK MEEHANof Pennsylvania. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ) to talk about this bill. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, one of my favorite Founding Fathers, Benjamin Franklin, once said that ‘‘by failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.’’ H.R. 4875, the United States Semiquincentennial Act of 2016 establishes a commission to facilitate the national plans leading up to America’s 250th birthday on July 4, 2026. This is the same process that was used in planning for the bicentennial celebrations all across the Nation in 1976. There is much to do, so we are following Ben Franklin’s advice here and starting the planning 10 years ahead of what should be an historic celebration. To develop these plans, the 32member body of private citizens and public officials will meet in historic Independence Hall in Philadelphia, the very place where our new Nation was declared. Within 2 years of its formation, the commission is charged with reporting recommendations on plans to the President and to Congress. Importantly, this legislation does not appropriate any funds toward the commission activities. The commission will rely solely on generous donations from private citizens. b2100 While the United States was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the commission will not be limited to planning events just in our great city. H.R. 4875 encourages the commission to develop event plans at sites of historical significance, at battlefields and important locations all across the Nation that will truly celebrate the birth of the United States of America. I want to thank my colleague BOB BRADY for his leadership and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for their work on the measure. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4875, the United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016. The bill, as we just heard, was introduced in the House by my colleague and friend, Representative PATRICK MEEHAN, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. Yesterday in my district, in Philadelphia, like all of the districts around the country, we were proudly celebrating the 240th birthday of the United States. On July 4, 2026, we will be celebrating the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence and the founding of our country. H.R. 4875 would establish a commission to plan, develop, and coordinate the commemoration of this important anniversary across the country. The commission’s events would highlight locations of historical significance, including key cities such as Boston, Charleston, New York, and of course the Nation’s birthplace of Philadelphia, my hometown. The commission would also emphasize the roles of individuals who have made significant impacts on American history. Under this legislation, the Department of the Interior would be required to study and report on actions to further the preservation of historic sites and develop fitting commemoration exhibits. Other Federal agencies would coordinate the development of scholarly works on, and artistic expressions of, American history, culture, and political thought; and the Secretary of State would facilitate the participation of foreign countries in the celebration. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to begin the planning of this special event only a decade away. I urge Members to support this resolution. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I would urge the passage of H.R. 4875. I appreciate the good work of Mr. MEEHAN, who helped champion this through in a bipartisan way. I appreciate Mr. BOYLE and his passion on this issue as well. All Americans are grateful for this Nation. And certainly celebrating its history is appropriate. I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4875, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
400 YEARS OF AFRICANAMERICAN HISTORY COMMISSION ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4539) to establish the 400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4539 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4539, introduced by Congressman BOBBY SCOTT of Virginia. In 1619, the first people from Africa arrived at the English colonies in Point Comfort, Virginia. To highlight the significant history and cultural impact of the 400th anniversary of the first Africans to arrive at Point Comfort, this bill creates a commission to plan and carry out commemorative activities. The Commission’s membership will be comprised of members appointed by the Secretary of the Interior after considering recommendations of civil rights and historical organizations: the secretary of the Smithsonian, Members of Congress, and Governors from across the country. Under the bill, the commission will plan, develop, and carry out programs and activities to recognize and highlight the resilience and contributions of African Americans since 1619 and to acknowledge the impact that slavery and laws that enforced racial discrimination had on the United States. The bill will also coordinate and facilitate for the public scholarly research on the arrival of Africans in the United States and the contributions of African Americans throughout our Nation’s history. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 4539. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to speak on this resolution, but we are very privileged to have its author right here with us. So I will yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in support of H.R. 4539. The 400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission Act was introduced earlier in the Senate by Senators TIMKAINE and MARKWARNER , and I was proud to introduce the House version with the support of Representatives Rigell, Butterfield, Forbes, Beyer, Wittman, Lewis, and many others. I would like to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ , Ranking Member C UMMINGS , and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) for their assistance in bringing the bill to the floor today. This bill would establish a commission to begin planning programs and activities across the Nation to recognize the many contributions of African Americans since the first arrival of Africans in the English colonies at Point Comfort, Virginia, in 1619. African Americans have contributed greatly to our Nation, and their achievements deserve to be celebrated. The history of Virginia and our Nation cannot be fully understood without recognizing the role played by the slave trade. Slavery was an abhorrent institution; but for hundreds of years, it was the foundation of the colonial and early American agricultural system and was essential to its economic sustainability. The 20 Africans who arrived at Point Comfort, Virginia, in Hampton, Virginia, in 1619 were the first on record to be forcibly settled as involuntary laborers in the English colonies. The 400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission Act will be instrumental in recognizing and highlighting the resilience and contributions of African Americans since 1619. From slavery, to fighting in the Civil War, to working against the oppression of Jim Crow segregation, to the civil rights movement, the rich history of African Americans and their contributions to our Nation began hundreds of years ago but obviously does not end there. The commission established by this bill will be charged with the important task of planning, developing, and implementing a series of programs and activities throughout 2019 to fully tell the story of African Americans, their contributions, and their resilience over the last 400 years and even earlier, as Africans were brought to North America by the Spanish more than a century earlier. The efforts of this 15member commission, which will include historical experts and not politicians, will ensure that the legacy of those Africans in colonial America, along with other African American leaders whose contributions have helped move our Nation forward, are recognized appropriately. It would be a great disservice not only to African Americans but all Americans if we failed to appropriately recognize this important upcoming milestone in our Nation’s history. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania for their leadership in this effort. And I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania for yielding. I thank the manager for his leadership, the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. And let me also thank the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the original sponsor of this bill, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I cannot think of a more important statement and act on the vast expanse of African American history. The 400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission Act, as has been offered by Mr. SCOTT, is giving one of the most authoritative and widely needed reviews of African American history. It is extensive; it is detailed; and it is distinct. Specifically, I come from the region called Texas and the Gulf States. In particular, as relates to the Emancipation Proclamation, we commemorate something called Juneteenth. That means that in 1863, we did not get the word that President Lincoln had freed the slaves. It came in 1865 when General Granger landed on the shores of Galveston. So we have this phenomenon called Juneteenth. It may not be an idea or a commemoration that is known all over. And then, of course, the early stages of slavery. The vast differences in the regions on how slaves were held, the many places where African Americans participated in war and peace that may not be known, the science and scientific research that we have evidenced beyond the likes of Dr. George Washington Carver or the debate between 
W.E.B. DuBois and Booker T. Washington on the pathways of African Americans. Certainly, we are well aware of the civil rights movement. Many believe they know their current history, but there are so many different nuances. And I imagine the commission of this particular legislation, this commission would go even far more deeply into African American history. So let me say that this is a very important legislative initiative. I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) for bringing it forward. And I will say that if this is signed by the President, America will be better for knowing the history of all people, and this commission will certainly be part of telling that very detailed, diverse, and different story of African Americans in the history of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I ask support of the bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank my colleagues for bearing with me while I am a little hoarse in doing this duty here tonight. I had a little bit too much screaming at our 4th of July festivities and parades in Philadelphia and Montgomery County yesterday. Mr. Speaker, I really admire—and I am not sure if it was done intentionally this way—the wisdom of the chairman and those who scheduled these two resolutions coming in tandem because I think they are both important, and I am enthusiastic about both of them. It is impossible to tell the story of the United States of America without the enormous contributions and resilience shown by those who are the descendants of slaves who were brought here to our shores against their will. I am, like many of us, the descendant of immigrants who came here willingly. Though they came here with nothing, at least they came here willingly. And of course that does not represent the entire American experience. So I think that this is an important resolution. I commend my colleague from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) as well as Senators TIMKAINE and M ARKWARNER  for their championing of it. I am proud to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, again, let me echo the wide bipartisan support in favor of this bill. I want to thank our ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS . I want to thank Mr. BOYLE for his support in championing this through with our committee. And I particularly want to thank BOBBY  SCOTT of Virginia, his representation of that area and is a pivotal voice in bringing this bill forward. I am glad to be supportive of this bill, and I would urge my colleagues to also support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4539, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b2115 GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1252) to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agriculturalled economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1252 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Global Food Security Act. The Global Food Security Act, led by Representatives SMITH and M CCOLLUM , establishes very clear priorities for and enhances the transparency of existing, yet unauthorized, food security and disaster assistance programs. What this does is it authorizes, for the first time in 30 years, International Disaster Assistance, the essential humanitarian account that provides everything from tents and sheeting to water and medicine for people afflicted by conflict and hit by natural disasters around the globe. It authorizes, for the first time, the Emergency Food Security Program, which is the flexible, efficient, and effective food aid program that helps refugees when and where they need it most so they won’t be forced to seek refuge in Europe or beyond. Finally, with an eye toward the future, it advances policies which will improve food security, stimulate economic growth, and better enable people to grow their own way out of poverty so they will no longer have to depend upon U.S. foreign assistance. It does this without increasing spending, Mr. Speaker. The legislation before us is the product of more than 3 years of careful deliberation and inclusive negotiations. The Foreign Affairs Committee has held multiple hearings on food security. We marked and reported not one, but two earlier versions, H.R. 5656 and H.R. 1567. The House passed each of these bills with broad bipartisan support. I want to thank our ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL of New York, for his assistance in all of this work. This bill, S. 1252, maintains all of the provisions the House previously approved, while filling a critical gap. By adding International Disaster Assistance and the Emergency Food Security Program, S. 1252 brings the bill full cycle and enables Congress to conduct effective oversight of the full range of international food security programs from disaster to resilience, to development, to trade. At the same time, it adds even more transparency requirements so that we can eliminate duplication and we can eliminate the waste. So I want to thank Mr. SMITH also for his leadership on this important legislation, and I urge Members to help get it to the President’s desk without further delay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. I am very proud that we are about to take our final step on the Global Food Security Act and send it to the President’s desk. I want to thank Representatives SMITH and M CCOLLUM for their hard work on this issue here in the House, as well as Senators CASEY and C ORKER for steering this effort in the other body. I also want to thank our chairman, ED ROYCE , as always, for his leadership. This is another great example of bipartisan, commonsense cooperation on foreign policy issues. Mr. Speaker, nearly 800 million people around the world live without the certainty that their families will have enough to eat. When children don’t make it to the age of 5, half the time it is because of malnutrition. That is just heartbreaking. There is more than enough food on this planet to feed everyone. The idea that so many are starving is simply unconscionable. It is also a major roadblock for countries and communities. Underfed populations are less productive and more vulnerable to disease. Without reliable access to food, it is much harder for a country to achieve stability and prosperity. So we have an interest—and a moral obligation—in trying to tackle this problem as part of our foreign policy. This bill places a special priority on foreign assistance programs that aim to reduce global poverty and hunger. It also authorizes a robust investment in the Obama administration’s signature Feed the Future initiative as well as other State Department and USAID efforts dealing with global hunger. This bill has moved forward with tremendous bipartisan support, and I am glad to cast one final vote for it today. I support this bill. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I thank Chairman ROYCE once again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), chairman of the Committee on Agriculture, for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The rule of construction under section 9 affirms that nothing in this act, or amendments made by this act, will supersede or otherwise affect the authority of a relevant Federal department or agency to carry out a number of vital international food aid programs, including Food for Peace, Food for Progress, USDA’s Local and Regional Food Aid Procurement Program, the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust Program, the McGovernDole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program, or any other emergency or nonemergency food aid program of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Is it the gentleman from California’s understanding that this rule of construction applies equally to all parts of the bill, including section 7, which authorizes an Emergency Food Security Program, or EFSP? I yield to the gentleman from California for his response. Mr. ROYCE. That is correct. The rule of construction under section 9 of the Global Food Security Act—which was carefully negotiated with the chairman of the House and Senate Committees on Agriculture, the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations—applies equally to all parts of the bill. This includes section 7, which authorizes the existing International Disaster Assistancefunded Emergency Food Security Program. Mr. CONAWAY. Reclaiming my time, is it also the gentleman’s understanding that the ‘‘notwithstanding authority’’ granted to the Emergency Food Security Program will not in any way affect the existing requirements under the Food for Peace Act, including requirements relating to the purchase and shipment of U.S. agriculture commodities under this act? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ROYCE. Correct. The committee has conferred with the Government Accountability Office and received its confirmation that ‘‘notwithstanding authority’’ cannot migrate to other provisions of law. For example, funds provided to carry out the Food for Peace Act are subject 
to the requirements of the Food for Peace Act and funds provided to carry out the International Disaster Assistance/Emergency Food Security Program are subject to the requirements of the Foreign Assistance Act. Neither the funds nor the authorities for these programs are interchangeable. Mr. CONAWAY. Reclaiming my time, does the committee chairman agree that the Food for Peace program, which is wholly separate from the bill we are debating on the floor today, is vital to U.S. efforts to respond to emergencies and alleviate global hunger? Does the gentleman also agree that the provision of U.S. agriculture commodities through the Food for Peace program has saved millions of lives, and that the U.S. agriculture commodities must remain a significant part of U.S. international food aid programs? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ROYCE. Yes. Through the Food for Peace program, the United States has reached more than a billion people around the globe in times of need, reducing poverty and improving food security in the process. American farmers are rightfully proud of this legacy. Unfortunately, evergrowing world crises have stressed our international food aid, leading us to look to new approaches that will help us stretch our food aid dollars further and, ultimately, save more lives. The Global Food Security Act authorizes one of these approaches—the International Disaster Assistance/ Emergency Food Security Program—to provide electronic transfers, vouchers, and locally procured food to help desperate people meet their needs in the wake of disasters or war. This program is meant to complement, not replace, timetested approaches to delivering food aid, including the Food for Peace program. Like the gentleman from Texas, I have had an opportunity to see how the Emergency Food Security Program works in places like Jordan, where humanitarian organizations are working to meet the needs of Syrian refugees. While the world may be changing rapidly, one thing will never change: the American farmer will always play a significant role in promoting food security at home and abroad. U.S. agricultural commodities will always be in demand and will always remain a part of the Food for Peace program. While the two of us may differ on the specific degree to which they should be, I have no doubt that this principle will be reflected in the next farm bill. In the meantime, I would like to thank the gentleman from Texas for his continued leadership on this issue, including his efforts to ensure that the vast expertise and experience of the U.S. agriculture community will be fully leveraged through the Global Food Security Act. I look forward to continuing our close collaboration on these important matters, and I appreciate his support for this important legislation. Mr. CONAWAY. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate the gentleman from California for his continued work on this important matter, particularly his recognition of the crucial role that the Agriculture Committee must play in any global food security strategy. As he rightly points out, programs like EFSP should be used in tandem with the timetested Food for Peace program. It should not serve as a step towards eliminating the donation of U.S. commodities abroad. I look forward to closely monitoring the progress of this strategy and developing a better understanding of how our foreign assistance dollars are being used. I thank the gentleman for his extended colloquy and patience with the Committee on Agriculture’s concerns with the bill. I thank him for that consideration and I look forward to supporting this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am reminded of the proverb, ‘‘If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day. If you teach a man to fish, you feed him for the rest of his life.’’ That is the aim of our food assistance efforts. We want to help populations to feed themselves. We want to get at the root causes of poverty and malnutrition. We want to help build strong, sustainable communities that contribute to stability and prosperity in their countries, across regions, and around the world. We need to invest in the initiatives that have made a difference. That is what we are doing here by authorizing strong support for Feed the Future and working to ramp up other foreign assistance efforts focusing on food aid. This is a good bill. This is Congress at its best. This is bipartisanship at its best. I am glad we are sending it to the President’s desk. This was done, really, as a collaborative effort by both sides of the aisle. I thank my colleagues again for their good work on this, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the link between conflict and hunger is undeniable. Mr. ENGEL and I recently traveled to Sub Saharan Africa to a droughtstricken region, Ethiopia, where more than 10.2 million people are on the verge of what I would designate as ‘‘starvation,’’ yet no one really used that word or used the word ‘‘famine’’ because of the concern that it might provoke a coup. b2130 But the reality is that this is the situation on the ground. And at the same time, massive humanitarian disasters in Syria and Yemen, in South Sudan, have sparked these massive refugee flows. They threaten regional security. All told, there are currently 800 million people suffering from chronic hunger, and over 60 million people displaced by conflict, who desperately need our help. It is in our national security and economic interest to help address these needs, to meet humanitarian needs while supporting the growth of healthier, more stable societies through costeffective programs that promote agricultureled economic growth, that open markets for U.S. investment and trade, that promote food and nutrition security, and, ultimately, that break the cycle of dependence on aid. The Global Food Security Act can help. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1252. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FOREIGN AID TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 3766) to direct the President to establish guidelines for United States foreign development and economic assistance programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 3766, the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act, and I would like to thank Judge TEDPOE, chairman of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, for his years of dedication to this important issue. Effective U.S. foreign assistance can help advance the diplomatic, economic, and national security interests of the United States, and it can help support the growth of healthier, more stable societies. It can provide alternatives to extremism. It can combat global health threats, foster selfsufficiency, and open new markets to U.S. trade and investment. But it can also be wasted, as it has many times, and that is why making U.S. foreign assistance as efficient and effective as possible has been a central focus of the Foreign Affairs Committee. This is no easy task. There are more than 20 Federal departments and agencies delivering food aid. Too many of them do not share our interest in transparency, accountability, and results. Too often, the importance of an agency is measured by the amount of resources it controls and not by its positive impact. Unfortunately, the success of initiatives are too often measured by ‘‘things delivered,’’ like bed nets, instead of ‘‘program outcomes,’’ like malaria infections averted and lives saved. As long as our foreign aid agencies and organizations are allowed to operate beyond scrutiny, nothing will change. Congress needs the tools to break down these barriers to effective aid. We need to help U.S. foreign aid agencies and organizations improve coordination, identify duplication, eliminate waste, and learn from experience, and this bill will help. The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act will establish tough standards for monitoring and evaluation. It will ensure that many Federal departments and agencies that implement these programs, all of them, coordinate, rather than duplicate, their efforts and then apply the lessons learned. And it will require these agencies to publish foreign assistance data on a consolidated Web site so we can better track investments against results. This bill is the result of years of consultation and collaboration between Congress, experts, and advocates, and I want to again thank Judge POEas well as Representative CONNOLLY for their steadfast work and leadership in bringing this important measure before us today. I also thank our ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL of New York. I would urge Members to support this bill and get it to the President’s desk without further delay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. I want to again thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I want to thank my colleagues who have worked so hard on this bill, Mr. POEof Texas and Mr. CONNOLLY of Virginia. We marked up this bill in the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the House approved it last winter. The Senate sent it back to us with a few changes, and now I am pleased that we are taking a final vote on this measure before we send it to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I view foreign assistance as one of our most important foreign policy tools. Whether we are helping a community build a school and train teachers, helping a country improve its power grid, or making it easier for farmers to irrigate their fields and families to get clean water, foreign assistance shows the rest of the world that the United States is eager to be a friend and eager to be a partner. And partnership is good for us as well. Of course, foreign assistance isn’t about handouts. It is about helping build capacity and capabilities. We want to see countries become vibrant and productive. We want to see societies become strong and prosperous. Stronger partners around the world mean better lives for the people in those countries and greater stability and security for their neighbors and regions and, of course, a greater partnership with the United States of America. That is important to us as well as to the nations we are helping. At its best, foreign assistance is like planting a seed, nurturing it, and seeing it grow into something strong and selfsufficient. If we are doing it right, it will give us a tremendous bang for our buck. Foreign policy, foreign assistance is less than 1 percent of the total American budget. Although people think it is 15 percent or even more, it is less than 1 percent. But we don’t have a lot to work with because our foreign assistance represents that 1 percent, just a small sliver of the Federal budget, so we need to know that these investments are being put to the best use. We need to take a hard look at the results in order to cut away dead wood and focus on the efforts that are giving us the best outcomes. The administration has already taken tremendous steps to provide accountability and transparency in our foreign assistance programs. This bill would write many of those steps into law and build on them, requiring measurable goals for foreign aid and requiring strong plans for monitoring and evaluation. We need to see just what a difference our foreign assistance is making and get a better understanding of the way foreign assistance programs tie into our own national security interests, and they do. We have national security concerns, and foreign aid is one way of addressing those concerns. So I am glad to support this measure. I am grateful for the hard work of Mr. POE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Chairman ROYCE . Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again want to thank my colleagues for their work on this measure, and I am pleased that we are getting near the finish line. Let me just say that, as ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I often hear the question: Why are we sending tax dollars overseas when we have our share of problems here at home? It is a fair question, but there are good answers. The United States isn’t an island. Our stability and security are tied to those countries around the world. We see where threats emerge. Often they emerge in places where there is a lack of opportunity, poor access to education, weak justice systems, poor governance. When we send assistance overseas, we are not just putting cash in people’s pockets willynilly. We are targeting these areas that we know are tied to making countries more stable. We are looking at the root causes of instability and helping countries overcome those challenges so, hopefully, they can thrive on their own. But we need to make sure we are using these limited dollars efficiently 
and effectively. The administration has taken the groundbreaking measures to track and publicize the effectiveness of our foreign assistance programs. This bill will make those efforts stronger. It will help us and all the American people know exactly what our foreign assistance investments are paying for and that they are paying dividends in the long run. I want to again stress the partnership because it is a fair question to say: Well, we have pressing needs here at home. Why are we sending money abroad? We look at the instability of the world. We see terrorism. We see what is happening. The United States has a stake in having partners all around the world. The United States has a stake in making conditions better for people all around the world so that radicalism isn’t appealing. People can understand that what we have to offer is just so much better. This partnership is important. This bill sustains that partnership, so I am glad to support the bill. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I thank Chairman ROYCE . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Smart investments and development can help support growth of healthier, more stable societies, open markets that can generate consumers of U.S. goods. It can create opportunities for people there and for U.S. businesses to grow. But unwise investments can have the exact opposite effect. This bill will give us the tools we need to make our foreign aid programs more smart and wise, and I strongly support this bill. I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Senate Amendment to the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2016 (H.R. 3766). I want to thank my friend, Judge TEDPOE of Texas, for working with me to introduce and advance this bill. I also want to thank Chairman EDROYCE  and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL of the House Foreign Affairs Committee for previously marking up this measure in Committee and bringing it to the Floor today. And finally, I want to thank our colleagues in the Senate, including Senators CARDIN , RUBIO, and LEAHY for working with us to strengthen the bill and shepherd it through the Senate. The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act is a project that I have worked on with Judge POEfor several years now, and in December 2015 this bill passed in the House by voice vote. The bill directs the President to establish monitoring and evaluation or M&E guidelines for the federal agencies charged with implementing foreign assistance programs abroad. The guidelines will require M&E plans as part of the project development process, and agencies will be encouraged to incorporate the findings of project evaluations and impact studies into subsequent foreign assistance programs. This feedback loop will include measurable goals, performance metrics, and a clearing house for lessons learned on U.S.led aid projects. Additionally, the legislation requires that the documents and reports created under this M&E regime be made available to the public on foreignassistance.gov. This administration has developed an encouraging record on foreign aid transparency. The Foreign Assistance Dashboard created in 2010 demonstrated a promising inclination towards disclosure that we should hope to enshrine in law. This measure will strengthen and codify those transparency best practices to ensure that they exist as agency policy under future Administrations that might not be as accommodating of the aid community’s demand for this information. Aid programs that are held accountable for their performance and results can be made more effective, and their impact on communities and countries abroad can be more easily demonstrated. Perhaps with more information, we can dispel the commonly held belief that 26 percent of the federal budget is spent on foreign aid when the actual amount is less than 1 percent. I am hopeful that this bill will help foreign assistance operations become more focused and efficacious. It is time to apply a data driven approach to constructing an assistance operation that has the support of Congress and a wellinformed public. We cannot ignore the increasingly important role diplomacy and development play in meeting our most pressing security challenges and demonstrating American leadership in global affairs. It is an act of political malpractice that this vital part of the federal budget is so misunderstood and that the direct link between our national security and stability and prosperity abroad is so underappreciated. I urge my colleagues to join the Modernizing Foreign Assistance Network, the Professional Services Council, the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, and several other wellregarded members of the foreign assistance community in supporting this bipartisan legislation and foster greater understanding of our vital investments abroad. I would like to close by thanking, once again, Judge POEfor his leadership on the issue of foreign aid effectiveness. I think his advocacy is motivated by a shared belief that our foreign assistance dollars have the potential to create a path to prosperity in the most poverty stricken areas of the world, and nurture the promise of democracy in the face of even the most repressive authoritarian regimes. I look forward to working with Judge POEto ensure that those common goals are advanced by the implementation of this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 3766. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
BRAGGING ON SIMONE MANUEL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, Members of Congress love to brag. Texans like me brag the most. Today, I am going to brag about a young lady from my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas. She is a Bulldog from Austin High School. Her name is Simone Manuel. If you don’t know that name today, you will after this summer’s Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. Simone swims fast, really fast, wateronfire fast. In fact, she recently swam so fast she is swimming in three events at the Olympics: the 50meter freestyle, the 100meter freestyle, and the 4by100meter freestyle relay. Texas women love precious metal. They are okay with bronze, they like silver, and they love gold. Good luck, Simone. Bring home some precious metal to Sugar Land, Texas. Sugar Land loves you. 
ROULETTE TOWNSHIP BICENTENNIAL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 200th anniversary of the founding of Roulette Township, Potter County. The township was founded on January 29, 1816, in honor of John Sigmund Roulet. Roulet was an associate of John Keating, one of the original settlers of Potter County. Today, the community’s name is spelled a bit differently due to an early error by the Post Office Department. Today, the township is home to more than 1,300 people. Later this week, members of the community will kick off a 2day celebration, starting on Friday, in honor of the township’s bicentennial and its history. The celebration will start with a 5K walk for the fight against domestic violence, and it will continue with an ice cream social and bingo. On Saturday, a prayer service is planned, followed by a barbecue, with a parade planned for Saturday afternoon. A hymn sing is planned for Sunday, along with a ‘‘Walk Down Memory Lane,’’ with signs placed highlighting the long history of Roulette Township. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to see the residents of Roulette Township honoring their history with this week’s celebration, making sure that the region’s past is not forgotten. 
b2145 GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, we know that ISIS and other terror groups are trying to manipulate, exploit, and radicalize vulnerable Americans to commit acts of terror. An al Qaeda spokesman called for violence saying: ‘‘America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms. You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle, without a background check, and most likely without having to show an identification card. So what are you waiting for?’’ Our law enforcement, Mr. Speaker, needs the tools to stop an attack. Unfortunately, the proposal to be offered by the Republican majority this week will actively hinder investigations. It will make it easier for terrorists to evade capture, and it will make America more vulnerable to attack. I have spoken with the FBI Director. He knows the current law prevents law enforcement from blocking a gun purchase by suspected terrorists. This loophole will certainly lead to tragedy. It is only a matter of time. We must act now. The terrorists who attacked us on 9/11 used planes. In response, we barred suspected terrorists from flying. Now terrorists are attempting to exploit our weak gun laws. Let’s make the laws stronger. Let’s stop the next attack before it happens and before it is too late. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for half of the remaining time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago on this floor, the Democrats said: We want a vote. We want a vote on a bill that would prohibit terrorists who are on the nofly list from being able to buy a gun and explosives, and we want a vote on comprehensive background checks. So we sat down and created a bit of confusion and maybe even some anger. I am pleased that the Speaker has decided that maybe there will be some piece of legislation, a piece of legislation, H.R. 5611. Unfortunately, it doesn’t even come close to solving the problem and probably makes it worse. It is written in such a way that it is virtually unenforceable, will guarantee that terrorists will be given a headsup that they are being looked at and investigated by the FBI, and it puts the courts in an impossible situation where they have to find probable cause that there is a terrorist out there who has done something bad or is likely to do something bad, in which case just go arrest them. You don’t need to do more than that. You already have probable cause. Arrest them. The bill is a nonstarter, so we are not going to go away. We are going to stay at this until we have decent legislation. There are two pieces: a bill by Mr. KINGof New York, a Republican, and the same, coauthored by Mr. THOMPSON  of California, that would expand the background checks, which is absolutely essential; and also one that provides for no fly, no buy. We would like to have a vote on the bills. Put them on the floor, Mr. Speaker. You can do this. Put your bill on the floor, put our two bills on the floor, and let us, the 435 Representatives, speak to this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative GARAMENDI for his consistent, persistent leadership in these Special Orders to put forth issues of concern to the American people. Right now, we are talking about saving lives. We are talking about responsible background checks on gun purchases as well no fly, no buy. If you are on the terrorist list, if you can’t fly, then you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. What is so difficult about that for our Republican majority to understand? Actually, on the background check legislation, we are talking about expanding the background check bill that already exists to include Internet sales, something relatively new—not new compared to when we passed the bill in the middle nineties—and we are talking about gun shows. This would save lives to have background checks on everyone who is there to purchase a gun. Eightyfive percent of the American people support responsible legislation for background checks, which is what we are proposing, and 90 percent support no fly, no buy. The only place where there is an obstacle to this reasonable commonsense legislation is on the floor of the House of Representatives. I am so proud of our Members led by JOHN LEWIS 2 weeks ago, tomorrow, who led the sitin on the floor of the House. It was remarkable, and it generated interest throughout the world— over 2 billion impressions from what went out from the floor of this House— something remarkable, something appropriate for the people’s House. Then, following that, for this to go on for 25 hours and then to continue over the weeks when we were in recess into our districts, to have the beat go on. Now we are back, and the beat will continue to go on. I think if there is one message of hope that JOHNLEWIS gave all of us, it is that we are not going away until the job is done. So, respectfully, I ask our Speaker of the House to give us a vote, to enable us to show the support that commonsense, sensible gun safety legislation has in this House. I believe that, if given the opportunity, this House would support that legislation. Maybe that is why it will not be brought up. But I will also associate myself with the concerns expressed by Mr. GARAMENDI about a bill, the Cornyn bill. I think it has a new name in the House. It is the gun lobby bill—the gun lobby bill—the NRA bill. It is not a gun safety bill. It is an excuse for not doing something really effective and sensible. So you will be seeing the stories of the people and the families affected, the most eloquent stories of all, their stories of their loss, and they are channeling their grief to make sure it doesn’t happen to other families. What a beautiful sense of community. We thank JOHN LEWIS for being the unifier in all of that, and we thank all of our Members for their participation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the minority leader. I am delighted to have the gentlewoman’s leadership on this issue. It is profoundly important. I understand tomorrow, at 10 o’clock, 91 people will be outside, together with many members of our caucus, to demonstrate that each day 91 people are killed by guns here in the United States. So we have work to do. It is very simple. All we are asking for is a vote on a no fly, no buy bill that actually works—not the Cornyn bill, not the Republican bill, but one that actually works, put together by Mr. KINGof New York and Mr. THOMPSON of California—and also a bill that deals with expanding the background check. Put them on the floor, Mr. Speaker. And one more, I promise, Mr. Speaker, we are not going to go away until the American public has the safe gun measures written into law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
DEL LATTA, A DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening in honor of Delbert Latta, who served in this body for 30 years and who sadly passed away in Bowling Green, Ohio, on May 12. Del lived a full and productive 96 years, and he used that time very wisely. While I never had the privilege of 
serving with him here in this House, I think we all have felt the impact of the time that he spent here in Congress. Del Latta was a lot of things. He was an attorney, teacher, a leader, a competitive boxer in his youth, and a loving husband, father, grandfather, and greatgrandfather. Perhaps most of all, though, he was dedicated to serving the people of the Fifth District of Ohio, and he kept in touch with them on a very regular basis. He drove home every week. He was with his family. He was very much a family man. Congressman Latta, also known as Del, attended Findlay College before graduating from Ohio Northern University in 1943. While in school, he served in the Ohio National Guard, the United States Army, and in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserves. Del was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1944, and began practicing law as well as teaching at his alma mater, Ohio Northern University. After several years in private practice, Congressman Latta was called to service again when he was elected to the Ohio senate in 1952. He would serve in the senate until 1958, when he was elected to the United States Congress. He did many things here. Probably the most significant thing was when he was ranking member of the Budget Committee, he accomplished, really, his crowning achievement at that time, which was the enactment of President Ronald Reagan’s economic recovery plan. As those around in the late 1970s and early 1980s will recall, the Nation was mired in an economic morass when Ronald Reagan was elected. Stagflation, a combination of high employment and high inflation, had crippled our economy. President Reagan knew that the only way to escape this situation was to stimulate, through the private sector, economic growth. To achieve this, he proposed a combination of tax cuts and spending reductions, which would come to be known as supplyside economics. At first, many in Congress were skeptical of the plan, but Congressman Del Latta saw the promise that the idea held. So he began working with his colleagues from both sides of the aisle to draft legislation to build support for the plan. In addition to Del Latta, the other central player in the effort was Congressman Phil Gramm, then a Democratic Representative from Texas. Together, they would introduce two pieces of legislation to enact Ronald Reagan’s economic plan: the 1981 GrammLatta budget and the Gramm Latta Omnibus Reconciliation Act. A great deal of credit for that bipartisan support is due to the efforts of Congressman Del Latta. Del had great respect for his colleagues in the House and got along with people of every political persuasion. As a result, he was liked and respected by his colleagues on both sides of the aisle, making Latta the ideal person to build a consensus for President Reagan’s economic package, which turned this economy around and this country around for the better. Latta and Gramm worked hard to build that consensus, and President Reagan’s economic plan may not have been enacted if not for their efforts. They sometimes say ‘‘the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree,’’ and I think that is the case with the next speaker here this evening, and that is his son, Congressman BOBLATTA , who also goes home every week, works his district extremely hard, stays very much in touch, and I think also very important, he is respected by the people in this institution, again, on both sides of the aisle. He truly is one that people take him at his word. Mr. Speaker, how much time do we have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) has 21⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Congressman LATTA . Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and also for having this Special Order tonight. We heard Dad’s time down here as 30 years, and I must have to also mention that was 30 years in the minority. He never served 1 day in the majority the whole time he was here. When he was elected in 1958, he served on the Ag Committee, and then went to the Rules Committee. In 1974, Gerald Ford put him on the Judiciary Committee during Watergate, a committee he did not want to serve on, but then he went on to serve as the ranking member on the Budget Committee until his retirement along with being on the Rules Committee. If I could just in the remaining time talk a little about Dad because a lot of people know about his work here, but also I think it is important to know that he was one of those they call the greatest generation. His younger brother, Lester Latta, was asked by his son what it was like when they were growing up, and my uncle had said that they didn’t have much, but there were a lot of other people they knew that didn’t have as much as they did. He grew up in a small town in McComb, Ohio, which had 1,600 people, which it is today. My grandfather was a barber, sold insurance, and was an auctioneer. He did anything he could to keep six kids going during the Depression. My grandmother wallpapered and did everything else and raised a family. Dad was the first to graduate from high school in his family, the first to even go to college. The thought of going to college back then was something that most people never thought about. Growing up, he knew the value of hard work. He would mow yards for 15 cents, caddied 18 holes for 25 cents, shoveled snow off the township roads with his brothers and his father, unloaded coal cars with a shovel, hauled corncobs, worked on construction crews building one of the high schools in Findlay, blocked beets, cut down trees with a crosscut saw for Rural Electric, sold shoes on commission for 5 percent, and he was also a prizefighter when he was younger. But Dad always knew what the value of an education was. He also knew what hard work was. One of Dad’s crowning achievements, and he was always very proud of it, at Bowling Green State University there was a scholarship that is still there, and 174 students have received this scholarship. One of the things my dad always told my sister and me was to always remember that you never want to think that you shouldn’t have much education, because one thing in life they can’t take away from you is your education, so get as much as you want. One of the things I always mention about here, and I would like to close on this, Dad always told me that this is not a profession my dad told me to get into, but I learned from him. Two of the sayings were that you want to remember when you go into public service, you go in with nothing and you should come out with nothing. He also said: Always remember in life it is not the big things you do for people, it is little things, because people expect the big things, not the little things. So I think that that is the memory that Dad had not only here, but also in the district. After Dad’s passing I had people coming up to me telling what my dad did for them over 50 years ago for some problem that they were having. But Dad always said to always remember that there is a big difference between a politician and a public servant. A politician sees how much they can take from the people they represent, while a public servant sees how much they can give back. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) very much for having this Special Order. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today I join my colleagues to pay tribute to former Ohio Congressman Delbert Latta. While I did not have the opportunity to serve with ‘‘Del’’—as he was known—I am pleased to serve in the Ohio Delegation with his son, Congressman BOBLATTA, who represents his father’s former District—Ohio’s Fifth District. And I know that Del would be proud of his son’s record here in the House of Representatives. While many Members here tonight have or will mention Del’s achievements, given his tenure in the House, his accomplishments are certainly worth repeating. Del served our nation proudly as a member of the Ohio National Guard and the U.S. Army from 1938 to 1941 and in the Marine Corps Reserve from 1942 to 1943. However, his service to the great state of Ohio and our nation did not end with his military career. After serving in the Army and Marine Corps Reserve, Del received his undergraduate and law degrees from Ohio Northern University, and was elected to the Ohio Senate in 1952. 
Six years later, in 1958, he was elected to the House of Representatives and served in the people’s House for 15 terms before retiring in 1988. During his tenure in the House, he served as the dean of the Ohio Congressional delegation as well as the top Republican on the House Budget Committee. During the Watergate hearings, he was appointed to the House Judiciary Committee. Outside of the Halls in Congress, Del was a devoted father and husband, and he is survived by his wife, Rose Mary, his two children, five grandchildren, and three greatgrandchildren. From his record, surely he will be missed by many at home, in Ohio, and in Washington. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, this evening I would like to honor a great Ohioan, former Congressman Del Latta. Mr. Latta served northwest Ohio from 1959 to 1989. During his thirtyyear career he found himself at the center of history as he sat on the Judiciary Committee in 1974 during the Watergate scandal. He also helped President Ronald Reagan cut the federal budget and fought for a robust defense budget. Mr. Latta bravely served in the Army and Marine Corps Reserves before serving in Congress. He will be remembered for his unwavering service to his country and the great state of Ohio. Mr. Latta is a true statesman and his legacy will be remembered for years to come. I continue to send my condolences to Congressman Bob Latta and his family. 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
April 29, 2016: H.R. 1670. An Act to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. H.R. 2722. An Act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. May 9, 2016: H.R. 1493. An Act to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. H.R. 2908. An Act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. May 20, 2016: H.R. 4238. An Act to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities. H.R. 4336. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. H.R. 4923. An Act to establish a process for the submission and consideration of petitions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes. H.R. 4957. An Act to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. June 3, 2016: H.R. 2814. An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased out patient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. June 13, 2016: H.R. 136. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’. H.R. 433. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 1132. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2458. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2928. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. H.R. 3082. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3274. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’. H.R. 3601. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3735. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 3866. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4046. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. H.R. 4605. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’. June 22, 2016: H.R. 812. An Act to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes. H.R. 1762. An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’. H.R. 2137. An Act to ensure Federal law enforcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their families, during a covered furlough. H.R. 2212. An Act to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes. H.R. 2576. An Act to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes. June 30, 2016: H.R. 3209. An Act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the disclosure of certain tax return information for the purpose of missing or exploited children investigations. SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
April 11, 2016: S. 1180. An Act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. April 19, 2016: S. 192. An Act to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. S. 483. An Act to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes. S. 2512. An Act to expand the tropical disease product priority review voucher program to encourage treatments for Zika virus. April 29, 2016: S. 719. An Act to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. S. 1638. An Act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress information on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region, and for other purposes. May 11, 2016: S. 1890. An Act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. May 16, 2016: S. 32. An Act to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. S. 125. An Act to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. S. 2755. An Act to provide Capitolflown flags to the immediate family of firefighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. May 20, 2016: S. 1492. An Act to direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska. S. 1523. An Act to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes. S. 2143. An Act to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes. June 3, 2016: S. 184. An Act to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. June 22, 2016: S. 2276. An Act to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other purposes. June 30, 2016: S. 337. An Act to improve the Freedom of Information Act. 
S. 2133. An Act to improve Federal agency financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments. S. 2328. An Act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. S. 2487. An Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. HUDSON (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a family medical emergency. Mr. MARINO (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of medical reasons. Mr. NUGENT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of illness. Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through July 8. Mr. NADLER (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 29, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3114. To provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 6, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 210. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt student workers for purposes of determining a higher education institution’s employer health care shared responsibility; with an amendment (Rept. 114–655). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3080. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exception to the employer health insurance mandate for Indian tribal governments and tribally owned businesses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–656). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3590. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care; with an amendment (Rept. 114–657). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3734. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to provide support to mining schools, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 658). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4538. A bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–659). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4854. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company; with an amendment (Rept. 114–660). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4855. A bill to amend provisions in the securities laws relating to regulation crowdfunding to raise the dollar amount limit and to clarify certain requirements and exclusions for funding portals established by such Act; with an amendment (Rept. 114–661). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5385. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical corrections to the requirement that the Secretary of Homeland Security submit quadrennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–662). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 4511. A bill to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collection of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war (Rept. 114–663). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 4733. A bill to permit the United States Capitol Police to accept certain property from other Federal agencies and to dispose of certain property in its possession (Rept. 114–664). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 4734. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to permit candidates for election for Federal office to designate an individual who will be authorized to disburse funds of the authorized campaign committees of the candidate in the event of the death of the candidate (Rept. 114–665). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 803. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–666). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself and Mr. ASHFORD ): H.R. 5619. A bill to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of another person, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5620. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H.R. 5621. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during WWII; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5622. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to give borrowers an option to extend the grace period prior to the beginning of the repayment period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 5623. A bill to authorize the award of the Distinguished Service Cross to Chaplain (First Lieutenant) Joseph Verbis LaFleur for acts of valor during World War II; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself and Ms. MCCOLLUM ): H.R. 5624. A bill to require the Secretary of State to take such actions as may be necessary for the United States to rejoin the 
Bureau of International Expositions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. HURD of Texas, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. ISSA, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H.R. 5625. A bill to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. GUTHRIE ): H.R. 5626. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to eliminate the requirement for 3 months of retroactive coverage under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RIBBLE: H.R. 5627. A bill to adopt the monarch butterfly as the national butterfly of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. OLSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.J. Res. 96. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to prohibit the President from making recess appointments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. KILMER , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. QUIGLEY , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, and Mr. W ELCH ): H. Con. Res. 140. Concurrent resolution providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a presentation from the Comptroller General of the United States regarding the audited financial statement of the Executive branch; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. KELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. HARPER ): H. Res. 802. A resolution recognizing the historical significance and the 50th anniversary of the ‘‘James H. Meredith March Against Fear’’, a 220mile walk down Highway 51 from Memphis, Tennessee, to Jackson, Mississippi; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BERA (for himself, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. LEE): H. Res. 804. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to allow independent, nongovernment television cameras to broadcast House floor proceedings; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Ms. LEE, and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ): H. Res. 805. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Latino AIDS Awareness Day’’ on October 15, 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. MOULTON ): H. Res. 806. A resolution expressing condolences for the killing of the British Member of Parliament (MP) Jo Cox; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. YOUNG  of Alaska, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. B ROWN  of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. PEARCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. COLE): H. Res. 807. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 5, 2017, as ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5619. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5620. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5621. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5622. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 5623. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 of the U.S. Constitution: ‘‘To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces’’ By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 5624. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the authority to: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 5625. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5626. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RIBBLE: H.R. 5627. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: No section of Article I of the Constitution prohibits Congress from honoring flora and fauna of the United States. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.J. Res. 96. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V of the United States Constitution grants Congress the authority, ‘‘whenever both Houses shall deem it necessary,’’ to propose Amendments to the Constitution. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 292: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. H.R. 378: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 391: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 508: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 546: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. J OYCE , and Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 556: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 581: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 605: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 649: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 711: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 916: Ms. GRAHAM and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 921: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. SANFORD , Mr. N UNES , Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. R OYCE . H.R. 1002: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 1055: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 1076: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1111: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 1112: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 1114: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 1147: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1192: Mr. VELA, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 1220: Ms. GRANGER and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 1284: Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. HONDA , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1380: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 1449: Mr. FARR, Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 1516: Mr. NEALand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1519: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1559: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1603: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1653: Mr. KINDand Mr. M CDERMOTT . H.R. 1713: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1904: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1905: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 2014: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2114: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 2151: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 2205: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2254: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2285: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2311: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 2315: Mr. SALMON . H.R. 2342: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2404: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 2446: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 2610: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2624: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2646: Mr. HARDY and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2656: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2698: Mr. KLINE. H.R. 2846: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 2903: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 2963: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 2972: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3014: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 3051: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3229: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 3268: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 3337: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3339: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 3355: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. C OURT NEY. H.R. 3381: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. BASS, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3411: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3445: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3520: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 3535: Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Ms. TSONGAS . 
H.R. 3637: Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 3706: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia. H.R. 3720: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3742: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3815: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 3846: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 3870: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3926: Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, and Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 3929: Mr. LYNCH , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. TITUS, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. CALVERT , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. ALLEN , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. LANCE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. HILL, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. JORDAN , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. R OGERSof Kentucky, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. Y OUNG  of Indiana, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3952: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 4043: Ms. NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. DAVIS of California, and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 4114: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4118: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4137: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4164: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 4223: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 4247: Mr. BARRand Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4298: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4381: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 4422: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4435: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4474: Mr. COSTA and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4481: Mr. VANHOLLEN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. K EATING , Mr. A SHFORD , and Ms. BROWN of Florida. H.R. 4488: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 4514: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. REED, Mr. M ICA, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4531: Ms. BORDALLO and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 4538: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4559: Mr. PITTS. H.R. 4567: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4584: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4640: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. KIND, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4665: Mr. JOLLY and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4695: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4715: Mr. TIBERI , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 4740: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 4764: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 4773: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. M ICA, and Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4817: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ECK of Washington, and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 4828: Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. HARPER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 4869: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 4893: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4907: Mr. ROUZER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4922: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4927: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4938: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4941: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4979: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 4980: Mr. KLINE, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 5001: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 5007: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5021: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 5025: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5062: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 5073: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 5090: Mr. GUINTA , Mr. H ECKof Wash ington, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5094: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5124: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5143: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 5166: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Mr. HURDof Texas. H.R. 5167: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 5171: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 5180: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. Z INKE. H.R. 5182: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. SIRES, Mr. D UFFY , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5204: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 5207: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 5210: Mr. GRIFFITH and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5230: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 5232: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5235: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Ms. LEE. H.R. 5256: Mr. HIGGINS and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5265: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 5292: Mr. BARR, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. KEATING , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 5319: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 5332: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. V ANHOLLEN. H.R. 5341: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 5344: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5355: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 5369: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 5392: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 5413: Mr. BARR. H.R. 5457: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5465: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5474: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5489: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. ESTY, and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 5500: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 5506: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. VELA. H.R. 5513: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5523: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5528: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5534: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5544: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 5560: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5592: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5605: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5608: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 5617: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. QUIGLEY . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 28: Mr. SARBANES , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. TSONGAS . H. Res. 112: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 445: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 473: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 584: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H. Res. 590: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H. Res. 617: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Res. 631: Mr. ENGEL . H. Res. 642: Mr. LAMBORN . H. Res. 686: Mr. KILDEE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H. Res. 694: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 695: Mr. CLAY. H. Res. 740: Mr. WENSTRUP and Ms. K APTUR . H. Res. 750: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. D IAZ BALART . H. Res. 782: Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 786: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. MCDERMOTT . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFICERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on the Judiciary in H.R. 5611 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. MCCAUL The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 5611 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. ROYCE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in H.R. 5611 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative Palmer, or a designee, to H.R. 4361, the Federal Information Systems Safeguards Act of 2016 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4775 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 5, 2016 No. 107 
The Senate met at 9 and 2 seconds a.m., and was called to order by the Honorable CORY GARDNER , a Senator from the State of Colorado. 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 