Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my constituents’ demand that Congress act to prevent gun violence. Following yet another devastating shooting, the House has spent more than its share of moments engaged in contemplation. We have had plenty of times to pause and reflect. We have had more than enough moments of silence. The time to be silent has passed. Now it is time to act. My colleagues and I held a sitin here on this House floor 3 weeks ago to demand a vote on solutions to gun violence. We were not engaging in some kind of stunt. We were not seeking publicity. We were speaking for the American people who have simply had enough. They have had enough gun violence, they have had enough moments of silence, and they have had enough carnage and devastation. The Orlando shooting was the latest in a seemingly endless series of horrific mass shootings that have shocked us all, all of which we agree in hindsight were committed by people who should not have had access to a gun. The individual in Orlando had committed horrible acts of violence against his ex wife. He exhibited such derangement and rage that he frightened classmates and coworkers. He was even investigated as a potential terrorist by the FBI. He was, in nearly every respect, the very last person we would want to be able to have a gun, walk into a gun store and legally purchase an assault weapon, a Glock, and a massive amount of ammunition. He did not violate any laws in the purchase of these weapons because the laws we have are not good enough. Doing nothing is not rational. It is madness, it is folly, and it is wrong. Mr. Speaker, the American people expect and deserve real action, not toothless half measures engineered to silence the people trying to solve this problem. Please, no more games and no more inaction. Just give us a vote on real reform. Last night, in the middle of the night, I found myself wondering why doesn’t the Republican leadership let us have the vote on no fly, no buy and on expanded background checks? After all, House Republicans have 247 votes; House Democrats, only 188; and not every Democrat might even vote for these bills. With the 59Member majority, the Republican progun position would certainly prevail. Or would it? How many moderate Republicans in swing districts might actually vote against their constituents’ desires or vote for their constituents’ desires? We cited polls again and again that 85 percent of Americans don’t want people on the terrorist watch list to be able to buy guns, and 90 percent of U.S. citizens want to close the background check loopholes. This is what political scientists call a tough vote. Vote for your constituents and you are in trouble with the NRA. Vote your conscience and you are in big trouble with the Republican leadership. And if you toe the NRA line, the most extreme position, you can be sure your Democratic proponent will let all voters know this fall that you voted with the terrorists. Yes, a tough vote. Do what is right and moral and sensible and just, and you are in political trouble. Do what PAULRYAN and the NRA want you to do and you are in political trouble. This is why the Republican leadership will do anything they can to keep from having a House vote on these issues. But isn’t this why we are here? To make the tough votes? To follow our conscience? To do what is right, damn the political consequences? At the very end of our careers, will the poets write verses about the thousands of easy votes we cast? Neither party has a monopoly on wisdom or truth, but let’s have the debate. Let our people argue and persuade and vote and be brave enough to live with the choices we make. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I take the floor today to continue the discussion that we started in this House about gun violence. Something extraordinary took place here in the House of Representatives. 
We had Members on this side of the aisle, Democrats, who came to the floor and who sat on the floor in the well of the House. That was extraordinary. No one has ever seen this happen before. Why did this take place? How is it you can get every group in the Democratic Party to basically join in an action that had never taken place before? What am I talking about? I am talking about the Women’s Caucus, the Black Caucus, the Progressive Caucus. I am talking about New Democrats. I am talking about all of those in our Democratic Party who do not always agree with each other. We work at it, but we have serious and credible disagreements. However, you did not hear any denouncement from any of our Democrats about what we were doing. Why did we do this, and why did we have basically so much support for what we did? When I say ‘‘support,’’ I am not simply talking about Democrats. I am talking about people who left their homes, their businesses, and their workplaces and joined us outside. They even stayed for hours in the rain to say to us: Thank you for finally giving voice to this problem that we have in this country on gun violence. The Members of the Democratic Party and those people who were outside basically said: We are sick and tired of the influence that is exerted by the gun lobby. You have the NRA that owns too many Members of Congress and who can tell them what to do. There are Members who are intimidated by the gun lobby and the NRA. So what they do is they hide behind the Constitution and they will tell you that they are defending their constitutional rights. None of us, in what we sat in about, talked about taking away anybody’s guns. What we said was we have got to make sure that guns are not in the hands of people who should not have them; people who have committed crimes; people who have committed murder; people who have shown that perhaps something is wrong with them psychologically or emotionally. We should not make it easy for these people to have guns. What should we do about it? We have two very simple bills, and we begged the Speaker of this House to allow us to take up those bills, to debate those bills, to have them voted up or down. Well, the Speaker won’t do it. The Speaker won’t do it because, as it has been described, he, too, is a handmaiden of the gun lobby, along with all of the other Members afraid to come and represent and to deal with the tough issues that confront us. What were those bills all about? One is very easy to explain: no fly, no buy. What does that mean? It simply means that if you are on a list that says you can’t get on an airplane because you are dangerous, we know something about you that will not allow us to allow you to get on an airplane where you may commit an action that could endanger the lives of everybody on that plane and others even on the ground, no fly, no buy. Why should we sell guns to somebody who we have said are too dangerous to fly on the airplane? That is all we wanted on that bill, was a vote to say: Yeah, that makes good sense. If you cannot fly, you should not be able to buy. What is wrong with that? That is very simple. Why can’t they take up that bill? Aren’t they concerned about who gets on the airplane? Yes. But if you are concerned about who gets on the airplane, you should be concerned about who is able to buy a gun. The other bill is just as clear, just as simple: universal background checks. We need to know who is buying these guns. Somebody will say: Don’t we have something about background checks in the law? Ladies and gentlemen, we are not covering what is on the Internet. We are not covering the fact that these gun shows are selling guns out of the back of their cars. They don’t know who the people are. They don’t care who they are, and they walk away with guns, and they go out and they kill people with them. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, our Nation has endured a harrowing week, which has affected each and every one of us. Senseless and tragic violence, mass shootings, and shootings of those who have sworn to protect us have become part of our daily dialogue. We are forced to cope with the loss of family members, friends, our neighbors, and the fracturing of our communities as a result of gun violence in our country. My district is no different. Stockton, California, endured the Nation’s first mass school shooting in 1989. A man opened fire at Cleveland Elementary School, killing 5 children and injuring 30 students and teachers. It was a senseless act of violence that prompted the California State Legislature to ban assault weapons. This law helped pave the way for a Federal ban on assault weapons. Unfortunately, Congress gave in to pressure from the gun lobby and let the law expire in 2004. Today there are only six other States and the District of Columbia that have such a ban. This past Saturday, a man gunned down in central Stockton became the city’s 25th homicide of 2016. In the U.S., more than 10,000 Americans will likely be killed by gun murders this year. Another 20,000 lives will likely be lost to suicide. The total number of gun deaths and violent injuries will be close to 100,000. The victims who make these headlines are just as important as the ones that don’t. But there is a brighter side to this story. In my congressional district, as well as in others around the country, there has been a real concerted effort to unite community services, law enforcement, neighborhood leaders, and others to work together to address acts of violence. Although this effort has brought people together and helped focus the community to reduce violence, constant vigilance and peaceful involvement remains needed. Are there achievable changes to our gun laws within the Constitution that would make a difference? Absolutely. Should we, as Congress and the U.S. House of Representatives, work on behalf of our people we represent to take actions? Yes. Absolutely. America’s poor and minority populations are disproportionately impacted by gun violence. A November 2015 ProPublica article noted that half of American gun death victims are men of color in poor, segregated neighborhoods. If we really care about our citizens, we should be taking concrete steps to curb gun violence with responsible legislation, such as expanded background checks, a ban on assault weapons, a ban on felons and domestic abusers from owning guns, and gun safety features and safety training. No one solution will completely solve the problem, but if something like expanding background checks to all gun sales will help keep guns away from dangerous people and save lives, wouldn’t it be worth it? Many Members of this body have heard the call of action from our constituents and took to the House floor in a peaceful, yet meaningful way. We have taken the call to action and joined our constituents at events in our districts. We speak each day, and we will continue to speak about what is needed to change the cycle of violence plaguing our Nation. It is my hope that just as many folks in our communities strive to reduce all acts of violence that Congress will learn from them. We need a real dialogue about the challenges we face and what it will take to reduce violence in our communities. While such actions might seem difficult or impossible to achieve, we must join together in that pursuit and work toward a peaceful Nation. Mr. Speaker, not only do we have a responsibility here in Congress, but the citizens and the residents of this country have a responsibility, too. To those contemplating violence, you are hurting yourselves and the people you care about. Nonviolence takes more courage and achieves so much more. 
b1215 WE NEED TO CLOSE THE LOOPHOLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. Our country is grieving. Innocent lives have been lost. Some of those were the brave public servants, public safety servants who were sworn to protect us. Families have been forever changed by the loss of a loved one, and concern and frustration have visited every corner of our country. As we move forward from last week’s tragedies and work together to build a better nation and a brighter future for every citizen, let us remember that, as Members of Congress, each of us has a unique opportunity to effect meaningful change. We have the opportunity to pass legislation that can help put an end to gun violence that claims the lives of more than 30 Americans every day. We can’t continue to stand by and allow this epidemic of gun violence to continue devastating our communities. Whether it is in a movie theater, on a college campus, at an elementary school, in a church, in a nightclub, or on the streets of our cities, far too many innocent lives have been cut short by someone using a gun. Let me give you some numbers: 3
1⁄2—the number of years since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School; 34,000plus—the number of people killed by someone using a gun since Sandy Hook; 1,196—the number of mass shootings in our country since Sandy Hook; 31—the number of moments of silence observed by this House for victims of gun violence since Sandy Hook; 525—the number of days the House has been in session since Sandy Hook; and, most sadly Zero—that is the number of times we have voted on gun violence prevention legislation on this floor. Think about that; 34,000 people killed by someone using a gun, and the lives of their loved ones forever changed. One of the 34,000 people killed by someone using a gun since the tragedy at Sandy Hook was a 10yearold girl named Samantha. Her mother, Catherine, was brave enough to share her story last week on the steps of our Capitol. Catherine and her 10yearold daughter were shot by a man who couldn’t pass a background check, but because of a glaring loophole, he was able to buy a gun online without having to pass a background check. He used that gun to shoot Catherine and to kill Samantha. My bipartisan, proSecond Amendment bill, H.R. 1217, would close this loophole and require a background check for all commercial gun sales, including those online, at gun shows, and through classified ads. Background checks are our first line of defense when it comes to stopping dangerous people from getting firearms. We know that they work. Every day, 170 felons are stopped from buying a gun because of a background check, and 50 domestic abusers are stopped from buying a gun because of background checks. Everyone says they want to keep guns away from dangerous people, but the only way to know if someone is dangerous is to conduct a background check. Without background checks, how do you know if a person buying a gun is a criminal or dangerously mentally ill? If the man who killed Catherine’s daughter hadn’t been able to easily bypass the background check by going online, Catherine’s tragic story may have been different. It is long past time for the Republican leadership in this House to give us a vote on H.R. 1217. Just as important for the safety and security of our country and fellow Americans is H.R. 1076, bipartisan, pro Second Amendment legislation to prohibit those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list from being able to legally purchase firearms. This debate isn’t a choice between respecting the Second Amendment or reducing gun violence; it is about this Congress doing both. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. f 
CONGRESS MUST STEP UP AND DO ITS JOB The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week we all woke up to the horrific news of violence in Baton Rouge, in Falcon Heights, and then the terrible events that unfolded in Dallas, where members of their police department were gunned down protecting individuals who were actually standing up to protest. The police officers stood between them and a dangerous person with a dangerous weapon, and many—five members—lost their lives. This week we mark 1 month since the worst mass shooting in the history of our country. An act of hate, an act of terror that ended 49 lives. That is 49 friends, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, sons, and daughters. They left behind communities of people who will never be the same without them. One of those 49 was Tevin Crosby of Saginaw, Michigan, in my district. Tevin was just 25 years old. He was on a trip visiting family in North Carolina and then went to Florida to see some friends and colleagues. He was a young businessowner, a rising star, according to his friends. An employee at his company told the Saginaw News that Tevin was always smiling, always positive. This pattern of violence can’t be ignored. It demands change. We are better than this. We can do better than this. In this body, in this House of Representatives, we must do better. No one piece of legislation would prevent every shooting, but if it could prevent one, we should act. Three weeks ago, I joined my colleagues on the floor of this House as we sat down to stand up and say that we had had enough. We demanded, and continue to demand, a vote on commonsense legislation to prevent gun violence. When the majority adjourned in the middle of the night and went home, we didn’t stop. We took our message to every corner of the country. At home in Michigan, I joined with my congressional delegation, my Democratic colleagues, to meet with our constituents and talk with them about what more we can do in Washington to prevent gun violence. I heard Michiganders talk about what that sort of violence means in their own neighborhoods. Gun violence happens in mass shootings like we saw in Orlando, but it also occurs every single day across our country. In cities like my hometown of Flint, we see gun violence every single week on our streets, in our neighborhoods. It is our duty in Congress to keep Americans safe and to work toward decreasing gun violence back home. Our constituents are literally dying because it is too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun, and we have a moral responsibility to act. I have been inspired by the people back in Michigan. I met with moms and dads, sons and daughters, sisters and brothers, faith leaders, elected officials, law enforcement officials, and community activists. They have all come together, joined their voices, calling for a vote on commonsense legislation to prevent gun violence. When we go home, people are asking: Why aren’t you voting to make sure suspected terrorists and dangerous criminals can’t buy a gun? Well, the reason is simple. It is because the Republican majority is held captive by the gun lobby. It is that simple. The fact that they are petrified of a single organization keeps them from acting. We are sick of it, and we are not going to stand for it. What we are asking for, what we are demanding, is a vote on just two commonsense pieces of legislation that have the support of more than 80 percent of Americans. People in Michigan have made it clear they want Congress to act, and I am sure this is true all across the country: act to prevent suspected terrorists from buying deadly weapons; act to make sure that, if a person purchases a gun, they should have to go through a background check no matter how they purchase that weapon. We can’t just express our grief on the floor of this House and then not act on real, meaningful action to prevent gun violence. We must step up as a Congress and do our job and pass strong, smart legislation that will keep our country safe. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PITTENGER ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As our Nation continues to mourn the deaths of the past days, send Your spirit of consolation upon us. Bless the Members of this people’s House with wisdom and the courage to address the pressing difficulties of our time. As they continue the work of this assembly, guide them to grow in understanding in attaining solutions to our Nation’s needs. Continue to bless those, as well, charged with protecting and serving our country. They, too, need wisdom and insight into the pressure points of insecurity among our citizens. Lord, have mercy. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
THE WALKING VETERAN (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, I had the pleasure of meeting Thomas Wayne Hudson. Known on Facebook as The Walking Veteran, Mr. Hudson is walking across the country to raise awareness for the issues facing veterans as they transition from military life to civilian status. Mr. Hudson, who is a disabled veteran, started his journey in Las Vegas on May 2, and plans to finish on Veterans Day here in the Nation’s Capital. While walking with him, I quickly became inspired by his dedication to his fellow veterans. Despite returning to civilian life, Mr. Hudson has dedicated his time, energy, and resources to help fellow veterans, and his mission is a testament to the neverending spirit and selflessness of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Hudson told me that a big part of the reason for the walk is to catch the attention of our Nation’s elected officials. The Walking Veteran deserves our attention and support, and I am pleased to share his story with my colleagues in the House. I encourage all to follow Mr. Hudson’s journey. f 
CONGRESS MUST ACT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in demanding votes on two commonsense, bipartisan pieces of legislation that are overwhelmingly supported by the American people. First, without a completed background check, we cannot identify criminals, domestic abusers, and other individuals too dangerous to own a gun. Right now, Federal law only requires criminal background checks at federally licensed gun dealers. Criminals can bypass the background check system altogether by going online or to a gun show. H.R. 1217, the bipartisan KingThompson bill, closes this loophole, requiring background checks for all commercial gun sales regardless of where the sale is made. Second, if you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America. When it is easier for a suspected terrorist to buy a gun than board a plane, something is wrong. H.R. 1076, the bipartisan no fly, no buy legislation, authored in part by Congressman PETER KING, would prevent suspected terrorists from purchasing guns. Congress must act on these very simple, straightforward, bipartisan bills. 
REMEMBERING MARIAN BERGESON (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, last Wednesday, Marian Bergeson passed away at the age of 90. Marian was a true pioneer. She was the first woman to serve in both the California State Assembly and State Senate, and she paved the way for so many women in California to pursue public service. Marian herself was a tireless public servant who advocated for education, small business, and transportation. My friend State Senator Pat Bates summed it up when she said: ‘‘Few people have influenced Orange County and California politics more effectively than Marian did.’’ Marian also had a real zest for life. She celebrated her 90th birthday by jumping out of an airplane for the sixth time. The entire Orange County community joins her husband, Garth, and their three children in mourning, but I hope they will find comfort in knowing her legacy will live on for years to come. f 
AN URGENT REQUEST FOR THE LEADERSHIP (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t come to the floor with prepared remarks today. I just came with a very urgent request. I ask that the Republican leadership hold a vote on our commonsense, bipartisan, proSecond Amendment background check legislation and no fly, no buy legislation. Ninety percent of the American people support it. It is pro Second Amendment. It is bipartisan. The background check now has 187 coauthors. But more important, most important, it works. Every day, 170 felons are stopped from buying firearms because of the background check. You don’t know if a person who is trying to buy a firearm is a criminal, a domestic abuser, or is dangerously mentally ill unless you do a background check. Please, Mr. Speaker, please Republican leadership, bring these two bills to the floor. Criminals, domestic abusers, potential terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill should not be able to legally and easily purchase firearms. 
HONORING REPRESENTATIVE CARL ROGERS ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to rise and to make notice of Representative Carl Rogers, State representative from Georgia, who is ending his 22year career in the State legislature. I want to congratulate him on his retirement. He has served the Gainesville, Hall County area for 22 years. He has served under four Governors, including the last being under his friend, Governor Nathan Deal. Carl was the epitome of a citizen legislator. He knew his people, and he knew what was best; and sometimes, 
whether he was making calls that people understood or even calls that people were critical of, Carl was always the same. Carl’s wife, Linda, has stood by him all these years. They have been married 49 years. Now she is getting him home. For those of us who know Carl, sometimes we think that will be good or bad, but Linda has had Carl for that many years, and she is wonderful. On one special note, Mr. Speaker, Carl’s public service transcends, but it is what the man does in private that means a lot. When I was in Iraq in 2008, separated from my family at Christmas, one night I got a text from my wife. When my family was celebrating Christmas without me, Carl showed up on my front doorstep with Christmas presents for my children. Carl Rogers, you will be missed sorely in the Georgia Legislature, but I still count you as one of my dearest friends. 
RECENT TRAGEDIES ARE TIED TOGETHER (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, Dallas, Texas; Falcon Heights, Minnesota; Baton Rouge, Louisiana—these are not individual incidents occurring in a vacuum outside the orbits of each other. These tragedies are tied together by the threads of anger and fear. They filled me with horror, with sadness, and grief. I know that we as a nation cannot allow ourselves to grow numb to this. Each of these deaths, each of these innocent lives lost, should cause each of us great sorrow and pain. They should pain us not just for the simple loss of human life, but also for the realization that their deaths—and the more than 90 people who die from gunfire each day in this Nation—are the painful signs that something is profoundly wrong in our society. Let us begin the healing and let us unite by passing no fly, no buy and universal background checks. As the President has said, ‘‘We are better than this.’’ 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5469) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to direct the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund to support the capacity of the International Monetary Fund to prevent money laundering and financing of terrorism. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5469 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SUPPORT FOR CAPACITY OF THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND TO PREVENT MONEY LAUNDERING AND FINANCING OF TERRORISM. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the IMF provides consultations to improve the economic governance of member countries. Traditional areas of focus have included fiscal administration, monetary policy, and financial statistics. More recently, however, the Fund has had to respond to increased demand for technical assistance devoted to antimoney laundering and countering the finance of terrorism, AML/CFT. While other international financial institutions also provide such assistance, it is commonly agreed that the IMF’s role is preeminent, given its ongoing specialized work with fiscal authorities and other central banks. The IMF bases its AML/CFT work on the international standards, with its technical assistance including activities such as risk assessments, national AML/CFT strategies, legal and regulatory reforms, and the development of financial intelligence units. These FIUs are particularly important for countries that need to process reports of suspicious transactions that may be related to criminal and terrorism activity. H.R. 5469 will help the IMF continue and expand these programs by making AML/CFT technical assistance a priority and by reasserting its importance to the U.S. Treasury. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This commonsense legislation is aimed at expanding the resources the International Monetary Fund can tap in order to provide member countries with technical assistance for anti money laundering and counterterrorist financing efforts. Through the IMF’s legal department, experts provide assistance to countries that want to put in place effective AML/CFT frameworks in compliance with international standards. Unfortunately, demand is outpacing supply. Currently, the IMF provides only about $7 million dollars in AML/CFT technical assistance a year. It is funded almost entirely through volunteer donor trust fund contributions. The U.S. does not contribute to the trust fund. This bill will require the U.S. Executive Director at the IMF to advocate for additional AML/CFT technical assistance financing through the IMF’s administrative budget. The provision of AML/CFT technical assistance should be a top priority, and I think many of us would support a slightly larger transfer of the IMF’s annual net profits into the budget to accommodate this important work. This bill represents an important goal, one that the U.S. should pursue at the IMF, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), the author of the bill. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I appreciate my colleague for her support on the bill. The IMF plays a very significant role in global economic stability. Since they work with the world’s central banks and financial institutions, it is only appropriate that we would be extending technical assistance to this organization and make it more permanent that they would finance and back up the plans of all countries to combat money laundering and terrorism. That is the simple precept of the bill. So as we look at the possibilities, the global rise of terrorism is causing instability in every corner of the world. The world should be now standing up saying that we all join hands, we join arms, link arms to fight this global scourge. One of the most important fights is the ability to choke off the financing, to interrupt the financing of the operations. This will not do completely what we need to do to stop the threats of global terrorism, but it will go a long way. But, more importantly, it will get buy in from countries right now are reticent to take part. That is one of the essential things. Some nations are allowed to sit on the sidelines, and all we are saying is that should be up to all of us, not one country here, not the countries that are being affected, but the entire world should be standing together. This is just a commonsense, pragmatic approach to the situation of money laundering and terrorism. Again, it is not a partisan issue. So I appreciate the input of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. With that, I recommend that all vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5469. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), for his important work on the antifinancing of terrorism issue. It is a very patriotic effort on his part. It’s an important bill. We thank our colleagues across the aisle for their support of the bill as well, and I ask our colleagues as well to support the passage of H.R. 5469. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5469. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING TERRORIST, UNDERGROUND, AND OTHER ILLICIT FINANCING ACT Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5594) to require the establishment of a national strategy for combating the financing of terrorism and related financial crimes, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5594 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act’’. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. b1430 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, during my 2year appointment on the House Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, I joined with Ranking Member STEPHEN  LYNCH , Vice Chair R OBERT PITTENGER , and a dedicated, bipartisan body to investigate and evaluate the efforts made by the United States to counter and dismantle the financial networks funding terrorist organizations. During this time, our task force heard repeated testimony that information sharing is not as efficient as it ought to be and that, in some instances, agencies or departments are not coordinating their efforts well enough. During a hearing held by our task force, Juan Zarate, senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, stated that, and this is a quote: ‘‘The U.S. Government’s approach to its economic vulnerabilities is scattered—with strategies to protect supply chain security, combat transnational organized crime, secure the cyber domain, protect critical infrastructure, and promote U.S. private sector interests abroad to compete with stateowned enterprises . . . the U.S. should craft a deliberate strategy that aligns economic strength with national security interests more explicitly and more completely.’’ This, Mr. Speaker, is exactly what this bill aims to address. H.R. 5594 requires the President, acting through the Treasury, to develop and publish an annual wholeofgovernment strategy to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am very pleased to rise, along with my colleagues Chairman MICHAEL  FITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania; our vice chair, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ); the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ); and also the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), in support of H.R. 5594, a bill that will build on the administration’s commendable efforts to counter the financing of terrorism. 
I would note that the proposal before us today, of which I am a cosponsor, also builds off of previous bipartisan legislation, led by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), and former Financial Services Committee Chairman, Spencer Bachus. Together, their legislation, enacted in 1998, called for the creation of a national anti money laundering strategy and laid the groundwork for the legislation that we present here today. Thanks to the continued leadership of Representative VELA´ZQUEZ and the work of members of the Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, which was created by the full committee chairman, Mr. HENSARLING of Texas, and joined by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ), our government will be required to continue its efforts to stay ahead of the evolving methods that terrorists and other bad actors use to conceal the movement of illicit funds. Specifically, the national strategy that will be developed as part of this legislation will require a comprehensive assessment of the threats, goals, objectives, and priorities for preventing and disrupting illicit finance, and it will promote efforts to detect and prosecute the financing of terrorism. Moreover, this legislation includes a requirement to assess the ways in which we can strengthen the role of the private sector, enhance publicprivate partnerships to disrupt illicit finance, and most effectively enhance intergovernmental coordination. Our legislation also calls on the administration to assess the adequacy of funding dedicated to meeting anti money laundering/counterterrorist financing challenges, and assess how best to leverage technology and other data to fight against the financing of terror. As the Islamic State and other terrorist groups continue to demonstrate their capacity and willingness to export heinous acts of violence to every corner of the globe and inspire attacks here in the United States, the need to have an effective strategy to counter the financing of these activities is now more important than ever. In closing, I would like to thank House Financial Services Committee Chair JEBHENSARLING and Ranking Member MAXINE WATERS for the creation of the Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. I would also like to again thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Chairman MIKEFITZPATRICK ; the gentleman from North Carolina, Vice Chair ROBERTPITTENGER ; and the rest of my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee for the enthusiasm and energy with which they have carried out the mandate of the task force. Our work has been a truly bipartisan effort, and I look forward to the opportunity to build on these efforts in the future. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), an important and valued member of the task force. Mr. HILL. I thank the chairman for yielding. I thank Mr. LYNCH for his important legislation, H.R. 5594, which I stand in support of and as a cosponsor of today. I want to thank Chairman FITZPATRICK and Chairman H ENSARLING  for the opportunity to serve on this critical task force on terror financing. It is an important but lessdiscussed part of the war on terror. This war on terror requires a more nuanced approach to achieve victory than previous U.S. conflicts. It requires the full coordination and collaboration of allied financial, cyber, diplomatic, and military capabilities. And one of the most underreported aspects of winning this war has been infiltrating and cutting off sources of funding for terrorist groups. Like its occasional intermittent engagement, accompanied by long periods of lack of resolve, lack of clear rules of engagement that would produce victory, occasionally, this administration has not been consistent in pressing for victory in the war on terror finance. But since San Bernardino and Paris, we see the administration aggressively targeting ISIS’ funding sources. Instead of intermittent, we need a coordinated strategy to combat terror finance between all of our government agencies and with our allies to make sure it is the most effective in countering this menace. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, is our Nation’s front line at the Treasury for governmenttogovernment and enhanced governmenttoprivate sector coordination that this national strategy puts in full force. I was pleased to cosponsor Mr. LYNCH ’s amendment that was passed in last week’s Financial Services appropriations legislation that includes an increase for FinCEN’s budget. I am proud to join my colleague, Mr. FITZPATRICK , and our committee on this important bill to require a national strategy to combat terrorism, underground, and other forms of illicit finance. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas, and I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), one of our lead cosponsors on this legislation. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman FITZPATRICK and Ranking Member LYNCH . Over the course of the past year, the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing has found that U.S. Government efforts to counter the financing of terrorism lack sufficient coordination and that the United States has no unified national strategy to guide our counterfinancing efforts. The Federal Government must change its approach and mindset to counter the financing of terrorism, and this is why Chairman FITZPATRICK and I introduced this bipartisan legislation to direct the Secretary of the Treasury, in coordination with relevant Federal agencies, to establish a wholeof government strategy to combat the financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit finance. This strategy must include: a critical assessment of the effectiveness of U.S. efforts to fight terrorist financing; ways to improve coordination with international, State, and local law enforcement and the private sector; and a comprehensive discussion of threats, goals, objectives, and priorities for disrupting and preventing terrorist financing. The strategy should enhance detection, deterrence, prosecution, and ultimately strengthen our broader national security goals. Our legislation forces the Federal Government to create a wholeofgovernment strategy to counter terrorism financing that improves the effectiveness of our efforts and better aligns these efforts with our broader national interests. Terrorism is an undeniable threat to our country’s security and global stability. Terrorist networks constantly develop new ways to finance their deadly operations and threaten America. The Islamic State is one of the world’s most violent, dangerous, and wellfinanced terrorist groups. To keep our country safe, we must be one step ahead of ISIS, cutting off its funding and stopping its efforts. I thank Chairman FITZPATRICK and Congresswoman VELA´ZQUEZ for allowing me to join and work with them on this important legislation. I thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for establishing this important task force, and I thank Chairman FITZPATRICK and Ranking Member LYNCH for their leadership on the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep money out of terrorists’ hands and build on our progress to strengthen America’s security. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), a trusted member of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative FITZPATRICK , the chair of our terrorism task force here, along with Representative LYNCH , Representative S INEMA , and others, for moving forward on this issue and legislation. I stand today in support, and I am proud to have been a cosponsor of this important legislation that would require the President to develop an all encompassing government strategy to 
combat money laundering and terrorist financing. The National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act addresses this important problem by developing a comprehensive strategy that includes many different components and capabilities of our Federal Government and allies. From my time working on the terrorism finance task force, we have heard testimony from members of various government agencies and from the private sector who play a role in fighting this issue abroad. As a former United States Ambassador who has worked to stop international terrorist financing, it is clear that coordination and communication between these agencies can be improved to block terrorist financing. ISIS, along with other terrorist groups, continues to find creative and new ways to obtain financing, oftentimes using our regulated financial system as a means to launder that money. This legislation, H.R. 5594, ensures our government is taking all actions necessary to stop this growing terrorist threat, and I urge its passage. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I just want to again thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for entrusting to myself and my colleague, Mr. LYNCH , the important work of investigating terrorism finance, how these terrorist organizations are achieving their resources, what we can do to sort of choke off their financing, which, to terrorism, is sort of like oxygen. Without oxygen, you can’t live. Without financing, terrorists can’t achieve their goals. So I want to thank Mr. LYNCH because, during the course of the 2 years we worked together, he worked very closely with me to make sure, in each of the hearings that we had and all the work in putting the bills together, that no politics seeped into this important work, and so we continue to work together. I also want to thank the staff of the Financial Services Committee, Mr. Joe Pinder, Mr. Chris Matarangas of my staff, and Jackie Cahan of Representative LYNCH ’s staff, who helped us craft the legislation that is on the floor today. I ask all of my colleagues to support this bill to adopt H.R. 5594. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5594. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ANTITERRORISM INFORMATION SHARING IS STRENGTH ACT Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5606) to facilitate better information sharing to assist in the fight against the funding of terrorist activities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5606 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Antiterrorism Information Sharing Is Strength Act’’. 
Not later than the end of the 180day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue regulations to be consistent with the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in the opaque world of counterthreat finance, information sharing is critical for both the private and also the public sectors. The PATRIOT Act created a safe harbor provision allowing for limited information sharing to combat money 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5606. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ENHANCING TREASURY’S ANTI TERROR TOOLS ACT Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5607) to enhance the Department of the Treasury’s role in protecting national security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5607 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act’’. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of the Treasury, acting in the Secretary’s own capacity and through the Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, should work with finance ministry counterparts worldwide to spur the development within such ministries of entities similar to the Department of the Treasury’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis to more solidly integrate the intelligence community with antimoney laundering and counterterrorist financing efforts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Department of the Treasury has done excellent work in its endeavor to curb money laundering and assist Federal law enforcement in its mission to combat terrorism. However, we cannot take its successes for granted. Throughout the task force, we heard time and time again that organized criminal and terrorist groups are constantly changing; adapting their techniques in an effort to expose and utilize the international financial system and that of the United States. As a result, it is imperative that we continue to improve the tools we use to combat these threats. H.R. 5607 aims to do just that. This bill enhances a number of tools that the Department of the Treasury uses in its efforts to combat the financing of terror and money laundering, which includes providing a greater emphasis on Treasury attache´s stationed in embassies overseas, strengthening the requirements for temporary enhanced reporting, and adding the Secretary of the Treasury as a fulltime member of the National Security Council. Our adversaries are constantly adapting. We must adapt as well. The policies implemented by this bill will prove to strengthen the Treasury’s weapons as it continues to carry out its important work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , July 6, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : On June 28, 2016, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘the Committee’’) received a referral for H.R. 5607, ‘‘To Enhance the Department of the Treasury’s role in protecting national security, and for other purposes.’’ In order to expedite the House’s consideration of this important legislation, the Committee will forego consideration of the measure. This waiver is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding that it does not diminish or otherwise affect any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill or any similar legislation. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging the Committee’s jurisdictional interest into any committee report on H.R. 5607 and into the Congressional Record during its floor consideration. I would also appreciate your support for the appointment of Committee members to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. DEVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for your July 6th letter regarding H.R. 5607, the ‘‘Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act.’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forego action on H.R. 5607 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter and this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5607. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5607, the Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act, and for agreeing to add the Foreign Affairs Committee as a recipient of the reporting required by that bill. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. The Committee also reserves the right to seek an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this bill, and would appreciate your support for any such request. I ask that you place our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for your July 7 letter regarding H.R. 5607, the ‘‘Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act.’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forgo action on H.R. 5607 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter and this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5607. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 8, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing concerning H.R. 5607, the ‘‘Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. I appreciate your willingness to work with me on the provisions in my Committee’s jurisdiction. In order to allow H.R. 5607 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on H.R. 5607 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , CHAIRMAN . COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 8, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your July 8th letter regarding H.R. 5607, the ‘‘Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act.’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forgo action on H.R. 5607 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on Ways and Means is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter and this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5607. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 8, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning the bill H.R. 5607, the Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act. This legislation was referred to the Committee on Armed Services as certain provisions in the legislation fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. Because the Committee on Financial Services has agreed to remove Section 8 from the bill relating to the National Security Council, and in the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H.R. 5607. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider this legislation. Please place this letter into any committee report on H.R. 5607 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. MACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for your July 11th letter regarding H.R. 5607, the ‘‘Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act.’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forego action on H.R. 5607 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on Armed Services is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter and this letter in the Congressional 
Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5607. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 5607, entitled, Enhancing Treasury’s AntiTerror Tools Act. Again, I would like to thank my colleague and the vice chair of our task force, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), for his great work on this and for introducing this bill. I am proud to serve as the lead Democratic cosponsor on this most important legislation. This bill will enhance tools available to the Department of the Treasury in its efforts to combat the financing of terror, money laundering, and related illicit finance. This legislation is one of a package of bills that reflects the culmination of 11 hearings in the Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, which explored a wide range of vulnerabilities in the global financial system. Over the course of the task force hearings, Members learned that there are relatively few fulltime Treasury attaches at our embassies. At one point I know that members of the task force met with our Treasury attaches in the Middle East, and they are so thin on representation there that several of them have multicountry responsibilities requiring them to hop around and deal with several highrisk locations and countries. So we obviously need to get them some more help. They do a tremendous job. Don’t get me wrong. I am extremely pleased and proud of the work that Treasury does, but I think they could use some more resources, and this bill aims at that vulnerability. Over the course of the task force hearings, Members learned that there are relatively few fulltime Treasury attaches at our embassies around the globe to lend their expertise and to help them eliminate terrorism and money laundering vulnerabilities in the global financial system. The bill before us today takes welcome steps to help us better understand how to improve coordination between the Department of the Treasury, foreign financial ministries, and foreign central banks in an effort to block the financing of terror, money laundering, and related illicit finance. The legislation also addresses gaps that the Treasury Department has identified in its efforts to compel reporting of information on transactions that present elevated antimoney laundering risks, which may not be captured by broadbased antimoney laundering program requirements. Additionally, the legislation takes steps to address longstanding humanitarian concerns resulting from the private sector’s increased unwillingness to serve higherrisk areas like Somalia. With few global banks willing to keep remittance channels open, diaspora communities here in the U.S. have been left with few safe and legitimate channels to get critical funds to their families back home. The bill seeks to address this growing concern by directing the Treasury Department to review and report on the viability of creating a pilot program aimed at helping banks and credit unions become more comfortable offering account services to countries that facilitate remittances to highrisk locations. b1500 Finally, the bill would promote the importance of America’s international engagement by encouraging the Secretary of the Treasury to work with finance ministries around the world to spur the integration of intelligence authorities with animoney laundering and counterterrorism finance efforts. I am extremely pleased with this legislation, and I would like to commend all of my colleagues on the task force for their efforts to help counter the financing available to terrorist groups. Our work on the task force has been a truly bipartisan effort, it has been a pleasure, and I look forward to the opportunities to build on this good work in the future. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. LYNCH , for his hard work on this important bill. This bill contains seven sections, and each of those sections was the subject of extensive testimony and work in the 11 hearings of the task force over the course of the past 1
1⁄2to 2 years. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), the author of the bill. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman FITZPATRICK for yielding and for his leadership. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) for his extraordinary support and skills and knowledge in these areas. It has really been an honor to work with him. Our proposal seeks to enhance a number of the tools the Treasury Department uses in its efforts to combat the financing of terror, money laundering, and the related illicit finance. Specifically, our bill helps specify the roles the Treasury Department plays, both domestically and abroad, to assist in the fight against terror finance. Over the past year, our Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing has received ample testimony supporting the role of Treasury in our larger strategic efforts to defeat ISIS and other global terrorist networks. Many individuals are not aware of the substantial role our Treasury Department plays in our embassies abroad. Treasury has several attaches abroad that are used to supplement foreign efforts to enforce financial laws and combat terror financing. This bill is an effort to support Treasury’s role in our larger strategic efforts to defeat terrorist organizations and put an end to their operations. Mr. Speaker, the longer groups like ISIS remain on the battlefield, the more effective their messaging and recruitment efforts become. Congress must fully support our government’s efforts to stop the flow of dollars and resources from funding terror. This bill will allow Treasury to report to Congress on its role in various countries throughout the world and, subsequently, the need to expand that role. It also will provide to Congress its advisability and the implications of turning the Treasury’s Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence—which includes FinCEN and OFAC—sanctions enforcement unit into a standalone bureau, similar to the FBI. Mr. Speaker, I commit this bill to our body, and I seek the full support in this truly bipartisan effort that we have had on our task force. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. We ask our colleagues to support and adopt H.R. 5607. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5607, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
INCLUSION OF ALL FUNDS WHEN ISSUING CERTAIN GEOGRAPHIC TARGETING ORDERS Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5602) to amend title 31, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to include all funds when issuing certain geographic targeting orders, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5602 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5602 amends the section of the United States Code that allows the Treasury Secretary to issue ‘‘geographical targeting orders,’’ requiring more detailed information to be reported to the Treasury Department regarding certain types of transactions in a specific area for a limited amount of time. These geographical targeting orders, or GTOs, allow the Treasury to seek more granular detail on a type of activity in a specific area believed to be used for some form of illicit finance. GTOs in the past have been used to identify tradebased money laundering in counterfeit electronics or garments, or to identify repatriation of drug sales proceeds to drug traffickers. During a February task force hearing, former U.S. intelligence officer and Treasury special agent cited trade based money laundering as an area of concern when dealing with illicit financing, stating that such techniques are allowing our adversaries to transfer value to one another right under our noses. Current language allows the Secretary to seek more detailed reporting of coins, currency, or monetary instruments. But Treasury believes that language does not, in some instances, allow for requiring, or compelling the reporting of, information on some sorts of noncash transactions. As illicit finance increasingly seeks to elude detection in the legal banking system, a slightly broader of what sorts of transfers of value should be reported would make such GTOs more effective, in Treasury’s view. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking House Financial Services Committee Chairman HENSARLING of Texas and Ranking Member MAXINE  WATERS of California for creating the Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, which is a 21member bipartisan group charged with ensuring that our government is using every tool at its disposal to deprive groups like the Islamic State, Boko Haram, and other terrorist organizations of the funds they rely on to advance their destructive ideology. I would also like to thank our chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ); our vice chair, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ); and the rest of my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee for their work to improve our efforts to halt terrorist financing. The bill I introduced that is before us today expands the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network’s ability to collect information under geographic targeting orders. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including Mr. PETER  KINGof New York, Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Mr. MICHAEL FITZPATRICK  of Pennsylvania, Mr. GREGORY MEEKS  of New York, Mr. STEVE STIVERS of Ohio, Mr. BRUCE POLIQUIN of Maine, Mr. ROBERT PITTENGER of North Carolina, Mr. KEITH ELLISON of Minnesota, Mr. ANDYBARRof Kentucky, Mr. B ILL FOSTER of Illinois, Mr. B RADSHERMAN  of California, Mr. FRENCH HILLof Arkansas, and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, joined me in cosponsoring this important legislation. During congressional delegations to foreign countries to deal with the central banks in other countries and also financial intelligence units from very difficult locations, we made it a priority to meet with regional financial intelligence units to get updates on efforts to combat terrorist financing. Witnessing the important work of the FIUs around the globe demonstrates the need for the United States to continue to support efforts to develop robust legal, regulatory, and operational frameworks to combat terrorist financing and money laundering. In line with that, it is crucial that we work to strengthen the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, FinCEN, the U.S. financial intelligence unit. By sharing financial intelligence with law enforcement, private industry, and its foreign counterparts, FinCEN supports financial crime investigations throughout the world. Terrorists’ proven ability to move money through innovative means necessitates continued progress in this critical counterterrorism area. The smart, brave Americans who serve at FinCEN work tirelessly every day to track and stop the flow of proceeds of crime and funds that would otherwise be used to aid terrorism in order to safeguard our financial system from evolving money laundering and national security threats. FinCEN’s critical role is evidenced through its recent support to the Paris and Belgium terrorist attack investigations, where FinCEN’s expertise assisted in quickly identifying links between those two attacks. FinCEN published 51 intelligence reports related to the Paris attacks and two intelligence reports related to the Brussels attack. Moreover, FinCEN’s financial intelligence played an important role in identifying potential Islamic State foreign terrorist fighters. With increasingly complex and rapidly evolving terrorist networks, we need to ensure that we provide FinCEN with all of the tools and resources it needs to fight evolving terrorist threats. The geographic targeting order expansion is a new device in the counterterrorism financing toolkit to catch bad actors that are adapting to our countermeasures. If enacted into law, this legislation will allow us to identify wider networks of terrorist financiers and their enablers. We introduced this legislation because the experts at FinCEN told us they need it to stop bad actors. So on behalf of Representatives PETER KING, M AXINE WATERS , M IKE FITZPATRICK , GREGMEEKS , STEVE STIVERS, BRUCE POLIQUIN , BOBPITTENGER , KEITH ELLISON , ANDY BARR, BILLFOSTER, BRADSHERMAN , FRENCH HILL, and ALGREEN , I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I just want to, again, thank my colleague, Mr. LYNCH , for bringing this bill to the task force’s attention and for authoring the bill. The bill is smart. It is targeted. It will help the United States Treasury Department do its job of rooting out those who finance terrorism so that we can all remain safe. With that, I ask my colleagues to support and adopt H.R. 5602. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5602. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DHS STOP ASSET AND VEHICLE EXCESS ACT Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (HR. 
4785) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4785 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS SAVE Act’’. 
a component of the Department, as the case may be, including vehicles used for law enforcement and other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4785, the DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act, or the DHS SAVE Act, of 2016. b1515 In October of 2015, the DHS inspector general released a scathing report of the Federal Protective Service’s management of its vehicle fleet, a report that reads like a laundry list of poor management decisions. The IG found that the Federal Protective Service had more vehicles than officers, and officers were authorized to drive from home to work with governmentowned vehicles, the bigger problem being that that was where they got the bulk of the mileage on the vehicles—from home to work and back—and not actually on the job. Additionally, the report stated that the FPS was not in compliance with Federal and departmental requirements, which is why I introduced the DHS SAVE Act. This bill improves the management of DHS’ vehicle fleets by authorizing the Under Secretary for Management at the headquarters level to oversee the components’ vehicle fleets; it requires the components to evaluate their fleets on an ongoing basis; it includes penalties for the mismanagement of component fleets; and it requires the DHS to identify alternative methods for the management of component fleets. With the second largest civilian vehicle fleet in the Federal Government, the DHS must absolutely have stricter controls in place at the headquarters level in order to rein in rogue components. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this important bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4785, the DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act. H.R. 4785 seeks to bolster how the Department of Homeland Security acquires, manages, and oversees its fleet of, roughly, 53,000 vehicles. In 2014, the Department’s inspector general found that the DHS did not adequately manage or have the enforcement authority to ensure that the composition of its motor vehicle fleet was rightsized. The inspector general observed that each DHS component managed decisionmaking about its own fleet, thereby making it difficult for the DHS fleet manager to provide adequate oversight and ensure compliance with Federal laws, regulations, policies, and directives. One major issue that the inspector general identified is that, while the DHS fleet manager had decisionmaking authority regarding vehicle leases, it did not oversee and approve the acquisition of componentowned vehicles. Last year, the inspector general amplified concerns about how the DHS manages its vehicle fleet in a report that was focused on operations with the Federal Protective Service. In a review issued in October of 2015, the inspector general found that, among other things, the DHS was unable to oversee policies related to hometowork vehicle use by FPS employees and that vehicle acquisition decisions by the FPS leadership were ad hoc. H.R. 4785 seeks to improve the management of the DHS vehicle fleet by strengthening the oversight and management of the Department’s fleet by the Under Secretary for Management by requiring the Under Secretary to issue a standardized vehicle allocation methodology for use throughout the Department, to oversee vehicle acquisition and lease decisionmaking, and to ensure components compliance with Federal laws and Department policies that relate to fleet management. The DHS has the second largest civilian vehicle fleet in the Federal Government at an operating cost of about $462 million. As such, enhancing oversight and management should help the Department to more effectively spend limited taxpayer dollars on what the Department actually needs to carry out its missions. I would note that H.R. 4785 includes language I authored to ensure that the inspector general’s oversight of the DHS’ management of its vehicle fleet continues by reviewing the development, use, and submission of vehicle allocation tools and fleet management plans as required. It requires the inspector general to specifically report to Congress on the effectiveness of the submission requirements with respect to cost avoidance, savings realized, and component operations. As the IG has reported, the DHS’ inability to adequately monitor and oversee the Departmentwide vehicle fleet limits its ability to detect waste and abuse. Therefore, it is imperative that the DHS continue to work to develop proper processes for fleet management and to ensure that components heads utilize the appropriate procedures to inform efforts at achieving an optimal fleet size. I commend my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) for introducing this legislation and for working in a bipartisan fashion to advance it. I urge the passage of H.R. 4785. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Anecdotally, it has been some time since we had the hearing on this subject, but, as I recall, the vast majority of these vehicles in the Federal Protective Service were SUVs, including the ones that travel around Washington, D.C. Of those, the vast majority of them had an average of about 15,000 miles on them, and the fleet was generally turned over about 30 percent at a time almost on an annual basis. I just recall what 15,000 miles is to most people in America. That is a new vehicle, and it is an SUV. Do you really need an SUV? I understand it in parts of, maybe, the Midwest or in mountainous terrain or in swampy terrain or something—but, really, in Washington, D.C.? Folks at the FPS had absolutely no issue with the program, which is what prompted me to further this legislation and offer it. I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her collaborative help and for her willingness to work with me on this and for her support on this. Once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4785. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4785, the Department of Homeland Security Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess (SAVE) Act. H.R. 4785 will amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and direct the Under Security of Management for the Department of Homeland Security to oversee and manage vehicle fleets throughout the department. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and a senior member of the Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, I believe that authorizing the Under Secretary is important in ensuring that DHS is wellmanaged. This bill improves the management of DHS fleets by authorizing the Under Secretary to impose penalties for the mismanagement of fleets and requires the DHS to identify alternative methods for management. The Under Secretary shall also be responsible for ensuring that components are in compliance with federal law, federal regulations, executive branch guidance, and department policy. This legislation also requires the DHS Under Security to monitor compliance with federal laws and regulations related to the use of government vehicles, develop a methodology to determine optimal fleet size, and approve vehicle leases and acquisitions. In addition, H.R. 4785 requires DHS agencies to report data on vehicle use quarterly and submit fleet management plans, including costbenefit analyses, annually to the Under Secretary. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that H.R. 4785 includes an amendment I offered during full committee markup that addresses the management of the fleet vehicles used by protective services under the purview of DHS. The Jackson Lee Amendment requires a GAO report on the status of efforts to achieve capability to collect automated information as required by the bill, and to assess the ability of Under Secretary for Management to identify and address any relevant security concerns regarding vehicles used by protective services. It is of the utmost importance that DHS have stricter controls in place in order to reign in the cost of fleet management. H.R. 4785 will provide better management and oversight of the second largest civilian vehicle fleet in the federal government, and thus save millions of taxpayer dollars. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4785, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW TECHNICAL CORRECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5385) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical corrections to the requirement that the Secretary of Homeland Security submit quadrennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5385 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5385, the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016. 
Congress mandated through the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 that the Department of Homeland Security conduct a quadrennial homeland security review, or a QHSR, every 4 years. This review is intended to outline the DHS’ vision and strategy to effectively implement its mission to protect the homeland. Given the threats we face from radical Islamist terrorists, it is vital that the DHS has a sound strategy to keep the American public safe. Earlier this year, the Government Accountability Office reported on opportunities for the DHS to improve the QHSR process. The GAO made four recommendations for executive action, and this legislation leverages the GAO’s findings to make the QHSR better. Specifically, this legislation requires the DHS to conduct a risk assessment to better inform the QHSR. The bill also mandates that the DHS maintain a paper trail of communications related to the QHSR. This should allow Congress and watchdogs to conduct more effective oversight of the DHS. I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for introducing this legislation. I absolutely urge all Members to join me in supporting this commonsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5385, the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016. It would require the Department of Homeland Security to improve the quadrennial homeland security review that is conducted every 4 years. Pursuant to the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission, the QHSR should be a unified, strategic framework for homeland security missions and goals. The review was intended to be modeled after the Quadrennial Defense Review that the Pentagon undertakes to review the Defense Department’s strategy and priorities. To date, there have been two QHSRs issued by the Department, in 2010 and 2014. While, by all accounts, the 2014 QHSR was an improvement from the first QHSR, the Comptroller General found that the 2014 review fell short in several areas. I introduced H.R. 5385 to specifically address the Comptroller General’s findings about weaknesses with respect to stakeholder engagement, risk analysis, and documentation. To help improve the quality of future QHSRs, my legislation requires the DHS to utilize and document a risk assessment to help determine homeland security missions and threats. H.R. 5385 also requires more robust stakeholder engagement and better documentation of the factors that inform the review’s findings. H.R. 5385 places a major emphasis on stakeholder engagement by requiring documentation regarding communications with stakeholders and information on how feedback from stakeholders influences the review. It also seeks to enhance stakeholder engagement by specifying certain key stakeholders to be consulted. To ensure that the risk assessment undertaken to produce the QHSR is repeatable in future years, H.R. 5385 requires the DHS to retain all information regarding the risk assessment, including data used to generate the risk results and the sources of information to generate the risk assessment. As our Nation faces an everevolving threat, it is imperative that the Department of Homeland Security effectively analyzes and defines future threats facing the country. With the use of a defined, repeatable risk assessment, as required in H.R. 5385, the DHS will be better able to outline specific threats to the homeland and offer tactical strategies for handling these threats. The DHS will also be able to gain insight from the entire homeland security enterprise and valuable stakeholders through more documented communications. Improving stakeholder engagement is important not only for the quality of the QHSR, but for ensuring buyin from critical homeland security enterprise partners who operate outside the Department. The improvements provided in H.R. 5385 will make the QHSR the impactful document it was designed to be. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5385, which was approved unanimously by the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 5385 is a great move forward in the QHSR. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and I believe in transparency and also believe in being on the same page when it comes to security and the safety of our Nation and in making sure that we can follow the metrics that the DHS is using to evaluate that so we can do better in the future. I applaud her for her efforts on this legislation as well as for her ability to get it passed through the committee on a bipartisan basis. Once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5385. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I rise in support of in support of H.R 5385, the ‘‘Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016’’ and thank my good friend Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN for her leadership on this important bill. This bill provides a simple but yet crucial purpose: to improve the quality and timeliness of the review that DHS carries out by including more stakeholder engagement, conducting a regular risk assessment, and maintaining all documents regarding the Quadrennial Review. In 2007, the Committee on Homeland Security passed Public Law 110–53, the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act. Under this Act, the Department of Homeland Security is required to produce every four years a unified, strategic framework for homeland security missions and goals, known as the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review (QHSR). The goal of the QHSR is to provide a comprehensive assessment and analysis of the threats facing the homeland. Thus far, the Department has produced two reviews, in 2010 and 2014. The Government Accountability Office assessed each review extensively and determined that stakeholder engagement and documentation were among the areas for improvement in future QHSRs. Among the key provisions are more specificity on outreach to stakeholders and requirements for supporting documentation on stakeholder engagement and risk assessments. In addition, this legislation enhances stakeholder engagement, by further specifying appropriate stakeholders to consult with during the preparation of the QHSR including the Homeland Security Advisory Council, the Homeland Security Science and Technology Advisory Committee, and the Aviation Security Advisory Committee. Additionally, this bill requires the Department to use a risk assessment when determining the homeland security missions and threats. When interacting with outside agencies to gather information on sources and strategies, the Department must do so to the extent practical for the Department to gather the information needed. Finally, the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016 requires DHS to retain all written communications through technology, online communication, inperson discussions and the interagency process and all information on how the communications and feedback informed the development of the review. I urge support of this legislation to ensure that future Quadrennial Homeland Security Reviews provide homeland security decision makers inside Department of Homeland Security and across the country with the analysis they need to help protect the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5385, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1530 AIRPORT PERIMETER AND ACCESS CONTROL SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5056) to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5056 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Airport Perimeter and Access Control Security Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5056, the Airport Perimeter and Access Control Security Act, sponsored by Congressman BILLKEATING . In recent months, we have seen attacks at airports and aircraft overseas and, in every instance, the integrity and effectiveness of the airport security infrastructure and the insider threat has been concerning. For this reason, we must scrutinize the security of our Nation’s airports and ensure that the public has confidence that their travels will be safe and secure in this highthreat environment. Specifically, H.R. 5056 directs the TSA to update its official risk assessment for the aviation sector to reflect the latest available threat intelligence. Moreover, the bill mandates that TSA’s comprehensive risk assessment of perimeter and access control security is more regularly updated and that TSA conducts a sectorwide assessment of airport access control vulnerabilities and mitigation efforts. All of this information is required for an updated national strategy for airport perimeter and access control security, which TSA has failed to update since 2012, despite multiple access controls and perimeter security breaches at airports across the country. As this bill demonstrates, we cannot focus solely on the effectiveness of our passenger screening checkpoints while allowing lax security around the airport perimeter and within the sterile areas of airports. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman KEATING for introducing this critical legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 5056, the Airport Perimeter and Access Control Security Act. I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) for his hard work in the Committee on Homeland Security where we are colleagues, as well as his work trying to keep our Nation’s security and our airport security at its highest level. Mr. Speaker, this bill was a long time coming. Since I was first elected to Congress in 2010, I have worked hard to secure our Nation’s airports. The last case I had when I was a district attorney before entering Congress was the case of a young 16yearold who had secreted himself on a commercial airliner penetrating the perimeter of the CharlotteDouglas International Airport and, undetected, stowed himself away in the wheel well. Tragically, he went from North Carolina, and his body was found in Massachusetts in the district I represented. As we investigated the cause of that death, we found out what the circumstances were that he had penetrated all the security. In fact, I sent my investigators down from Massachusetts to look at that. Even knowing that this had occurred, there was no record, videowise or otherwise, of what he had done. So even looking backwards, we couldn’t even find out where the security was breached until we made the conclusions at the end of our investigation and looked at the perimeter of that airport and how vulnerable that was. Since that time, I have demanded information on areas of perimeter and access security in our airports. Frankly, not satisfied with the progress in addressing these security issues, I requested an independent review in 2014 of all airports with a Transportation Security Administration presence. Released this spring, this independent report by the GAO found that while TSA has made some progress in assessing risks to airport perimeter and access control security, the agency had not taken new or emerging threats into consideration, as well as the unique makeup of individual airports, the points of access at those individual airports, and the unique perimeters surrounding those airports. Updating the risk to our airports with information that reflects the current threat ensures that the TSA bases its risk management decisions on current information and focuses its limited resources on the highest priority risks to each airport. Further, GAO found that TSA has not comprehensively assessed the vulnerability of commercial airports systemwide. In fact, from 2009 to 2015, TSA conducted these comprehensive assessments at only 81 of the 437 commercial airports nationwide or 19 percent. And that is cumulatively. Some years, that assessment only occurred in 3 percent of the airports. This legislation will make permanent the recommendations from this independent report. Specifically, the bill requires TSA to update transportation security sector risk assessments for the entire aviation sector. It requires it to update the 
comprehensive risk assessment perimeter access control with the most currently available intelligence. It requires that it conduct a thorough assessment of airport perimeters and access control points, such as the unique geography each individual airport entails. And it determines a future strategy of regular updates. Further, the bill incorporates the input of major airport operators, which we met with here in D.C. with the Committee on Homeland Security. We heard firsthand their concern of the lack of an individualized security strategy. A recent report of the Associated Press investigation found that intruders breach airport fences approximately every 10 days. Altogether, there were at least 39 breaches nationwide in 2015, which was also the annual average from 2012 to 2015. TSA’s own calculation over a 10year period ending in 2011 showed 1,300 perimeter breaches in the 450 domestic airports, but that figure does not account for continued perimeter security breaches since 2011, including stowaways, trespassing across tarmacs, scaling of perimeter fences, and driving vehicles through barriers across airport property. The landscape in which terrorists operate is constantly changing and it is challenging. We have to stay ahead of it. We have to look no further than the recent attacks in Paris, Brussels, and Istanbul to see what the threats are within access points and perimeters of airports. We were lucky here in the U.S. that the individuals that breach these access points and perimeters did not have the same nefarious intentions, but that doesn’t mitigate the risk. It doesn’t mitigate the fact that these people pose dangerous behavior potentially to our airports, to our employees and, of course, the passengers and travelers who rely on TSA officers and airport operators for their security. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5056. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I said, the attacks on airports currently in Europe show the challenging terrorist attack efforts that are currently a threat here in the United States. This bipartisan legislation will close loopholes in our airport security practices and procedures and bring us closer to ensuring that access control points and perimeters of all design are as secure as possible. Passage of this bill is an important step in the safety for passengers, pilots, and airport employees as well. I thank the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Transportation Security Subcommittee, Mr. KATKO ; our ranking member, Miss RICE; full committee ranking member, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi; Mr. K ING; Mr. RICHMOND ; Mr. S WALWELL ; and Mrs. TORRES for joining me and supporting this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5056. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for his wellthoughtout, well placed, and longoverdue legislation. It makes me think of my time serving in the United States military as an airfield commander charged with many things, including the security of the airfield. Knowing that our adversaries, at any level, whether it is on the civilian side or the military side, continuously probe and look for ways to thwart us in our efforts to maintain our security, ever changing their tactics, techniques, and procedures—you can see from the recent attacks where they figured they could not get their device or their activities onto the plane. They just simply attacked prior to getting on the plane and actually attacking prior to going through security—so it is in that spirit that we know that we must be right every single bit of the time. There is no margin for error, which is why this legislation is so well placed and so timely. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5056. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5056, the Airport Perimeter and Access Control Security Act of 2016, which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, and streamline transportation security regulations. As a senior member of the House Homeland Security Committee and the Former Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I believe that this bill is of the utmost importance in securing safe airports in our country. The objective of the bill is to establish a riskbased, intelligencedriven model for the screening of employees at airports based on level of access and employment positions at domestic airports. The purpose of H.R. 5056 is to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies. An important part of keeping our airports safe from attacks is to make sure that the perimeters and the security check points are safeguarded and secure. TSA has kept American citizens safe by conducting incredibly thorough airport searches. The same detailed precautions need to be taken for people commuting around and near airport perimeters. This legislation seeks to bolster perimeter security and access controls at domestic airports by requiring the Transportation Security Administration to update relevant risk assessments and leveraging systemwide incident reporting to analyze trends contributing to the threat environment. This bill would require the Department of Homeland Security to develop and conduct an exercise related to the terrorist and foreign fighter threat in order to enhance domestic preparedness for and the collective response to terrorism, promote the dissemination of homeland security information, and test the U.S. security posture. H.R. 5056 would also test the security posture of the United States and the Secretary of Homeland Security through appropriate offices and components of the Department of Homeland Security. The Department of Homeland Security should immediately engage the local and state law enforcement agencies to ensure that city and state governments have the funds to increase the utilization of the local law enforcement to provide that added protection. Mr. Speaker, the state of access controls at domestic airports is in need of direct and thorough scrutiny in order to mitigate perimeter breaches and insider threats to aviation security. H.R. 5056 ensures that scrutiny will take place. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5056. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TERRORIST AND FOREIGN FIGHTER TRAVEL EXERCISE ACT OF 2016 Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4404) to require an exercise related to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4404 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4404, the Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act. This legislation furthers the efforts that I and several of my colleagues on the House Homeland Security Committee have been engaged in for much of the 114th Congress as members of the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. For 6 months, our task force investigated our security vulnerabilities and the threat posed by ISIS. Our work produced 32 key findings and over 50 recommendations to make Americans safer. In our findings, the task force found that the growing complexity and changing nature of the foreign fighter phenomenon may be creating unseen gaps in our defenses. Yet, it has been years since any largescale stress test has been conducted on U.S. Government protection and prevention programs against terrorist travel. The last major government exercise on terrorist travel occurred in 2009 when the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, conducted an exercise focused on the ‘‘aftermath of a notional terrorist event outside of the United States’’ and how to prevent subsequent efforts by the terrorists to enter the United States and carry out additional attacks. The objective of that exercise was to determine how government agencies at all levels would respond in such an environment. However, the threat environment in 2016 has changed considerably, and relying on information gathered during an exercise that took place 7 years ago is simply unacceptable and puts American lives at risk. The exercise conducted in 2009 also focused primarily on terrorists attempting to infiltrate the United States from overseas. However, our task force found that officials today should be just as concerned about Americans leaving the country to train overseas with terrorist groups as foreign fighters. The ability of these hardened fighters to then return to the United States is a legitimate security threat to the homeland. Catching individuals who are looking to join the ranks and train with ISIS and other terrorist organizations prior to their initial departure is equally important, and it should be a goal for law enforcement as well. b1545 As such, H.R. 4404 would require that the Obama administration conduct an exercise to evaluate the Nation’s preparedness against all phases of foreign fighter planning and travel. Carrying out such a test would be beneficial in understanding how partners at all levels of government—and abroad—are currently responding to these scenarios. The feeble response to ISIS by this administration is irresponsible, and we must take decisive action to defeat this threat that they and other terrorist organizations pose to us. The findings of the exercise required by this legislation will identify weaknesses at home and abroad that might be exploited by terrorists and foreign fighters, particularly to infiltrate the United States to conduct attacks. These findings will also be provided to Congress and Federal law enforcement and intelligence officials and provide information on how we can best address these weaknesses. I am pleased that over the last several months, the House has passed numerous pieces of legislation that were products of this bipartisan task force’s work, including some recommendations that are now law. Passage of the Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act today represents continued action by this body to fight against ISIS and ensure we keep Americans safe. I want to thank Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON for establishing the Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. I would also like to thank the chairman of the task force, Congressman KATKO , for his leadership and the other Members who served on the task force for their continued dedication to seeing our recommendations through. I look forward to implementation of many more of the task force’s findings. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this commonsense, bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 9, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 4404, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016’’. This legislation, as amended by the Committee on homeland Security, includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 4404, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Committee report for H.R. 4404, as well as in the Congressional Record dining House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4404, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in 
this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. KEATING. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4404, the Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act, sponsored by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ), a colleague on the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. Speaker, the threats our communities face are evolving rapidly, and we need to make sure our communities are prepared to respond. My community knows all too well the benefit exercises have on the ability of first responders to do their jobs safely and effectively. The year before the Boston Marathon bombings, through the UASI grant, Boston participated in Urban Shield, a 24hour exercise during which responders were rotated through various training scenarios. More than 1,800 emergency response personnel from over 50 Federal, State, and local agencies participated. The goal of Urban Shield was to assess capabilities achieved through grant investments, improve proficiency at core capabilities, and identify capability gaps. Prior to that, the city of Boston participated in a Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop, where more than 200 participants from Federal, State, and local governments took part in a 24hourlong integrated response exercise in which multiple coordinated assaults were simulated, much like the terrorist attacks in India in November of 2008. Regarding that 2011 exercise, then Police Commissioner Ed Davis said: ‘‘This workshop is like no other terrorism training exercise in which I’ve participated. The diversity of voices provides for robust and honest discussion about the common challenges we face—and new solutions necessary to address them.’’ These and other exercises supported by the Urban Areas Security Initiative grant funds are what prepared our first responders to respond so bravely and heroically and effectively to the Boston Marathon bombings. As we are learning through events in San Bernardino, Orlando, and abroad, the tactics of our adversaries are constantly changing, and we must ensure our first responders have the training they need to address them. H.R. 4404 requires the DHS Secretary to carry out an exercise related to terrorist and foreign fighter travel. Additionally, the bill ensures that FEMA and FEMA’s National Exercise Program includes scenarios designed, to the extent practicable, to include emerging terrorist threats. To be clear, this language would not require FEMA’s National Exercise Program to focus exclusively on terrorist threats but, rather, seeks to ensure that FEMA continues to develop exercises that are responsive to threats as they emerge. In light of recent events, it is critical that we emphasize preparedness to evolving terrorist threats. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4404. Mr. Speaker, one thing we learned in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings is that training and preparatory exercises contribute to preparedness. The lessons learned from the first responder exercise that occurred in Boston prior to the bombings saved lives. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4404 so that our first responders will continue to benefit from exercises that are responsive to the evolving threat environment. I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) for her work in this regard. I am proud to be a cosponsor and proud to have the bipartisan effort that we do, as a whole, in the Committee on Homeland Security to try to work hard together to make our country safer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4404. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts and our other colleagues for their cosponsorship of this. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4404, the Terrorist and Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016, which requires the Department of Homeland Security to develop and conduct an exercise related to the terrorist and foreign fighter threat in order to enhance domestic preparedness for the collective response to terrorism. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I understand that threats to homeland security are increasing and being prepared to defeat them is of the utmost importance. It is estimated that 250 U.S. citizens are among the number of foreign recruits who have traveled to Syria since the beginning of the conflict. In 2014, the total number of foreign fighters entering Syria was estimated to be 14,000. This disturbing news coupled with the massive migration of people seeking to flee from war torn Syria now entering Europe by the thousands raises important concerns regarding security. H.R. 4404 requires the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to develop and carry out national exercises to evaluate the nation’s preparedness against the threat of foreign fighters and terrorists. Under this legislation, FEMA would develop and conduct an exercise to test the ability to respond to the threat of persons leaving the United States to provide material or support to terrorist organizations or of foreign fighters attempting to enter the United States. I have on several prior occasions outlined several areas of particular concern regarding Worldwide Threats and Homeland Security Challenges. The United States has seen several instances of domestic terrorism at the hands of U.S. citizens within our borders, such as the tragedies in San Bernardino, Orlando, and most recently, Dallas. In response to these tragedies, it is our duty to address issues surrounding domestic violence at the hands of extremists and the availability of assault weapons. H.R. 4404 is a positive step in the right direction and I urge its support by all members. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express concern with a provision of H.R. 4404, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016’’, as amended. Although I appreciate the intent of this legislation, I believe section 3 of the bill should be clarified to avoid unintended consequences. The Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) National Exercise Program (Program) tests and evaluates the Nation’s preparedness goal, systems, plans and strategies for all hazards. The main objective of the Program is to examine and validate core capabilities to perform missions and functions that prevent, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate all hazards. All hazards include terrorist attacks. From the outcome of the exercises, we are able to determine the progress made in reaching the National Preparedness Goal. I am concerned because H.R. 4404 may be interpreted to mandate that the Program focus on emerging terrorist threats. On its face, the provision mandating that FEMA shall, to the extent practicable, design the Program to include emerging terrorist threats could be interpreted to limit FEMA’s ability to design exercises for all hazards, instead requiring a specific scenario for Program exercises. I do not believe that this is Congress’ intent and urge FEMA to interpret the bill broadly. Natural disasters cause devastating impacts to our citizens, communities, and the Nation as a whole. Each year, the Federal Government spends hundreds of millions of dollars (if not billions of dollars) responding to and recovering from weatherrelated events. The amount that the Federal Government spends on natural disasters is increasing as a percentage of our gross domestic product and as a percentage of the Federal budget. Being prepared for these events helps the Nation reduce injury, death, and property damage. We need to ensure that the National Exercise Program continues to test our preparedness for natural events. Similarly, testing our capabilities for emerging terrorist threats is a worthy endeavor. It should and already does occur. I do not believe that the intent of section 3 of the bill is that all Program exercises must include emerging terrorist threats. Rather, the bill provides that our capabilities to handle emerging terrorist threats can and should be tested within the Program. Any other interpretation would undermine the progress that the Nation has made to prepare for all hazards, including natural disasters and terrorist attacks. In addition, it should be noted that FEMA is already required, at least once every two years, to perform a national level exercise to test and evaluate the Nation’s capability to detect, disrupt, and prevent threatened or actual 
catastrophic acts of terrorism, or to test and evaluate the readiness of governments to respond to and recover from catastrophic incidents. Both of these requirements can include exercises for emerging terrorist threats. As this bill moves to the other body, I hope that we can work together to clarify the purpose and intent of section 3 of this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4404, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COLA ACT OF 2016 Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5588) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with service connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5588 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation COLA Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on H.R. 5588. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have introduced H.R. 5588, the Veterans’ Compensation COLA Act of 2016. This bill would provide a costofliving increase for wartime disability compensation, additional compensation for dependents, clothing allowance, dependency and indemnity compensation to surviving spouses, and dependency and indemnity compensation to children paid to our wounded warriors and their families for injuries they suffered while serving in uniform for our Nation. Many of these veterans are suffering from serious conditions, such as traumatic brain injury, that may make it difficult for them to find gainful employment and provide for their families, and this clean costofliving increase will help them keep pace with inflation. Benefits are also paid to the spouses and children of those who have tragically made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of this great Nation. H.R. 5588 would give veterans and their families the same costofliving increase that Social Security recipients receive. The men and women who were disabled as a result of their military service should not have to struggle to put food on the table and pay for housing and other necessities. Members on both sides of the aisle have historically supported legislation that provides an annual COLA for disabled veterans because we know it is the right thing to do. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5588. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5588, the Veterans’ Compensation COLA Act of 2016. This bill is our annual veterans costof living adjustment. It would ensure that, beginning on December 1, 2016, our disabled veterans receive the same increases as those receiving Social Security benefits. Specifically, H.R. 5588 directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the rates of basic compensation for disabled veterans and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation, or DIC, to their survivors and dependents. It also increases other benefits, such as clothing allowance and wartime disability, to keep pace with the rising cost of living. This bill sends a strong and important message that we are going to honor our commitment to supporting our veterans. This is the least we can do to repay their service. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) for his kind words and his support. I have no speakers, so once again, I just encourage all Members to support H.R. 5588. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I, too, have no additional speakers. I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for his work on this issue. It is a pleasure working with him in committee. I once again ask all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5588 and the Veterans’ Compensation COLA Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5588, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation COLA Act of 2016,’’ which authorizes for the Department of Veterans Affairs to increase the rates of compensation for veterans. As the friends, family, coworkers and neighbors to veterans, we have an obligation to ensure that they feel their service to this country is appreciated by their fellow Americans. These honorable men and women are major contributors to our military presence and many have given their lives to keep our nation safe. In the State of Texas we have 1,099,141 veterans under the age of 65 and 590,618 who are over the age of 65—there are over 1,689,759 veterans living in our state. The 18th Congressional District has 20,607 under age 65 and 9,844 veterans over the age of 65. H.R. 5588 increases the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities. Additionally, the bill provides for an increase in the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans and surviving spouses and children. The increase will be the same percentage as that provided under title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5588. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MARCELINO SERNA PORT OF ENTRY Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5252) to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry.’’ The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5252 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5252, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5252, to designate the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the Marcelino Serna Port of Entry. Private Serna was a brave veteran who selflessly honored his country. He demonstrated courage, bravery, and heroism in battle, risking his life to save his fellow soldiers, and became the most decorated World War I veteran from the State of Texas. I am honored to stand here today, as a veteran and a fellow Texan, to pay tribute to this brave American. I congratulate my colleague, Mr. HURD of Texas, for his leadership in introducing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1600 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5252. Private Marcelino Serna was an undocumented Mexican immigrant who became the most decorated soldier from Texas in World War I, and the first Hispanic to be awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, the highest military decoration of the United States Army after the Medal of Honor. By designating this port in his name, his exemplary service to our country is fully recognized. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill to honor this great American. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our nation was founded by and built upon the blood, sweat, and tears of immigrants. Today, I want to honor one particular immigrant, U.S. Army Private Marcelino Serna, the most decorated World War I Veteran from Texas. The heroic story of Private Serna, an immigrant from Mexico, began when he volunteered for the U.S. Army during World War I. After a brief training, Serna was sent overseas to join the Allied Powers in Europe. Upon arrival, it came to light that he was not a U.S. citizen. Serna had the option of withdrawing from the fight. Instead, he decided to stay and fight together with his fellow soldiers. During his time abroad, Serna’s dedication and bravery stood out with acts worthy of a Medal of Honor. While he did not receive the Medal of Honor during his lifetime, he is currently being reviewed to receive it now. During the war, Serna was injured in a confrontation that left twelve of his companions dead. He continued to fight, chasing those who had attacked them, managing to capture eight German soldiers. In another confrontation, Serna managed to capture twentyfour enemy soldiers alone. Upon discovering a sniper’s position, Serna shot and wounded him. As the soldier fled to his base, Serna decided to follow him. After discovering the base, Serna attacked, killed 26 enemy soldiers, and forced another 24 to surrender. Without a doubt, these two examples of heroism demonstrated his dedication and commitment to the fight, but there is more to Serna’s story. As he led the prisoners back to the Allied base, some of his fellow soldiers suggested that they should be executed. Serna refused to allow this. Alongside his courage, he possessed a remarkable sense of honor. For his extraordinary acts of valor, Serna was awarded two Purple Hearts and the Distinguished Service Cross, the second highest military honor after the Medal of Honor. This bill serves to commend his bravery by renaming the Tornillo Port of Entry in honor of Pvt. Marcelino Serna, who lived in the area and is buried with full military honors at Fort Bliss National Cemetery in El Paso. The TornilloMarcelino Serna Port of Entry will not only honor this extraordinary man’s service to our nation, it will serve as a reminder of the countless MexicanAmerican immigrants who have fought valiantly to keep our nation safe. Their contributions and sacrifices will not be ignored or forgotten. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM JOHNSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5252. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL GEORGE C. MARSHALL MUSEUM AND LIBRARY Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 138) designating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 138 Whereas General George C. Marshall served as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, and Secretary of Defense; Whereas General George C. Marshall was promoted to General of the Army in 1944, one of only five Army fivestar generals in the history of the United States; Whereas General George C. Marshall was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1946 for his military strategy and vital role during World War II; Whereas General George C. Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 for developing the European economic recovery strategy known as the Marshall Plan; Whereas the George C. Marshall Foundation was established in 1953 and is devoted to preserving the legacy of General George C. Marshall through educational scholarship programs and facilities; Whereas the George C. Marshall Foundation opened the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in 1964 in Lexington, Virginia, on the post of the Virginia Military Institute, which is the alma mater of General George C. Marshall; Whereas the George C. Marshall Museum educates the public about the military and diplomatic contributions of General George C. Marshall through extensive exhibits; and Whereas the George C. Marshall Research Library maintains the most comprehensive collection of records documenting the life and leadership of General George C. Marshall: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress designates the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT). 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 138. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 138, a resolution that designates the George C. Marshall Museum and the George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. General George C. Marshall was a soldier, a statesman, and a peacemaker. General Marshall served as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, and Secretary of Defense. He was promoted to General of the Army in 1944. He was one of only five individuals in our Nation’s history to rise to the rank of a fivestar general in the United States Army. He was also awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1946 for his military strategy and vital role during World War II. He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 for developing the European economic recovery strategy, known as the Marshall Plan, which was absolutely essential to bringing peace to the European continent. The George C. Marshall Foundation was created in 1953 to honor the legacy of George C. Marshall and his contributions to our Nation and the world during many of the key events of the 20th century. The Foundation preserves this legacy through educational scholarship programs and facilities. The George C. Marshall Foundation opened the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in 1964, in Lexington, Virginia, on the post of the Virginia Military Institute, which is the alma mater of General Marshall. The library provides scholars with a documented record of the life of General Marshall and his public service, and the museum shares his inspiring story with visitors through exhibitions, artifacts, and educational programming. General Marshall’s contributions to our Nation cannot be overstated, and I hope to see this resolution adopted to designate the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library, which works so hard to highlight and share these contributions, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. It is a small, yet fitting, tribute to a man who spent a lifetime faithfully and courageously serving his country. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 138, a resolution designating the George C. Marshall Museum and the George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. This concurrent resolution was introduced by my friend and colleague, BOBGOODLATTE , and is cosponsored by the entire Virginia delegation. General George C. Marshall is a national hero and a distinguished public servant. The George C. Marshall Museum and Library is located in Lexington, Virginia, on the post of the Virginia Military Institute, the alma matter of General Marshall. General Marshall served our country with distinction as the Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, president of the American Red Cross, and Secretary of Defense. He is one of only five Army fivestar generals in United States history. After World War II, General Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 for his role in developing the European Recovery Program, which is now widely known as the Marshall Plan. The Marshall Plan contributed to European integration and growth in the aftermath of World War II. Mr. Speaker, as the holder of the George C. Marshall Papers and with a mission to collect, preserve, and share information regarding the life and career of General Marshall, it is appropriate to designate the George C. Marshall Museum as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. I urge my colleagues to support the concurrent resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both gentlemen from Virginia for their support of this legislation. I rise today to urge passage of H. Con. Res. 138. This resolution would designate the George C. Marshall Museum and the George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. General George Catlett Marshall dedicated his life to public service, serving honorably in the United States Army as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, and Secretary of Defense. From his allied plan to storm the beaches of Normandy to his European economic recovery strategy known as the Marshall Plan, his leadership changed the world. The history of the United States and the global community would be a different place if not for the contributions of General Marshall. At the recommendation of former President Harry Truman, the Marshall Foundation was established in 1953. On May 23, 1964, the Marshall Museum and Library was dedicated on the post of the Virginia Military Institute, General Marshall’s alma mater. For over 50 years, the Marshall Foundation has devoted its mission to educating the public about the important contributions of General Marshall. The museum has five extensive exhibits and houses General Marshall’s 1953 Nobel Peace Prize. The research library collects, preserves, and shares the largest collection of documents pertaining to General Marshall’s life. Just this year, the Marshall Foundation reached a huge milestone with the completion of the Papers of George Catlett Marshall. This project began in 1977, with the goal to create a published record of every document that General Marshall produced. The final project consists of seven volumes and includes 4,260 documents spanning over 5,666 pages. In addition to its extensive research work, the Marshall Foundation provides educational opportunities for college students and future military leaders. The Marshall Undergraduate Scholars Program sends college history students to the Marshall Foundation to conduct primary research in the library’s archives. The Marshall Army ROTC Award Seminar also provides the top ROTC cadet at each college in the United States the opportunity to participate in a national security conference with fellow award recipients and current Army leaders. The MarshallArnold Air Force ROTC Award Seminar provides a similar opportunity to top senior cadets at each college with an Air Force ROTC program. Last year, the Marshall Foundation began the Marshall Legacy Series. This is a 3year series of exhibits, lectures, and events to showcase General Marshall’s contributions during the 20th century and connect those contributions to today’s world. This is just a snapshot of the important work the Marshall Foundation conducts to honor and preserve the legacy of General Marshall. I am honored to have such an important facility in my district, the Sixth Congressional District of Virginia. General Marshall once said: ‘‘Sincerity, integrity, and tolerance are, to my mind, the first requirements of many to a fine, strong character.’’ I applaud the Marshall Foundation’s work in sharing Marshall’s vision and character with a new generation of Americans. I urge passage of this resolution to honor one of America’s most sincere and distinguished public servants by congressionally designating 
the museum and library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our colleague from Roanoke for his leadership and the entire Virginia delegation for supporting the resolution. I urge support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I am pleased we are advancing a bipartisan proposal today, one that means a great deal to the people in my home State of Virginia and to my fellow Members from Virginia here with us today, to designate the George C. Marshall Museum and the George C. Marshall Library as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. We do this to honor a great American hero and his enduring legacy. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 138. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STRENGTHENING TRANSPARENCY IN HIGHER EDUCATION ACT Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3178) to simplify and streamline the information regarding institutions of higher education made publicly available by the Secretary of Education, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3178 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RIGELL ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. b1615 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3178. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3178, the Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. For many Americans, access to higher education is a critical step in achieving the American Dream. However, as young men and women enter into the college selection process, they are too often faced with a complex maze of options, a lack of clear and consistent information, and a complicated and burdensome financial aid system. Congress made a number of reforms in 2008 to provide students and their families with more information on colleges and universities. Students are now better equipped to make informed decisions about where they choose to pursue a postsecondary education. But, unfortunately, some of these initiatives have only added to confusion faced by students and families as they make their higher education decisions, so more needs to be done. Too often, information that is available does not take into account the number of current students who enroll in higher education and lacks other important crucial information that may impact the decisions being made by students and their families. That is why Representative FOXXand I, along with many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, have introduced this important legislation. The Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act makes significant improvements to the transparency gaps that currently exist within our current higher education system, including completion rates for Pell grant recipients. It will help ensure all available data is straightforward, useful, and relevant for today’s students. By streamlining the maze of information into a consumertested College Dashboard, we can provide better information on enrollment, completion rates, and average student loan debt. Students can more easily form sideby side comparisons of the colleges and universities that they are considering. Currently, the Secretary of Education is only required to publish information on firsttime students who attend class fulltime, ignoring a large part of the current college population. This legislation will ensure available information is better reflective of all students, both traditional and contemporary, and new and prospective students have a clearer picture of all options that are available to them. The Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act takes steps to improve coordination among Federal agencies by requiring the Secretary of Education to work with other departments and agencies to ensure that any information related to higher education that they publish is consistent with the College Dashboard. This will help to avoid duplicative efforts and reduce confusion for students. With these reforms, we can ensure that students have all the information they need to make the best decisions for their futures. By working together, we can help make the dream of obtaining a college degree a reality for more Americans. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3178, the Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act, and I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana for joining me today in managing the bill. I want to also thank Ms. FOXX, chair of the Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training, for her hard work on this bill. I also want to thank our chairman, JOHN KLINE, and ranking member, BOBBY SCOTT, for their leadership. No matter which side of the aisle we are on, we can all agree that, by helping people get an education, we are benefiting both the individual and the American economy. In today’s world, getting an education means more than grade school and high school; it means higher education as well. H.R. 3178 will help more Americans get a college education, and it does so by helping college students and potential college students and their families get more of the information they need to make the tough financial decision that go along with a college education. With more than 7,000 colleges and universities nationwide to choose from, the college application process can be quite overwhelming for students and their families. H.R. 3178 helps to bridge the information gap by creating a new online tool for students and families called the College Dashboard, to be managed by the U.S. Department of Education. This Web site will replace the cumbersome College Navigator and compile information submitted by institutions on enrollment, graduation rates, costs, financial aid, and faculty status. The bill will also streamline existing efforts at the Federal level to reduce confusion, and require better coordination by Federal agencies to avoid duplication. A bill like H.R. 3178 is particularly important for students in America who come from areas like the one I represent, the Northern Mariana Islands, that are geographically remote. Students from my district cannot hop in the car with their parents and drive around the country looking at colleges. It costs thousands of dollars to fly off island, as we say; and for families who come from some of the poorer areas of our Nation, like the one I represent, those thousands of dollars that would be spent to look at colleges would be better spent paying tuition, buying books, or covering the cost of room and board. Having more information readily available about the cost of any particular college and the return on investment that graduates of that college can expect is also critically important for students and families who often are investing in a college education for the first time. Making an investment like that for families that have never sent anyone to college is a leap of faith, a huge risk, and if we can help reduce the risk, or give those families a better sense of the value of the financial sacrifices they will have to make to pay for college, then we should do so. By supplying key information about the colleges online on the College Dashboard, as this measure does, it would help bridge the geographic and socioeconomic gaps that can be a barrier for bright, hardworking, and ambitious students everywhere in America to get a college degree. When we can do that, we are helping these individuals have a more productive, satisfying life, and we are helping our Nation remain productive and competitive in our world economy. Again, I want to thank Chairwoman FOXXfor the opportunity to work with her on this important and meaningful legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3178, the Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands for his leadership on this important bill and all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on this bipartisan legislation. Going through the college decision application process should be an experience students look forward to as they plan the next stage of their lives. The Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act makes the reforms necessary to ensure the information available to students is more accessible, relevant, and helpful as they go through that process. I am pleased with the good work we have been able to do here on Capitol Hill. 
HBCU CAPITAL FINANCING IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5530) to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to modify certain provisions relating to the capital financing of historically Black colleges and universities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5530 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) and the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5530. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5530, the HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5530 is one of a number of bills on the floor today with a common purpose: improving our country’s higher education system— something that has been a priority of mine for a very long time. As a member of the Alabama State Board of Education and as chancellor of the Alabama Department of Postsecondary Education, I worked to ensure that schools in our State were preparing students to succeed. As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I have continued that focus and worked to deliver solutions that will provide all students with the quality education they deserve, and that is why I stand here today. An important part of helping students succeed is making sure schools and institutions have what they need to serve them well. That is exactly what H.R. 5530 will do. The bill reforms a program known as the HBCU Capital Financing Program. Congress created this program to provide Historically Black Colleges and Universities with lowcost capital they can use to make infrastructure improvements. It acts as a loan guarantee program so that these institutions can finance or refinance repairs, renovations, and construction on their campuses. The program also includes an advisory board that is intended to inform the Department of Education on the capital needs of HBCUs, how those needs can be met through the program, and how the program can be improved. H.R. 5530 will improve access to the HBCU Capital Financing Program by helping schools better understand the resources available to them. It will also strengthen the oversight program, reinforcing the duties of its advisory board by requiring it to report annually to Congress on the program’s financial health. These are simple reforms that will help HBCUs better serve their students and ensure taxpayer dollars are being wellspent. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Alabama also for serving as cochair of the bipartisan HBCU Caucus and cosponsoring this bill. I am here today to encourage all of my colleagues to support the HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act. This bipartisan legislation seeks to offset inequities faced by Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the private bond market by making improvements to the HBCU Capital Financing Program, a program that provides lowcost capital to finance infrastructure improvements at HBCUs. 
This bill also makes technical changes to the program, such as changing the name of an account to more adequately describe the purpose of the fund. The simple change in name may increase participation by public HBCUs which otherwise may have been discouraged from participating. The HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act also provides additional support to institutions interested in participating but unable to meet the program’s financial requirements. This bill allows the Department of Education to offer financial counseling to interested HBCUs, in addition to the technical assistance already provided by the agency through the program. The HBCU Capital Financing Program provides integral investments to HBCUs, allowing them to provide students with enhanced learning and living environments, rebuild and restructure historic buildings, and provide jobs in communities. b1630 Without this important program, many HBCUs would be unable to maintain their campuses and make the improvements necessary to serve their student populations. Additionally, this financing program has been an effective tool, and it has exhibited very limited risk to the Federal Government and taxpayers. I hope these changes will encourage and help more HBCUs take advantage of the capital financing program, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I hope the public is seeing as they watch this and all our colleagues are learning, all of these higher education bills are moving with bipartisan support. Either you have a Democratic sponsor and a Republican cosponsor or a Republican sponsor and a Democratic cosponsor. As they passed through our committee, they passed unanimously, which just goes to show that there are things that we in this Congress can work on together in a bipartisan fashion to make improvements for the American people. I hope that we will build on what we are doing today on these very important pieces of higher education legislation not just in our committee, but throughout the Congress because the American people sent us here to work together to get their problems solved and help them improve their lives. I think it is a very important idea we advance in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to simply close by saying that I want to thank Congressman BYRNE and all the committee for their support of this important legislation and to all of our bipartisan cosponsors as well because what we have here, this legislation will definitely make improvements to the HBCU capital financing program which ultimately supports our HBCUs. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to thank Representative ADAMS  for her leadership on the issue of HBCUs in general, for her leadership in the bipartisan caucus, and for advancing this particular piece of legislation. I want to thank all of our colleagues that worked with us not just on this legislation, but through the other work of the caucus. HBCUs are an integral part of our higher education system in America, and I am proud of the work we have done to address the unique challenges they face. I look forward to continuing that work as we advance legislation like the HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act. By enhancing an existing program, H.R. 5530, will help these institutions make worthwhile investments that will benefit their students and the United States of America for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I rise in support of H.R. 5530, ‘‘HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act’’ and thank my good friend Congresswoman ADAMS for her leadership on this important bill. In particular, this bill strengthens and streamlines capital financing of historically Black colleges and universities, and bolsters the welfare of these institutions by providing financial counseling and technical assistance to qualified schools. This legislation will help lay the foundation needed to develop critical solutions to meet current and emerging needs, like student retention and improving graduation rates. As the founder and chair of the Children’s Caucus and Member of the Congressional Black Caucus, I am particularly concerned about the events of the last few days and weeks that highlight a national problem that involves the health and wellbeing of young African American boys and young men. One important solution must be access to affordable quality education for every person in this nation. HBCUs graduate far more than their share of African American professionals. While the 105 HBCUs represent just 3 percent of the nation’s institutions of higher learning, they graduate nearly one quarter of African Americans who earn undergraduate degrees. I am proud that Texas Southern University one of the nation’s great HBCU is a constituent in my home city of Houston. I routinely partner with Texas Southern University to promote education opportunities and collaborate on community projects routinely. H.R. 5530 will help facilitate my work with Texas Southern University and other HBCUs by expanding the financial opportunities they need. America’s HBCUs have a proud and solid tradition. Scattered throughout the nation, many of these institutions of higher learning have fostered the academic development of African Americans for over a century. Since their inception, HBCUs have furthered the development of African Americans who have become leaders in science, health, government, business, and education, the military, law, and world affairs including: Booker T. Washington, Founder of Tuskegee Institute Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King; Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall; World renowned opera singer Leontyne Price; Media mogul Oprah Winfrey; And Congresswoman Barbara Jordan of Texas Mr. Speaker, we must continue to provide our strong support to HBCUs so that every citizen can enjoy a future of hope and opportunity. We commend these great institutions as they build on a foundation of continued success for every college student. Graduates of HBCUs have made great contributions to our society, and America, and they continue to serve as role models for all Americans. Most Americans agree that education provides the best chance of preparing today’s youth to lead the Nation throughout the next century. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the importance of National Historically Black Colleges and Universities and help strengthening them by continued funding these critical institutions and ensuring our nation’s youth have access to quality education. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5530, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EMPOWERING STUDENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FINANCIAL COUNSELING ACT Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3179) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3179 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3179. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3179, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. Mr. Speaker, as a member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I was pleased to introduce a bipartisan bill that will help address a number of challenges Americans face 
as they pursue their dream of higher education. As students and families explore all of the available options when trying to choose the right college or university, they face a daunting number of difficult choices, especially when it comes to financing their education. Deciding how to pay for college is an important decision that could have a lasting impact on a student’s finances—long after he or she graduates and enters the workforce. Unfortunately, current policies that are supposed to promote the financial literacy of aid recipients often leave students and their families in the dark. Here is a troubling statistic: in a survey of current students and recent graduates who are carrying a high level of student loan debt, more than 40 percent couldn’t remember ever receiving financial counseling—even though it was required before receiving their first loan. With college costs on the rise, we need to do more to help students and their families make informed, responsible decisions when it comes to financing a postsecondary education. That is why I, along with Representatives ALLEN and B ONAMICI , introduced H.R. 3179. This bipartisan legislation will provide Americans with the tools they need to better understand their financial aid options and obligations. By improving the timing and frequency of financial counseling, the bill will empower students and parents to make smart decisions about how to pay for their education and avoid unnecessary financial hardship down the road. The bill will require student and parent borrowers to receive financial counseling before even agreeing to a loan, helping them understand the responsibilities they are taking on before they sign on the dotted line. The bill also enhances the quality of the counseling, ensuring it is tailored to a borrower’s unique needs and circumstances. The same is true for certain students who rely on Pell grants to finance their education. Under this legislation, students who receive a Pell grant but never receive a Federal student loan would also have to receive annual counseling to ensure they are aware of the grant’s terms and conditions. Just as importantly, this bill will bolster exit counseling to help student borrowers understand their responsibilities as they leave school. This legislation will help ensure students understand their options and obligations when they begin their college careers and when they graduate. While it is important for students and parents to understand their functional obligations, it is important for them to understand their financial options as well. For example, while Federal loans have a number of benefits for borrowers, certain State, nonprofit, and private loans may actually have more beneficial annual percentage rates, particularly at the graduate and parent levels. An accurate comparison is important because it will allow students and parents to make the decision that is best for them. Together, these and other reforms in the bill will empower students and their families to make informed, responsible decisions when deciding how to finance their higher education. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3179, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, a bill my colleague, Representative BONAMICI , has been a leader on. A college degree remains one of the best investments a person can make to improve their skills and widen economic opportunities. At the same time, the decision to go to college also represents one of the most expensive decisions families can make. Many students and their families go into this process without the proper information to make this choice. The student debt crisis is, in part, a crisis in financial literacy where students lack knowledge about repayment plans that can help them affordably manage their student debt. Through legislation passed by Congress and regulations implemented by President Obama, most students taking out loans today can already cap their loan payments at an affordable 10 percent of their discretionary income. Yet students are often unaware of these repayment options. H.R. 3179 is a critical step in the right direction, filling a financial literacy gap faced by too many student aid recipients. This act provides better upfront, ongoing, and exit counseling information on financial aid and student debt so that students can make more informed choices of how to finance their education and always know how much they will owe. This legislation also allows borrowers to receive important counseling that private loans are not as generous as Federal loans and are informed of their rights as a consumer when taking out a private loan. There are many steps which need to be taken to address college affordability, and I am pleased to support this commonsense measure. I appreciate the leadership of my colleague from Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his hard work on this and so many other bills in the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of this package of legislation. This bill is one of several bipartisan reforms the House is considering today that will help strengthen higher education and put more Americans on a path to success. A quality education is crucial to succeeding in today’s workforce. Unfortunately, our costly, bureaucratic, and outdated higher education system leaves too many Americans behind. We all know the tough challenges that exist. College costs continue to rise. A dizzying maze of student aid programs discourages students from pursuing a degree or credential. Complex Federal rules impede innovation and make it harder for students to pursue a degree more quickly and at less cost. The net result is that it has become harder and harder for Americans to realize the dream of a higher education. Without the skills and knowledge they need to succeed in the workforce, many men and women struggle to find good paying jobs and earn a living that provides for their families. Those who are fortunate enough to earn a degree are often saddled with student debt they can’t afford and unprepared to start their careers in an increasingly competitive and changing economy. We have to do better, Mr. Speaker. We have to open more doors to opportunity and help more Americans reach their full potential. The bipartisan package of higher education reforms we are considering is a positive step toward achieving that goal. Together, these reforms will empower students and their parents to make informed decisions, simplify and improve the student aid process, enhance existing support for institutions serving minority students, and ensure strong accountability for taxpayer dollars. We have more work to do to strengthen higher education, but today we are making important progress. I want to thank my Republican and Democratic colleagues for putting their differences aside and working together to help more Americans pursue their dream of a college degree. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support these important proposals. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I want to remind my colleagues about the importance of this legislation. With today’s struggling economy and the cost of college rising, it is more important than ever for students and their families to make decisions that will help them succeed, not set them up for failure. That includes decisions on how to pay for college. The Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act will provide students and parents with the tools and information they need to make financially responsible decisions every step of the way. 
This is a bipartisan piece of legislation with my good friends, Mr. ALLEN  and Ms. BONAMICI . I am glad to be on the floor with my friend, Mr. POCAN , who I believe has a very big university in his district. He is from Madison. I thank him for doing that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3179, ‘‘Empowering Students through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act,’’ which amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize $2 million allocated for activities related to student loan counseling. Financial literacy and consumer awareness is very crucial for all loan borrowers, especially for our youth. The loan will provide counseling of federal Pell Grant recipients with comprehensive information on the loan terms and conditions, as well as testing these students on their knowledge of this information before accepting the grant. Students receiving any Federal Loans would be notified of the loan conditions, informing them on the amount, eligibility, exhaustion, and consequences of borrowing the loan. An important aspect of this procedure includes a requirement for the borrowers to receive the contact information for the institution’s financial aid office. I have college students interning in my office, who have taken out loans for their education and these are the largest sums they have borrowed in their lifetime. One student did not know that completing the FAFSA would automatically grant her a Federal Stafford Loan, and she did not find out about her loan until she received a job at her institution’s financial aid office. Mr. Speaker, taking this example into account, educated students across the nation are not as familiar with the process and terms of Financial Aid and loans as they should be or as we ought to think they are. Through H.R. 3179, firsttime borrowers will receive statements with interest rates and repayment plan options. This legislation will educate the individuals seeking an education on how to finance their studies. This legislation will also create jobs in underserved areas as well. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3179, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SIMPLIFYING THE APPLICATION FOR STUDENT AID ACT Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5528) to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to simplify the FAFSA, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5528 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 5528. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5528, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act. Early last year, I held a roundtable on higher education in my district to help better understand the issues facing students, teachers, and higher ed administrators in Nevada. Nearly everyone in attendance raised the issue of the overly complicated student aid process and, specifically, problems with the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, better known as the FAFSA. Like many aspects of the student aid system, the application for aid can be 
confusing and too complex for many students and families to complete. The FAFSA includes 108 questions, requesting information on everything from the net worth of investments to complicated tax information. Many of these questions rely on data that students do not yet have or are so complicated they deter applicants from even completing the form. It is critically important that students have the information they need to make timely, informed decisions about higher education; that includes information on what aid might be available to help them pursue a college degree and the responsibilities that come with accepting assistance. If the current process deters them from even completing the application for aid, how can students possibly get the help they need? That is why, based on the recommendation of higher ed leaders in Nevada, I began working with some of my colleagues on the committee to reform the FAFSA and improve the student aid application process. The Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act, which I am proud to sponsor with Representatives ROEof Tennessee, POLIS, and P OCAN , is the fruit of that labor and does exactly what the title suggests. It will streamline and improve the application process through a number of commonsense measures, all of which will help students and parents access the financial aid information they need in a timely manner to better understand their higher education payment options. First, it will allow students to use income tax data from 2 years prior to the date of application. Traditionally, the FAFSA has relied on income tax data from the previous year, but that data is not readily available when students should begin filling out their applications. While the Department of Education currently has the authority to allow students to use priorprior year data, the Department only recently began taking advantage of this authority, and only after the introduction of the original legislation on this issue. This bill will ensure students are able to use priorprior year data in the future, allowing them to complete the FAFSA earlier and receive information about their aid options sooner. It will also provide aid administrators more time to verify the income of applicants, both strengthening the integrity of the Federal Student Aid system and enabling administrators to provide students with accurate aid information as soon as possible. Additionally, the legislation will require the Department of Education to allow more applicants to easily import their available income data through the IRS, helping them automatically populate answers to many FAFSA questions with information from their tax returns, making it easier on students and parents to accurately complete the form. The bill will also require that FAFSA be available on a mobile app and require the online and paper versions to be consumer tested. Both of these measures will make the application process easier and more user friendly and will work to ensure that data is protected. By improving the application for student aid, we can help more students make smart decisions about college and realize that a college degree is within reach. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5528, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act. Last year, Representative DOGGETT  of Texas and I led a letter to thenSecretary Duncan regarding the importance of priorprior year FAFSA. Allowing students to use prior years’ tax data means a student can apply for financial aid at the same time they apply for college. This means that students will get information about financial aid, which will help them make their college choice much earlier. This is especially helpful for firstgeneration and atrisk college students who need an accurate picture of a college’s price tag well in advance in order to make their decision. In September, I was happy to see President Obama take executive action to allow for the use of priorprior year tax data for students. The bipartisan bill before us would make this executive action permanent and is an important step toward making college more affordable, ensuring future students are afforded the opportunity to use prior year tax data when filling out the FAFSA form. Additionally, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act will also direct the Department of Education to develop a mobile app for using FAFSA. This will allow millions of Americans who do not have broadband access but do have Internet connectivity on their phones to have access to an electronic version of FAFSA. Finally, this bill will also encourage the Department of Education to study how the Department of Education can better reach out to students with limited English language proficiency when filling out the FAFSA. These are commonsense reforms which need to be made in order to streamline the process for students applying to college. While there is a lot more we can do to tackle college affordability, I am pleased we are moving forward with this important, bipartisan legislation today. I thank the financial aid office at the University of WisconsinMadison for first raising this issue to us, and I also thank the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) for his leadership on this issue. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5528, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act, and I encourage my fellow Members to support it as well. Under this bill, students and parents will be able to apply for financial aid when filling out college applications and will no longer have to wait until they have filed the current year’s tax returns in order to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, form. Prior to this change, some families could not fill out the FAFSA form until they had filled out their taxes in April—or even later, with an extension—and, therefore, many students could not receive financial aid in a timely manner. In a 2013 report from the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators report on using what is called using priorprior year FAFSA data, they found that the expected family contribution of lowincome students does not change much over time and concluded that the potential benefits of using priorprior year data outweighed the potential cost. So last year, President Obama directed the Department of Education to switch to priorprior year on the FAFSA form through executive action. Now, this bill will make that change permanent. Another important provision of the bill will require the Secretary to periodically report to Congress on the needs of limited Englishproficient students. To make sure that a college education is within reach for all students, the Department should make the FAFSA form more accessible to students and families with limited English proficiency. Mr. Speaker, research has unfortunately shown us that too many students fail to attend college simply because of the complexity of the FAFSA form. This simplification will make it possible for them to fill out the form and to achieve their dream of achieving higher education. We know how important higher education is, and I am pleased that we could come together in a bipartisan fashion to make these important changes. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5528, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act. I have the great privilege of representing Colorado’s major research universities: Colorado State University in Fort Collins, and the University of Colorado flagship campus in Boulder, Colorado. When I speak with financial aid offices and students who receive financial aid at both institutions, one of the first priorities and issues I hear about is how we can allow students to 
complete the FAFSA and hear back earlier. The FAFSA was initially created to help open the doors and make college within reach for more students; but unfortunately, too often, it has grown unwieldy, and students are forced to make decisions about where they go and whether they go to college before even knowing how much aid they are scheduled to receive. Under this legislation, students will be able to complete the FAFSA several months earlier than they do now—very important. And the bill also links data with the IRS data retrieval tool, so information can populate automatically in the FAFSA form. These changes alone will go a long way toward making the process for completing the FAFSA simpler and easier. I am proud to have worked with Representatives POCAN , ROEof Tennessee, and HECKof Nevada to have introduced this bill, and I am very excited it is coming before the floor for a vote. Now, this bill is important. It is a good, bipartisan first step, but it is one of many things that Congress needs to do to improve college access and the completion rate for students. For example, allowing students to take college courses in high school could significantly reduce the overall price they pay for college. When a student takes dual enrollment courses, they are more likely to attend college and less likely to need remedial courses. We have high schools in my home State and in my district where students graduate high school with an associate’s degree at essentially no cost to them, thanks to dual enrollment. We also need to look at innovative learning models, like competency based education, which allows students to progress through their degree based on what they know instead of seat time. This model provides a more flexible path to a degree. It could be higher quality, less expensive, and more challenging than a traditional program. Another key part of reducing the cost of college is confronting the cost of materials. A student in Colorado spends an average of $1,200 a year on textbooks alone. Open source textbooks, which are openly licensed and free to use, can eliminate that cost. In order to address these ideas, reforms, and more, we need a comprehensive reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. A reauthorization will take Democrats and Republicans working together, just like we did on this bill, which is an important first step. I am hopeful that, in the coming months, members of the Education and the Workforce Committee can begin to lay the groundwork for a reauthorization of the HEA that truly helps make college more affordable and meets the changing needs of a global economy. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I thank, again, Representatives ROEof Tennessee, P OLIS, and POCAN for their leadership in bringing this commonsense bill to the floor today. I thank all of our colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee for their work to strengthen the country’s higher education system. Too many individuals already think the dream of a higher education could never become a reality for them. Too many others are discouraged by a system that is too confusing, too bureaucratic, and too outdated. The Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act and the other higher education bills on the floor today will deliver important reforms that Americans need. This bill will help students and parents better understand their postsecondary options and empower them to make timely financial decisions about their education. I urge my colleagues to support this education. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5528 the ‘‘Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act’’ which aims to strengthen, improve, and streamline student aid process. Access to quality education is a key factor in securing a successful and bright future. For many students and families, federal financial aid is the only means of making postsecondary education possible. In times of economic adversity and uncertainty across the United States, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act ensures that students and families are supported in realizing their education goals. A student’s application process starts when he or she submits the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students who wish to enroll in fall classes are encouraged to begin applying for aid in January. However, the FAFSA relies on income tax data from the previous year that is not readily available at the time students should start filling out their applications. This flawed process results in significant delays in the submission of FAFSA forms, which leaves financial aid administrators little time to put together aid packages for incoming students. More importantly, students do not learn in a timely manner what their financial aid packages will ultimately be, which makes it more difficult to plan for the cost of their education. The current application runs 10 pages long and includes 108 questions on topics such as income, expenses, family size, and assets. As part of an effort to reauthorize the Higher Education Act, the bipartisan legislation will help students make timely financial decisions about their education. In addition this bill will allow students to use family income data from two years prior to the date of the FAFSA application. Establishes a link between the online FAFSA form and income tax data stored by the Internal Revenue Service to automatically input income data into the FAFSA form, reducing the need to manually input information that often prevents lowincome students from applying for aid. And most importantly, strengthens the integrity of federal financial aid by providing institutions more time to verify the income of their students. As the country continues to work through some of the most difficult economic conditions in a generation, it is imperative that we increase our investment in education. If we are truly going to compete against emerging nations like China and India, we must continue to invest in our education system. I am proud to represent Houston, Texas which is home to several prestigious universities and dozens of community and technical colleges. With such an emphasis on higher education, we have long been working to become a leader in producing workers for the 21st century economy. This crucial legislation will build on the infrastructure already available in Houston and make higher education more affordable and accessible for everyone. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5528, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1730 ACCESSING HIGHER EDUCATION OPPORTUNITIES ACT Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5529) to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize additional grant activities for Hispanic serving institutions, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5529 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5529. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HECK of Nevada. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5529, the Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act. Like many States, Nevada has a severe doctor shortage. While the number of patients is steadily increasing, there continues to be too few qualified healthcare providers to meet this growing demand for care. Additionally, according to the National Hispanic Medical Association, despite a continued rise in our country’s Hispanic population, the number of physicians that identify as Hispanic is only 5 percent. In an effort to help close this diversity gap, prepare more culturally competent healthcare providers, and address our Nation’s doctor shortage, last year I joined with Congressman Dr. RAULRUIZfrom California to introduce H.R. 2927. That bill allowed Hispanic Serving Institutions to utilize existing grant funds to create programs that support, encourage, and mentor prospective physicians as they navigate the necessary requirements to be accepted into medical school. Congress originally created the Developing HispanicServing Institutions program in 1992. This program helps promote education opportunities for Hispanic students and allows the institutions serving them to make improvements that increase the quality of the education they offer. Today there are more than 400 HSIs across the country, and many other institutions are on the verge of becoming HSIs. In my State of Nevada, the College of Southern Nevada; University of Nevada, Las Vegas; and Nevada State College are among many other schools that either are or are on the verge of becoming an HSI. Additionally, the number of young Hispanic undergraduates enrolled fulltime at a 2 or 4year college has more than tripled in the past 23 years. It is clear Hispanic students have greater access to education opportunities than they did before the Developing HSIs program was created. Still, as I mentioned before, the Hispanic population remains underrepresented in various parts of the workforce, particularly in healthcare positions that require a doctorallevel degree. After meeting with local healthcare and education leaders in Nevada and working with the chairman and other members of the committee to address this issue, I am happy to offer H.R. 5529, as amended, the Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act, with Congressman HINOJOSA and Dr. R UIZ. H.R. 5529 expands on the bipartisan work of H.R. 2927 by allowing HSIs to use funds to support students to prepare them for healthcarerelated doctoral programs. Additionally, I want to thank Congressman HINOJOSA for joining me and Dr. RUIZon this bill and adding an important provision that allows HSIs to work with local school districts to start or enhance dual enrollment opportunities in early college programs at high schools. These programs not only help students get into college, but they also enable students to earn college credits earlier in their academic career. As a strong supporter of dual enrollment programs, I want to thank Congressman HINOJOSA for strengthening the bill with this important provision. Ultimately, this bill will help us address a growing doctor shortage and close the diversity gap among physicians by helping students at HSIs achieve the dream of a higher education. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5529, the Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) for bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, over the last 20 years, we have seen great growth in the number of Hispanic students attending institutions of higher education, particularly HispanicServing Institutions, or HSIs. In 1990, there were only 135 colleges and universities with a Hispanic population over 25 percent. Today there are more than 400. From 2012 to 2013, nearly 60 percent of Hispanic college students attended an HSI, and these institutions were responsible for graduating 40 percent of all Hispanics in the country. My district is home to two large HispanicServing Institutions: The University of CaliforniaRiverside and Riverside City College. Title V of the Higher Education Act supports critical resources for HSIs like these, improving their ability to promote student success. The bill we are considering today, H.R. 5529, allows title V grant funds to be used to expand access to dual or concurrent enrollment programs offered through HSIs. Dual and concurrent enrollment models, programs that allow high school students to take postsecondary level courses for credit, can produce a number of benefits for students, particularly those from lowincome backgrounds and firstgeneration college students. Research shows that these programs increase high school completion, college enrollment, college persistence, and degree attainment. Furthermore, roughly 30 percent of dual and concurrent enrollment programs are career and technical education focused, which offers students the opportunity to earn credit toward a certificate or credential that prepares them for college and career success. Unfortunately, tuition and classroom material costs remain a barrier to enrollment in these successful models for many lowincome students. It is my hope that H.R. 5529 will expand access to these programs at HispanicServing Institutions in my district and across the country. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5529. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), who is also the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill, and I would like to say a few brief words about the package of higher education bills being considered today. These bills will simplify the financial aid application process; they will help students make wellinformed decisions when selecting a college and determining how to finance the education; and they will financially strengthen Historically Black Colleges and Universities. This bill expands access for high school students to dual and concurrent enrollment programs at HispanicServing Institutions. Taken together, this package represents a step in the right direction for students and families. A college degree remains the surest path out of poverty and into the middle class. Census data shows that earnings increase as the level of education increases. In other words, the more you learn, the more you earn. In addition to increased earnings, individuals with higher levels of education are less likely to be unemployed, less likely to receive public assistance, less likely to work in unskilled jobs with little upward mobility, and less likely to become involved in the criminal justice system. The ability to attend college for many students is due in large part to the significant investment we have made in higher education through the Higher Education Act of 1965. As President Johnson said when he signed the HEA into law over 50 years ago: ‘‘It means that a high school senior, anywhere in this great land of ours, can 
apply to any college or any university in any of the 50 States and not be turned away because his family is poor.’’ HEA’s goal was, and still is, to provide a pathway to the middle class for millions of working families around the country by making college affordable and accessible to everyone. Unfortunately, the initial promise of HEA has eroded. For far too many of our students, the principles of access and economic opportunity are in jeopardy. The bills considered today take a major step in restoring the original purpose of the Higher Education Act so that no child will be denied access to the opportunities afforded by higher education because his family is poor. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I would like to again thank the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), my friend, for bringing this bill forward. I would like to thank Chairman KLINE, Ranking Member S COTT, and Mr. HINOJOSA , the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training, for their work on this bill. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5529. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to underscore the purpose of this legislation. Yes, this bill will help us address a growing doctor shortage, and, yes, it will also help us close the diversity gap among physicians. But the Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act, like a number of the bills on the floor today, is also about opportunity and helping students realize what they can achieve through higher education. This bipartisan bill will help more students obtain the knowledge and the skills they need to accomplish their goals and succeed in the workforce. I want to thank both Dr. RUIZand Representative HINOJOSA for their work in advancing these important reforms and for their continued leadership in helping more Americans pursue the dream of a higher education. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5529, the ‘‘Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act,’’ which amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize additional grant activities for Hispanicserving institutions. At a time when American innovation and intellectual growth fundamentally depend on education, the accessibility of institutions of higher education is a critical concern in the struggle to maintain America’s role at the forefront of global innovation. As a lifelong advocate of equal education opportunities for all students, I know the importance of making higher education accessible across all demographics, and I know we can do better. Without an honest effort to even the playing field for all students by ensuring that all students have the opportunity to extend their education as long as they can, America, as a country, stands to lose out on the brightest economic, academic, and political leaders of the future. To that end, this measure emphasizes the importance of equality of opportunity for all students pursuing higher level education by urging the expansion of grant programs for Hispanicserving educational institutions. In particular, this measure amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to specifically: Support programs (which may include counseling, mentoring, and other support services) designed to facilitate the successful advancement of students from fouryear institutions to post baccalaureate doctoral degree granting programs; and Develop or expand access to dual or concurrent enrollment programs and early college high school programs. Without this concrete measure to bolster support for Hispanicserving institutions, institutions of higher education will fail to fulfill the American promise of equality of opportunity. In particular, I am proud to represent institutions such as the Lone Star College and the University of Houston Downtown, institutions that will directly benefit from increased efforts to further support Hispanicserving educational institutions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5529, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4768. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HECKof Nevada). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 796 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 4768. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. RIGELL ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1742 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions, with Mr. RIGELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The need for the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016 to restore balance in our Federal system is clear. The modern Federal administrative state is an institution unforeseen by the Framers of our Constitution and rapidly mushrooming out of control. This legislation takes square aim at one of the biggest roots of this problem, the Chevron Doctrine, under which Federal courts regularly defer to regulatory agencies’ selfserving and often politicized interpretations of the statutes they administer. This includes interpretations like those that underlie the EPA’s Clean Power Plan and waters of the United States rules. These are just a few examples of rules consciously designed by regulatory agencies to violate Congress’ intent. They threaten to wipe out the Nation’s key fuel for electric power generation and extend the EPA’s permitting tentacles into every puddle in every American backyard. This bill also takes on the related Auer doctrine, under which courts defer to agencies’ selfserving interpretations of their own regulations. Auer and Chevron deference work hand in hand to expand the power of Federal bureaucrats to impose whatever decision they want as often as they can, escaping, whenever possible, meaningful checks and balances from the courts. b1745 In perhaps the most famous of the Supreme Court’s earlier decisions, Marbury v. Madison, Chief Justice Marshall declared for a unanimous Court that ‘‘it is emphatically the province and duty of the Judicial Department to say what the law is.’’ Since the Chevron doctrine allows judges to evade interpreting the law, and instead to defer to agencies’ interpretations, one must ask: Is Chevron faithful to Marbury and the separation of powers? In the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946, often called the constitution of administrative law, Congress provided for judicial review of agency action in terms that were plain and direct. It stated that ‘‘the reviewing court shall decide all relevant questions of law and interpret constitutional and statutory provisions.’’ That standard is consistent with Marbury and the separation of powers. 
But since Chevron allows judges to escape interpreting statutory provisions themselves, one must ask: Is Chevron unfaithful not only to Marbury and the separation of powers, but also to the Administrative Procedure Act? These are not just academic questions. They are fundamental questions that go to the heart of how our government works and whether the American people can still control it. Judicial deference under Chevron weakens the separation of powers, threatening liberty. It bleeds out of the judicial branch power to interpret the law, transfusing that power into the executive branch. And it tempts Congress to let the hardest work of legislating bleed out of Congress and into the executive branch since Congress knows judges will defer to agency interpretations of ambiguities and gaps in statutes Congress did not truly finish. This leads us down the dangerous slope James Madison warned against in Federalist 47: ‘‘The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands,’’ that ‘‘may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny.’’ The Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016 is timely, bold legislation directed straight at stopping our slide down that dangerous slope. In one fell swoop, it restores the separation of powers by legislatively overturning the Chevron doctrine and the related Auer doctrine. This is reform we must make reality for the good of the American people. I want to thank Representative RATCLIFFE for his introduction of this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support the Separation of Powers Restoration Act. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Judicial review of final agency action is a hallmark of administrative law and is critical to ensuring that agency action does not harm or adversely affect the public. But as the Supreme Court held in Chevron USA, Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., reviewing courts may only invalidate an agency action when it violates a constitutional provision or when an agency unreasonably exceeds its statutory authority as clearly expressed by Congress. For the past 30 years, this seminal decision has required deference to the substantive expertise and political accountability of Federal agencies. As the Court explained in Chevron: ‘‘Federal judges—who have no constituency—have a duty to respect legitimate policy choices made by those who do. The responsibilities for assessing the wisdom of such policy choices and resolving the struggle between competing views of the public event are not judicial ones: ‘Our Constitution vests such responsibilities in the political branches.’’’ H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016, would eliminate this longstanding tradition of judicial deference to agencies’ interpretation of statutes and rules by requiring courts to review agency action on a de novo basis. This misguided legislation is not the majority’s first attempt to gumup the rulemaking process through enhanced judicial review. Since the 112th Congress, a number of deregulatory bills we have considered, such as H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act, would require generalist courts to supplant the expertise and political accountability of agencies in the rulemaking process with their own judgments. Compare this approach with other deregulatory bills passed by this Congress that would greatly diminish judicial review of deregulatory actions by dramatically shortening the statute of limitations for judicial review, sometimes to just 45 days. In other words, the majority wants to have it both ways. When it benefits corporate interests, Republican legislation heightens scrutiny of agency rulemaking, like this act does, threatening to impose years of delay and untold costs on taxpayers. When it benefits the public or our environment, Republican legislation slams the courthouse door shut through sweeping restrictions on the court’s ability to protect public health or the environment. These proposals are transparently the design of special interest fat cats to minimize their exposure to legal accountability. H.R. 4768 is more of the same. At a minimum, this bill will delay and possibly derail the ability of agencies to safeguard public health and safety. Without any constraints on judicial review, the bill will also incentivize judicial activism by allowing a reviewing court to substitute its own policy preferences for those of the agency, which Congress has specifically entrusted with rulemaking authority. In other words, this bill resolves a perceived imbalance between the branches by granting immense authority to the judicial branch so that it may act as a super regulator through judicial fiat. In a letter opposing this bill, a group of the Nation’s leading administrative law professors underscored this point, arguing that the bill is motivated by policy disagreements, not actual concerns with judicial deference. I strongly oppose H.R. 4768 and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ), the chief sponsor of this legislation and a member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for giving me the opportunity to lead on this issue. I also want to thank the 113 Members of Congress who believe this bill is important enough to cosponsor it. It is my sincere hope that all 435 Members of this House will vote in support of this incredibly important bill because every Member of this body took an oath to defend the Constitution and none of us should accept the constitutional erosion and infringement that is having a devastating impact on the very constituents that we all swore to represent. Mr. Chair, I ran for Congress because I wanted the opportunity to address the big issues of our time, to address the real problems that are hurting all Americans, and the Separation of Powers Restoration Act does exactly that. That bill repeals the socalled Chevron doctrine and, in so doing, will restore the constitutional separation of powers that our Founding Fathers intended. Named for the Supreme Court’s 1984 decision in Chevron USA, Inc. v. Natural Resource Defense Council, Inc., the Chevron doctrine has, for three decades, required courts to defer to agency interpretations of ambiguous laws. Said more plainly, Mr. Chair, this means that when American citizens and businesses challenge Federal regulators in court, the deck is stacked in favor of the regulators. Chevron deference is one of the, if not the primary, driving forces behind an outrageous expansion of a regulatory branch that our Founding Fathers never intended and one that is crippling the American economy and the American people. Unelected bureaucrats now draft regulations with the Chevron doctrine in mind, knowing that it will give them the ability to regulate, sometimes for political gain, beyond the actual scope of the statutes that we pass as the duly elected representatives of the people. Mr. Chair, by allowing unelected, unaccountable regulators to effectively grade their own papers, we are circumventing the will of the American people. Under Chevron, Congress can’t prevent agencies from engaging in de facto lawmaking and courts are abdicating their constitutional responsibility to interpret laws. My bill will very simply fix this perversion of our Constitution by ensuring that Congress, not agencies, writes the laws; and that courts, not agencies, interpret the laws. Mr. Chair, it is vitally important to stress that my bill is entirely agnostic to specific policy issues. It doesn’t specifically support or oppose any certain regulatory actions. This bill is simply about defending the Constitution and reestablishing three coequal branches of government. This is not and should not be a partisan issue. The candid truth, Mr. Chair, is that the Chevron doctrine has been abused by Democrat and Republican administrations alike for three decades. Both have been guilty of abusing the separation of powers for political expedience, 
and it is the American people who have been victimized by this. So let’s end it. Let’s finally fix a problem that plagues all Americans. Mr. Chair, many of us believe that the American experiment has endured, in large part, because of the wisdom and the thoughtful manner in which our framers crafted our Constitution. I refuse to believe that we can’t all at least agree on that. I refuse to believe that restoring three coequal branches of government needs to be controversial. Today this body has an opportunity to stand up for and with the American people and stand against overreaching bureaucrats that the American people never elected. So, Mr. Chair, when the Constitution is restored, it is the American people who will win. 
Although the Supreme Court has had numerous opportunities to expand judicial review of rulemaking, thankfully, the Court has rejected this approach in recognition of the fact that generalist courts simply lack the subjectmatter expertise of agencies, are politically unaccountable, and should not engage in making substantive determinations from the bench. It is somewhat ironic that some who have long decried ‘‘judicial activism’’ would now support facilitating a greater role for the judiciary in agency rulemaking. Finally, H.R. 4768 would result in regulatory paralysis and, thereby, undermine public health and safety. Regulations are the result of years— very often many years—of careful deliberation and expert analysis. Typically, after an agency first proposes a rulemaking, it must solicit public comment. The agency then analyzes this input and, after further deliberation, promulgates a final rule. Additionally, for certain rules, agencies must undergo further procedures such as conducting a costbenefit analysis and a separate analysis of the rule’s potential impact on small businesses. This is a timeconsuming process that some believe is already too inflexible. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. By eliminating judicial deference to agency determinations, the bill would make the already ossified rulemaking process even more timeconsuming and costly, threatening the ability of federal regulatory agencies to protect public health and safety. This is true for several reasons. Ironically, for a bill that purports to ‘‘restore’’ separation of powers, H.R. 4768 actually raises separation of power concerns. Congress makes the laws and agencies implement them, while the courts are supposed to interpret the law. The Supreme Court has long recognized that Congress may constitutionally delegate its authority to agencies through statutes to promulgate rules to implement the laws it passes, with democratic accountability stemming from the fact that Congress can always rescind or narrow the scope of that delegation. We specifically entrust these agencies, not the courts, with broad policymaking authority. Yet, by removing constraints on judicial review of agency action, H.R. 4768 would empower generalist and unelected courts to nullify agency action solely on policy grounds, substituting the administrative record with their own policy preferences. Such authority would go beyond the traditional bounds of the judicial role, as the federal courts themselves have thus far recognized through their deference to agencies. H.R. 4768 would upend the careful and longstanding balance among the three branches of government, all in the name of serving antiregulatory corporate interests. In addition, H.R. 4768 would encourage judicial activism. By eliminating judicial deference, the bill would effectively empower the courts to make public policy from the bench even though they may lack the specialized expertise and democratic accountability that agencies possess, through delegated authority from and oversight by the American people’s elected representatives. Although the Supreme Court has had numerous opportunities to expand judicial review of rulemaking, thankfully the Court has rejected this approach in recognition of the fact that generalist courts simply lack the subject matter expertise of agencies, are politically unaccountable, and should not engage in making substantive determinations from the bench. It is somewhat ironic that some who have long decried ‘‘judicial activism’’ would now support facilitating a greater role for the judiciary in agency rulemaking. Finally, H.R. 4768 would result in regulatory paralysis and thereby undermine public health and safety. Regulations are the result of years—very often many years—of careful deliberation and expert analysis. Typically, after an agency first proposes a rulemaking, it must solicit public comment. The agency then analyzes this input and, after further deliberation, promulgates a final rule. Additionally, for certain rules, agencies must undergo further procedures, such as conducting a costbenefit analysis and a separate analysis of the rule’s potential impact on small businesses. This is a timeconsuming process that some believe is already too inflexible. According to a new report issued just last month by Pubic Citizen, the time it takes for agencies to issue regulations has grown to unprecedented lengths. So far this year, for example, economically significant regulations have taken an average of 3.8 years to complete, which is nearly an entire presidential term. In recognition of the fact that agencies spend years formulating rules and have the specialized substantive expertise to do so, the courts have long applied the rule of judicial deference. Essentially, this means that the court, in reviewing a rulemaking, will not substitute its policy preferences for that of the agency. Yet, H.R. 4768 would overturn this longstanding practice and, in its stead, require federal courts to review all agency rulemakings and interpretations of statutes on a de novo basis. In effect, the bill would empower a judge to ignore the determinations of agency experts and to substitute his or her judgment, without regard to the judge’s technical knowledge or understanding of the underlying subject matter. By eliminating judicial deference, the bill will force agencies to adopt even more detailed factual records and explanations, which would further delay the finalization of what might be critical lifesaving regulations. And, worst of all it will further encourage some wellfunded corporate interests to engage in dilatory litigation challenging agency action in order to derail regulations. As it is, large corporate interests—devoted only to maximizing profits—already have an unfair advantage in their ability to weaken regulatory standards by burying an agency with paperwork demands and litigation. Rather than giving more opportunities for corporate interests to derail rulemakings, we should be evaluating ways to ensure that the voices of the general public have a greater role in the rulemaking process. We are talking about regulations that protect the quality of the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the food we consume. Slowing down the rulemaking process means that rules intended to protect the health and safety of American citizens will take longer to promulgate and become effective, thereby putting us all at possible risk. Given these concerns and others presented by the bill, I accordingly must oppose H.R. 4768 and I urge my colleagues to vote against this seriously flawed measure. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, legislation that works to scale back the power of the administration’s regulatory agencies and, instead, returns the interpretation of laws to the courts. For too long, unelected Federal bureaucrats have been running rampant on our Constitution, taking interpretations of the law further than Congress intended them. If you would have told me that 90 percent of my time here in Congress would be spent fighting Federal agencies’ overreach, I would have thought you were joking, but that is the truth. It is sad. Our Founding Fathers never intended for faceless bureaucrats to have this power. The power of lawmaking is in this body. There are many examples out there as well, not only the coal industry. You know, West Virginia had the tenth best economy in this Nation just 10 years ago. Now it is the worst economy in the Nation. I have got lots of electric membership corporations in my district and, you know, they spent billions of dollars upgrading their coalpowered plants, but they continue to be harassed by the EPA. It is time that this agency topdown approach is dealt with. It is not in the best interest of the folks in Georgia, in the 12th District of Georgia, let alone the rest of the country. It is time to get back to Congress writing the laws and the courts interpreting them, and to dismantle the growing fourth branch of this government. I am proud to support this legislation that gives Federal agencies a reality check. We wonder why the economy is not growing. Everywhere I go, people say that the biggest restriction on this economy is the regulatory overreach. We must stop this, and that is why I am proud to support the Separation of Powers Restoration Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, America is facing so many important issues that need to be addressed that this Congress refuses to address, and so it tenders donothing bills like this that are going absolutely nowhere, not going to pass in the Senate, and if it did, it would not be signed by the President. But still this donothing Congress persists in acting in this way. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) for his leadership of the subcommittee from which this legislation, I believe, has found its journey. Let me also acknowledge my colleague from Texas. On the Judiciary Committee, we have the benefit of the counsel of nonlawyers. It is a new phenomenon. When I first came on, we had only lawyers on the committee. But as a lawyer who remembers sitting in an administrative procedure law class by a seasoned senior professor at the University of Virginia Law School, I remember he was embedded for decades, and managed to make the Administrative Procedure Act interesting. And the one thing I knew, even as a younger law student, the APA, for 70 years—at that time it hadn’t reached 70—had served and guided administrative agencies and the affected public in a manner that is flexible enough to accommodate the variety of agencies operating under it, inclusive of changes through time. So what saddens me as a person who enjoyed many aspects of law school and understands and enjoys the deliberation of issues dealing with the question of law is the complete skewing in spite of my friends who view this as remedy. And I would just like to offer them my thoughts as to why this is not: because the legislation would allow Federal courts reviewing an agency action to conduct a de novo review of all relevant questions of law without deferring to the legal interpretation of the agency. Now, let me be very clear. I am a student of the three branches of government. I appreciate my colleagues’—in this instance, Republicans’—concern about the sanctity of the three branches of government as evidenced by the Constitution. But in that structure, we developed agencies to have expertise; not to not be challenged, but to have expertise. And I want those listening to understand that I respect that expertise, but I respect the challenge. But what this particular legislation is doing is that de novo, my friends, of course, is starting from scratch. So that means a regulation by the Department of Homeland Security—I am on the Homeland Security Committee, this agency created after 9/11. And in the backdrop of what we have faced, the heinous acts of Dallas, 5 fallen officers, 12 persons shot—now, we can’t claim this recent incident. Allow me to offer my sympathy to those in Michigan, two bailiffs, and I don’t know how many others may be shot and killed. But we know that we are in a different framework of dealing with security in this country. Some of these are a regulatory scheme through the Homeland Security Department, Transportation Security Administration. And to take that expertise on behalf of the American people and, as they say, throw the baby out with the bathwater, say to the courts that do not have a discernible expertise—our judges are quite skilled, but they are not the experts in every aspect of how this government runs. Members of Congress have to brief themselves to be able to assess what is going on in the government, and we have that responsibility. But you are asking the courts now to undo every regulation and become the expert on Federal lands, public lands, on Environmental Protection Agency issues, on Health and Human Services issues, on issues dealing with homeland security, on issues dealing with education. This is untenable, Mr. Chairman. This will not work. And I just want to cite to you from a number of groups that have come together. The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards says: ‘‘Congress should be looking for ways to strengthen our country’s regulatory system by identifying gaps and instituting new safeguards for the public. Unfortunately, this legislation does the opposite by ensuring more delays.’’ Let me clarify their language, because I will go a little further. I would be willing to look at filling the holes. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I would be willing to look at discussing this further by looking at what are the holes, where do we think we are not being effective on behalf of the American people. That is reasonable legislation and legislative discourse, if you will. But I can’t look at something that tells me that I have got to take something involving the Children’s Health Insurance Program or the 1191 waiver that deals with Medicaid, and I have got to untangle it, go into a court because someone challenged it, and I have got people waiting in line for healthcare relief and hospitals that are looking for payment on uncompensated care, and I have got a court that has to now ramp up. And individual courts don’t have the vastness of research that agencies have to be experts on health care and to be experts on a variety of issues that are so very important to us. I would hope that we can send this legislation back. I hope that we could look—what are we trying to fix? I think the three branches of government are very clear. We legislate, the executive has its powers, and there are agencies. But the citizens have a right to seek a review of a regulatory structure or a regulation. They have judicial review. Section 702 of the APA, in its current form, subjects agency rulemaking to judicial review for any person suffering legal wrong because of agency action, or adversely affected or aggrieved by agency action within the meaning of a relevant statute. Courts in particular retain an important role in determining whether an agency is permissible, arbitrary, or capricious. Mr. Chairman, that is within the context of what this Administrative Procedure Act does. It has been effective for 70 years plus. And what we are doing is—we are not detangling. We are tangling, and we are blocking the good government work that these agencies do to help the American people be safe in water, in the environment, in public lands, in security. I ask my colleagues, let’s go back to the drawing board before we move forward on this legislation. Mr. Chair, I stand in opposition to H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016, a bill to address purported constitutional and statutory deficiencies in the judicial review of agency rulemaking. I am opposed to H.R. 4768 because this bill is unfortunately deeply flawed and harmful to our nation’s fundamental and wellestablished federal rulemaking process. Specifically, H.R. 4768 would abruptly shift the scope and authority of judicial review of agency actions away from federal agencies by amending Section 706 of the Administrative Procedures Act (APA) to ‘‘require that courts decide all relevant questions of law, including all questions of interpretation of constitutional, statutory, and regulatory provisions, on a de novo basis without deference to the agency that promulgated the final rule’’. Effectively, H.R. 4768 would abolish judicial deference to agencies’ statutory interpretations in federal rulemaking and create harmful and costly burdens to the administrative process. Enacted in 1946, the APA establishes the minimum rulemaking and formal adjudication requirements for all administrative agencies. And for the past 70 years the APA has served and guided administrative agencies and the affected public in a manner that is flexible enough to accommodate the variety of agencies operating under it inclusive of changes through time. In addition to the APA, numerous other procedural and analytical requirements have been imposed on the rulemaking process by Congress and various presidents. Generally, agencies’ development of new rules is an extensive process that is fully vetted with appropriate avenues for judicial relief where necessary. Namely, Section 702 of the APA in its current form subjects agency rulemaking to judicial review for ‘‘any person suffering legal wrong because of agency action, or adversely affected or aggrieved by agency action within the meaning of a relevant statute.’’ Courts in particular retain an important role in determining whether an agency action is permissible, arbitrary, or capricious. And while, the APA requires reviewing courts to decide all relevant questions of law, interpret statutes, and determine the meaning of agency action, it is wellestablished that courts ‘‘must give substantial deference to an agency’s interpretation of its own regulations.’’ Indeed, the Supreme Court has routinely observed that the scope of judicial review is narrow and a court is not to substitute its judgment for that of the agency. Rather, it is wellsettled that courts must give considerable weight to an agency’s construction of a statute it administers. 
Such deference was established as bedrock administrative law in the 1984 Supreme Court case Chevron v. Natural Resources Defense Council, now known as the Chevron deference. Chevron deference has been upheld by hundreds of federal courts since and has been endorsed by both conservative and liberal Supreme Court justices and federal court judges. H.R. 4768 would override the Chevron doctrine enabling courts to ignore administrative records and expertise and to substitute their own inexpert views and limited information. Such a measure would radically transform the judicial review practice and make the rulemaking process more costly and timeconsuming by forcing agencies to adopt more detailed factual records and explanations, effectively imposing more procedural requirements on agency rulemaking. This cumulative burden would have the effect of further ossifying the rulemaking process or dissuading agencies from undertaking rulemakings altogether. H.R. 4768 marks an unprecedented and dangerous move away from traditional judicial deference towards a system of that would enhance powers for corporate lobbyists and weaken protections for consumers and working families. Congressional consideration for an enhanced judicial review standard or a legislative override of judicial deference is not one we are unfamiliar with—but it is a matter we have long ago rejected along with our nation’s leading administrative law scholars and experts. H.R. 4768 is an unnecessary and misguided bill that would burden the rulemaking process and not simplify it. For these reasons, I am opposed to H.R. 4768. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I believe that this side has the right to close, and I have one speaker remaining, so we are prepared to close whenever the gentleman from Georgia is ready. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD the Statement of Administration Policy, the President’s veto threat on this bill, and also a letter from the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
ACT OF 2016 —(REP. RATCLIFFE , R–TX, AND 113  
COSPONSORS)  The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016, because it would unnecessarily overrule decades of Supreme Court precedent, it is not in the public interest, and it would add needless complexity and delay to judicial review of regulatory actions. This legislation would allow Federal courts reviewing an agency action to conduct de novo review of all relevant questions of law without deferring to the legal interpretation of the agency. Both Federal statutes and case law provide Federal courts with the appropriate tools to review regulatory actions and afford appropriate deference to the expertise of the agencies that promulgated the rules and regulations under review. If the President were presented with H.R. 4768, his senior advisors would recommend he veto the bill. Re: Markup on Separation of Powers Restoration Act (H.R. 4768) Hon. ROBERT GOODLATTE , Chairman, Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. JOHNCONYERS , Ranking Member, Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVES : The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards (CSS), which includes more than 150 diverse labor, consumer, public health, food safety, financial reform, faith, environmental and scientific integrity groups representing millions of Americans, urges members of this committee to oppose the Separation of Powers Restoration Act (H.R. 4768). Congress should be looking for ways to strengthen our country’s regulatory system by identifying gaps and instituting new safeguards for the public. Unfortunately, this legislation does the opposite by ensuring even more delays in new public health, safety, and financial security protections for the public. The legislation will make our system of regulatory safeguards weaker by allowing for judicial activism at the expense of agency expertise and congressional authority, thereby resulting in unpredictable outcomes and regulatory uncertainty for all stakeholders. If passed, this legislation would rob the American people of many critical upgrades to public protections, especially those that ensure clean air and water, safe food and consumer products, safe workplaces, and a stable, prosperous economy. This radical legislation would reverse a fundamental and wellsettled legal principle that has long successfully guided our regulatory system. It would abolish judicial deference to agencies’ statutory interpretations in rulemaking by requiring a court to decide all relevant questions of law de novo, including all questions concerning the interpretation of constitutional, statutory, and regulatory provisions of final agency actions. Such deference was established as bedrock administrative law by the Supreme Court in the 1984 case Chevron v. Natural Resources Defense Council and came to be referred to as Chevron deference. Chevron deference has been upheld by hundreds of federal courts since and has been endorsed by both conservative and liberal Supreme Court justices and federal court judges. In practice, abolishing Chevron deference will make the current problems in our country’s broken regulatory process much worse in several ways. H.R. 4768 will lead to even more regulatory delays, particularly for those ‘‘economically significant’’ or ‘‘major’’ new rules that provide the greatest benefits to the public’s health, safety, and financial security. The examples of regulatory paralysis are ubiquitous and impossible to ignore. In the energy sector, offshore drilling safety measures to address the cause of the BP oil spill in the Gulf, new safety standards to prevent oil train derailments and explosions, and new energy efficiency standards to benefit consumers all took far too long to finalize and benefit the public. In the food safety sector, implementation of the Food Safety Modernization Act was finally completed last week, despite agencies missing every statutory deadline and numerous tainted food scandals in the interim. In the banking sector, a significant portion of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform Act has yet to be finalized, or in some cases, even proposed, despite the law’s enactment almost six years ago. The delays in new protections for the public are systemic, touching virtually every agency and regulatory sector. A recent study by a conservative think tank found that federal agencies have only been able to meet half of the rulemaking deadlines Congress has set out for them over the last twenty years. There is substantial academic literature and expert consensus that intrusive judicial scrutiny of agency rulemaking is one of the main drivers of regulatory paralysis. Thus, increasing litigation risk for agency rules, which is exactly what this bill would accomplish by spawning hundreds of new lawsuits per year, will mean many more missed congressional deadlines and a regulatory process this is unable to act efficiently and effectively in protecting the public as Congress requires. This further ‘‘chilling’’ of rulemaking will certainly benefit Big Business lobbyists and lawyers who will further pressure regulators to carve out loopholes, weaken safety standards, or otherwise obstruct new rulemakings with the greatly enhanced threat of a lawsuit waiting in the wings. Additionally, eliminating judicial deference to agency rulemaking would be tantamount to ringing the dinner bell for judicial activism by empowering reviewing courts to substitute their policy preferences for those of the agency. One of the primary policy rationales for Chevron deference is that agencies have considerable and superior expertise in the regulatory sectors they oversee as compared to generalist judges. Thus, H.R. 4768 would make it easier for the courts to overturn an agency’s highly technical, resourceintensive, and sciencebased rulemakings without the expertise needed to make such determinations. Further, judicial activism would impact Congressional authority, curtailing it rather than enhancing it, an irony given the name of the bill. The de novo review of the scope and nature of Congressional grants of authority to agencies will invite courts to create law, ignore congressional intent, or both. Again, the bill will allow judges to simply replace congressional intent with the judges’ own construction of the statute or policy preferences with respect to congressional objectives. Perhaps the most telling critique of attempts to replace Chevron deference with de novo review comes from former Justice Antonin Scalia, an aggressively vocal supporter of Chevron deference during his career and an indication of just how broad and mainstream the support is for maintaining such deference. Writing for the majority in City of Arlington v. F.C.C., Justice Scalia argued that requiring that ‘‘every agency rule must be subjected to a de novo judicial determination’’ without any standards to guide this review would result in an ‘‘openended hunt for congressional intent,’’ rendering ‘‘the binding effect of agency rules unpredictable and destroy the whole stabilizing purpose of Chevron. The excessive agency power that the dissent fears would be replaced by chaos.’’ H.R. 4768 marks an unprecedented and dangerous move away from traditional judicial deference towards a system of enhanced powers for Big Business lobbyists and weakened protections for consumers and working families. CSS urges members of the committee to reject the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, (H.R. 4768). Sincerely, ROBERT WEISSMAN , President, Public Citizen, Chair, Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
b1815 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Georgia. 
Members of the House, I am not alone in opposing H.R. 4768. In recognition of the many serious concerns presented by it, the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, an alliance of more than 150—150—consumer, labor, research, faith, and other public interest groups, strongly opposes this legislation. These are, in effect, the good guys: Public Citizen, the AFL–CIO, the Service Employees International Union, the United Steelworkers, the Center for Progressive Reform, the Consumers Union, the Consumer Federation of America, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Sierra Club, and many, many more. In addition, leading administrative law scholars also oppose H.R. 4768 because it will further delay the rulemaking process and because it presents separation of powers concerns. Like me, these organizations and scholars know that this bill will weaken the regulatory system by supplanting agency expertise and congressional authority with judicial activism. In closing, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 4768, a bill that, without a doubt, would undermine public health and safety and undermine our regulatory safety net. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. JOHNSON  for the great job he has done here on the floor and ask him to close this debate. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in sum, it is indeed ironic that the socalled Separation of Powers Restoration Act actually raises separation of powers concerns by yielding legislative power over to the judicial branch. This is, in part, why there are so many alliances of labor organizations, consumer organizations, environmental action organizations, and others that strongly oppose this legislation. I include in the RECORD a July 11, 2016, letter from Consumers Union opposing this legislation, along with a letter from the Natural Resources Defense Council opposing this legislation. 
records and explanations, all conducted by agency officials with subject matter expertise that courts lack in the sciences, medicine, engineering, statistics, accounting, economics and financial markets, and the full gamut of professional disciplines. Because the policy preferences of individual judges will matter more than ever, litigants will spend even more time and effort forum shopping for their favorite judges. On top of these ills, de novo judicial review of vast administrative records would further slow the wheels of the American legal system, to the detriment of every business or individual trying to get justice from our crowded and overworked courts. What is most surprising is to see support for this bill from traditional opponents of judicial activism. Some supporters appear to favor the bill because they hope to undo burdens on businesses. In doing so, they are willing to sacrifice food safety; clean air and water; worker protections; safeguards against discrimination; and even the stability and security of our banks and financial institutions. It should be noted, however, that the bill would also allow unelected judges to overrule the decisions of future conservative administrations. It is worth remembering that NRDC was the losing party in the Chevron decision. If this bill had then been law, the Reagan administration’s effort to streamline pollution controls for new factories would likely have been overturned, not upheld as it was by the Supreme Court. Our Constitution puts elected officials in charge to give political accountability. Turning over the authority to unelected and nonexpert judges should not be an option. We urge all members to oppose H.R. 4768. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Lastly, I would point out that there is a strongly worded veto threat by the President about this legislation should it ever find its way to the Senate and to the President’s desk. The President points out that this legislation is not in the public interest and that it would add needless complexity and delay to the judicial review of regulatory actions. For those reasons, among other things, he has issued a veto threat. So this is a piece of legislation that is a messaging piece. My friends on the other side of the aisle know that it is not going anywhere, but it is promoting their message, which is deregulation. Despite all of the regulation and legislation needed to address pertinent issues that the American people are demanding action on right now— the Zika virus, Puerto Rico, gun violence, and gun reform legislation— there are so many other things that we could and should be working on, but instead we are enthralled here with these messaging bills that are not going anywhere. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The list of organizations that stand up for separation of powers, that stand up for liberty, and that stand up for common sense is long. It includes the American Farm Bureau Federation, TechFreedom, the American Consumer Institute, Americans for Tax Reform, the Center for Freedom and Prosperity, Competitive Enterprise Institute, Digital Liberty, Free the People, the Independent Women’s Forum, Institute for Liberty, the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, the National Taxpayers Union, Protect Internet Freedom, the Taxpayers Protection Alliance, and Tech Knowledge, just to name some. Mr. Chairman, this legislation is very important. It will pass this House with a strong vote. It needs to be taken up by the United States Senate. It needs to be signed into law by the President of the United States, but it will also be heard across the street at the United States Supreme Court, where I know there are Justices who know that the Chevron doctrine needs to be reconsidered because it is an abandonment of the responsibility and the power of the judicial branch of our government to cede this kind of power and this kind of authority to the bureaucracy. It is wrong; it needs to be overturned; and I urge my colleagues to vote to do so tonight. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. RIGELL , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions, had come to no resolution thereon. 
b1831 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RIGELL ) at 6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 818) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendments to H.R. 636, with amendments. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 818 Resolved, That upon the adoption of this resolution the House shall be considered to have taken from the Speaker’s table the bill, H.R. 636, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to have concurred in the Senate amendments with the following amendments: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
In this Act, unless expressly provided otherwise, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—FAA EXTENSION Subtitle A—Airport and Airway Programs 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall evaluate and update, as necessary, standards for crashresistant fuel systems for civilian rotorcraft. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue the supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking referenced in the Secretary’s Report on Significant Rulemakings, dated June 15, 2015, and assigned Regulation Identification Number 2105–AE12. 
aircraft systems into the national airspace system, including decisionmaking by adaptive systems, such as senseandavoid capabilities and cyber physical systems security.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Aviation Security Act of 2016’’. 
The Administrator shall continue to administer the PreCheck Program. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a comprehensive workforce assessment of all TSA personnel within the Office of Global Strategies of the TSA or whose primary professional duties contribute to the TSA’s global efforts to secure transportation security, including a review of whether such personnel are assigned in a riskbased, intelligencedriven manner. 
It is the sense of Congress that airport checkpoint wait times should not take priority over the security of the aviation system of the United States. 
For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘‘aviation security stakeholders’’ shall mean, at a minimum, air carriers, airport operators, and labor organizations representing Transportation Security Officers or, where applicable, contract screeners. 
Nothing in this subtitle may be construed as authorizing or directing the Administrator to prioritize reducing wait times over security effectiveness. Subtitle D—Aviation Security Enhancement and Oversight 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and a report on the pilot programs established under sections 3502 and 3503 of this subtitle. 
The Administrator, in carrying out the functions of the pilot programs established under sections 3502 and 3503 of this subtitle, may accept services, supplies, equipment, personnel, or facilities, without reimbursement, from any other public or private entity. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H. Res. 818. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H. Res. 818, the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016. First and foremost, this is a bipartisan, bicameral, longterm extension of the Federal Aviation Administration’s authorities and funding through the end of fiscal year 2017. This extension provides stability to our aviation system over the next 14 months while Congress refocuses on a full FAA reauthorization. Without this extension, the FAA programs will face a shutdown next week, thousands of FAA employees could be furloughed, airport projects across the country will come to a halt, and about $40 million a day in aviation trust fund revenue will 
go uncollected. That is funding for air traffic control, airport development, and other safety and modernization programs that will never be recovered. This extension also includes limited, but critical and timesensitive provisions to improve aviation safety and security. Some of the provisions address safety critical issues raised by aviation tragedies, including the Germanwings, Asiana, and Colgan Air accidents. Other safety critical issues addressed include protecting lowflying GA pilots from unmarked towers, reevaluating crash standards for helicopter fuel systems, improving the air traffic control hiring process and ensuring the FAA better addresses chronic controller shortages, and training flight attendants to recognize and respond to human trafficking. Given the growing demand for drones and the ongoing need to address their safe operation, this legislation includes provisions to manage the safe integration of drones. In response to safety concerns related to potential cybersecurity risks, the extension requires the FAA to develop a comprehensive cybersecurity plan. In addition to critical safety needs, this extension also addresses the security of our aviation system. As the recent bombings in Brussels and Istanbul have reminded us, aviation remains a prominent target for terrorists. The House already passed almost a dozen bills this Congress related to transportation security, and this extension includes much of that language. Again, this is a bipartisan, bicameral extension with limited, but critical and timesensitive safety and security reforms. I thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO for his partnership in negotiations with the Senate. I also thank Chairman THUNE and Ranking Member N ELSON of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation for their help in drafting this extension. b1915 I want to thank Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON of the Committee on Homeland Security for their efforts in putting together a robust security title. I also want to thank Committee on Ways and Means Chairman BRADY and Ranking Member LEVIN; Committee on Science, Space, and Technology Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member J OHNSONfor their work on this resolution. In addition, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ), the chairman of the subcommittee, and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ), the ranking member of the subcommittee, added critical and important provisions into this extension. Passage of this extension will provide more than a year’s worth of certainty and stability to the FAA, the aviation community, and the flying public. During this time, we will continue to develop a longterm FAA bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 818. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This gives us 14
1⁄2months of certainty for critical programs with the FAA. It is a bipartisan product. I would rather that we had been doing a long term authorization, more substantial policy, but this is an acceptable resolution. The safety title gives the FAA authority to more rigorously go after people who use laser pointers, idiots who use laser pointers, potentially causing catastrophic accidents and high damage; to go after people who are interfering in stopping firefighting efforts with drones; shore up cybersecurity for safety critical aviation infrastructure. The FAA, something I have been pursuing for years, will step up its oversight of overseas aircraft repair and overhaul facilities, where more and more work is being done, where they do not live up to U.S. standards. Some of the people at the FAA had come up with a brilliant new idea which was disqualifying people eminently qualified and already working as air traffic controllers from becoming air traffic controllers. We fix that problem. We balance the need for integration of drones with the need to protect the general public and the national airspace and a number of other critical provisions. With that, I recommend my colleagues support the legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation. Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. L ARSEN , and the other committees responsible for this very important legislation which I strongly support. In my district in New Jersey, I have the privilege of representing approximately 4,000 FAA employees and contractors who work at the FAA’s premier flagship technical center. Their extraordinary energy and dedication ensures American aviation continues to move forward. Without them, American leadership in aviation would suffer, and we cannot afford to send them home because Congress failed to do our work and pass an authorization bill. A lapse in authorization would result in the halting of certification and registration of new aircraft and disruption of our aerospace industry. It would needlessly jeopardize goodpaying jobs and cause pain to hardworking Americans. This longterm extension averts these selfinflicted injuries. It also makes safetycritical reforms while capitalizing on the momentum of FAA’s longdelayed small UAS rule. The resolution moves the ball forward for advancing UAS applications while ensuring they do not pose a threat to aviation, critical infrastructure, or the general public. It also gives the UAS test sites established under the 2012 FAA bill—one of which operates in my district—the certainty and stability they will need to conduct critical research and development on UAS integration. Mr. Speaker, this longterm extension promotes a stable aviation system, improves aviation security, and strengthens aviation security. It also has strong safety measures. I urge all of my colleagues to support this well thoughtout measure. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, while I commend Mr. DEFAZIO and his colleagues for negotiating language to enhance aviation safety, I must rise in opposition to this legislation. My problem with the resolution stems from a potential jobkilling provision inserted in the homeland security portion of the package. Understandably, after the airport attacks in Brussels and, more recently, Istanbul, there is interest in strengthening aviation security. Section 3405 directs TSA to update regulations for eligibility, including disqualifying offenses, for SIDA airport credentials, which airport workers need to perform their jobs. There is no evidence that this additional scrutiny would strengthen aviation security. What we do know for sure is that the changes would unjustifiably put workers at risk of losing their jobs. As such, it should come as no surprise that the International Association of Machinists, the Communication Workers of America, and the Transportation Workers Union have come out in strong opposition to this resolution. That measure, H.R. 3102, also was approved by voice vote in the House this past October. The language before us today goes several steps further than H.R. 3102, unjustifiably lengthening the welllitigated 10year lookback period from 10 to 15 years. The men and women who will be subject to this arbitrary change have as strong, if not more, of an interest as you or me in preventing terrorism in airports. They deserve better than living in fear that they will be able to lose their jobs in the name of homeland security. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for yielding me time. As Congress continues working toward a multiyear authorization for the 
Federal Aviation Administration, the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 will ensure that safety and security research and development activities are authorized. Pursuant to rule X, the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has legislative jurisdiction over ‘‘civil aviation research and development,’’ regardless of the funding account from which the research and development is appropriated. Earlier this year, the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology marked up and passed out of committee a 3year civil aviation research and development authorization for the FAA, the Flight R&D Act. This important legislation was introduced by Representative STEPHEN KNIGHT . Many provisions from the Flight R&D Act are now in the 2016 FAA extension we are considering tonight, and I very much appreciate Chairman SHUSTER ’s including them. These provisions include the development of a cybersecurity research and development plan, a study on metrics to streamline the integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace, a research plan for unmanned aircraft systems traffic management, and the establishment of an unmanned and manned aircraft collision research program. These are important, pressing Committee on Science, Space, and Technology R&D provisions that will increase public safety and private commerce. I look forward to working to include the remainder of the Flight R&D Act provisions in a larger FAA bill next year. I encourage my colleagues to support Chairman SHUSTER ’s resolution. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ). Mr. PERLMUTTER. I thank Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on July 3 last year, a Flight for Life air ambulance helicopter took off in Frisco, Colorado. Just seconds later, the helicopter crashed in a parking lot next to the helipad and burst into flames. The postcrash fire contributed to the death of the pilot, Patrick Mahany, and severely burned the two flight nurses, Dave Repsher and Matthew Bowe. Dave Repsher is still hospitalized today after suffering burns on more than 90 percent of his body. The U.S. military required changes to helicopter fuel systems over 50 years ago. The FAA underwent a rulemaking in 1994 concerning crashresistant fuel system standards, but 22 years later we still do not require newly manufactured helicopters to meet these safety standards. The 1994 rulemaking required all newly certified helicopter designs to incorporate crashresistant fuel systems, but helicopter designs are certified once and then can be manufactured for years. So new helicopters like the AS350, which crashed in Frisco and was only 1 year old, are being built to an unsafe standard. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, this resolution today includes section 2105, requiring the administrator of the FAA to evaluate and update these safety standards. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for working with me on this issue. Together, we can work with the FAA and industry to update these critical safety standards and make sure newly manufactured helicopters include crashresistant fuel systems. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for yielding time to speak today on this legislation. I also want to thank the chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for his excellent leadership that he has shown this Congress and previous Congresses. It has been an absolute pleasure to serve on a committee that has accomplished so much. Today I want to speak briefly on an important provision of this reauthorization. As an airman myself, I have always stood up for the rights of general aviation pilots. Section 2307 in this legislation, which is based on my bill, the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act, will make operating a private aircraft easier and more common sense for private pilots. Currently, pilots must get an unnecessary, outdated medical examination from a governmentapproved physician as often as once a year. Section 2307 would change that requirement so that a pilot can simply visit his family physician once every 4 years. Although this doesn’t go as far as is ultimately needed to get rid of 20th century red tape while maintaining safety in the 21st century, it is real progress for aviators. This change is strongly supported by the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, of which I am a proud member, and has a strong bipartisan list of cosponsors. I thank, again, Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIOfor their continued leadership on this and other aviation issues. I urge Members and all of us to support this legislation, including the bipartisan House General Aviation Caucus. Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, although I am glad the House of Representatives is taking a step in the right direction by reauthorizing the FAA for a few months, I am frustrated that we are not going as far as we could to protect lives that could be easily saved. On July 3, 2015, just over a year ago, there was a Flight for Life crash in Frisco, Colorado, in my district. The pilot died, and one person on board is still recovering from major burns. The death was caused not because of speed or pilot error, but simply because the fuel system didn’t have a crashresistant system that is already mandated in military helicopters. Representative PERLMUTTER and I have introduced the Helicopter Fuel System Safety Act, and that would require the FAA to install crashresistant fuel systems in newly manufactured helicopters by December 31, 2016. I am glad this reauthorization language moves the FAA in that direction, but I hope that we can move forward quickly to save lives and fix this. I was also disappointed I wasn’t allowed to offer several other amendments, including one which would have given local airports more flexibility in limiting flights, something of great concern for my district around flight noise for constituents near Longmont. I don’t know how many of you live near airports that have continuous flights with older planes, but I hear from my constituents often on this, and I wanted the opportunity to do something about it to make sure that they can enjoy their sleep and their peace and quiet of their neighborhoods. I hope to work with the FAA, the ranking member and chairman to give communities and airports the flexibility they need to have quiet skies in the future. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank the chairman for yielding. I appreciate his work on this legislation, and the ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO, as well. I really appreciate the way that they have worked collaboratively on this. Mr. Speaker, this FAA reauthorization works to ensure that our aviation system remains well equipped, secure, and safe for passengers and pilots alike. It provides vital enhancements to the U.S. aviation system by strengthening security, expanding TSA PreCheck, and requiring the FAA to give Congress quarterly reports on the number of civil or criminal disturbances that occur at airports. I am proud to say that this measure also includes my bill, H.R. 5292, the Air Traffic Controller Hiring Improvement Act. This legislation, which has over 243 bipartisan cosponsors in the House, will reform for the better the way we hire our air traffic controllers. It will improve the ATC system by exempting College Training Initiative graduates and military veterans from the controversial biographical questionnaire while still allowing the general public to apply to serve as controllers. H.R. 5292 also ensures the FAA directly notifies schools, such as Historically Black Colleges and HispanicServing Institutions, when ATC vacancy announcements are made. b1930 This bill is certainly a step in the right direction; although, I believe, Mr. Speaker, we have a long way to go to 
modernize the FAA and bring America’s ATO, or air traffic operation, into the 21st century. I certainly look forward to working with the chairman and my colleagues to make that a reality. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman’s and ranking member’s work on this. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016. The aeronautics research carried out by the Federal Aviation Administration is vital to our Nation’s prosperity. This is why earlier this year I introduced the FLIGHT R&D Act to authorize FAA’s civil aviation research and development authorization activities. The FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 includes many important research and development provisions. Specifically, the bill incorporates provisions from the FLIGHT R&D Act that pertain to unmanned aircraft systems and cybersecurity. But it is only a stopgap measure. We as a nation must ensure our civil aeronautics research and development activities are fully authorized. I look forward to working with my colleagues in both the House and Senate on completing a multiyear FAA authorization that will incorporate provisions of the FLIGHT R&D Act that are not in today’s extension. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, I want to thank Mr. DEFAZIO for working with us and with the Senate on this. I want to thank not only his staff for their hard work and long hours, but the staff on the majority side. They put in a lot of hours and a lot of late nights to make sure we have gotten to this point. So I want to thank them very, very much for their work. Finally, I want to thank two gentlemen who worked extremely hard and were tenacious in making sure we included thirdclass medical in this extension; that is, the voice of general aviation in the House, SAMGRAVES , who was, to say the least, relentless, as well as Senator INHOFE . Both worked extremely hard to made sure that thirdclass medical is in this, and that is extremely important to the GA community and the private pilots to make sure that we had that in here. So we are pleased it is in here. Again, I want to thank both Congressman SAMGRAVES from Missouri and Senator INHOFE for their hard work and their diligence. Again, let me thank the staff on both sides for their work, and I urge all my colleagues to support H. Res. 818. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 818. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5639) to update the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5639 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
The National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by striking sections 18, 19, and 19A and inserting the following: 
Section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5639, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman SMITH, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and House leadership for their help in bringing this legislation to the floor. The National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, Improvement Act of 2016 authorizes NIST to carry out its mission to promote U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science and technology. NIST was founded in 1901, and it is recognized as an authority of measurements and standards around the world. It is a vital partner for America’s technology and advanced industries that employ millions of hardworking Americans with goodpaying jobs. The legislation before us today requires independent reviews of NIST laboratory programs, makes changes to its educational and outreach efforts, and improves its industrial technical services. The improvements to industrial technical services, in particular, will assist thousands of small manufacturers, including those in Michigan’s Fourth District, with the expertise and advice they need when investing in new technologies crucial to the competitiveness of Michigan companies and their workers. Before yielding the floor, I also want to call my colleagues’ attention to NIST police and security issues in the NIST Campus Security Act, which will be brought up later today. Since last year, serious security incidents at NIST have raised concerns about the safety and security of its facilities. These lapses endanger thousands of NIST employees, visiting scientists, and the hundreds of thousands of people who live near NIST campuses. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee has held a number of hearings about these incidents and has passed the NIST Campus Security Act, which will be considered by the full House in a few minutes. This is a first step toward ensuring adequate physical security at NIST campuses, with more work still to be done. But returning to the legislation before us now, I urge my colleagues to support this reauthorization of NIST. NIST is the official timekeeper of the U.S. Government. It maintains measures and standards for the additives in our gasoline and helps us to develop a smarter, more secure electric grid. NIST conducts research that enhances our Nation’s technology, our economic security, and our quality of life. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5639, the National Institute of Standards and Technology Improvement Act of 2016. This bill was developed in a bipartisan manner and contains important provisions supporting NIST’s key role in increasing the productivity of small and mediumsized manufacturers, in training early career scientists and promoting U.S. innovation across all sectors of our economy. NIST’s core mission is to promote U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, standards, and technology. Measurement science and standards ensure that technologies and products we rely on daily in our homes, our workplace, and in every mode of transportation are safe, effective, and reliable. U.S. leadership and standards development also help U.S. businesses thrive in the evergrowing global market. In pursuit of its mission, NIST partners with the private sector and with other government agencies in precompetitive research and technology development in countless areas of national interest. This littleknown agency plays a critical role, and in many cases a leadership role, in cybersecurity, forensic science, engineering biology, disaster resilience, advanced manufacturing, and advanced communications, just to name a few. In the area of cybersecurity, NIST led the development of the widely praised Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity and leads the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education. The Framework is a voluntary guidance to help public and private owners of critical infrastructure organizations better manage their cybersecurity risk. In forensic science, NIST does important measurement science and facilitates standards development for forensic evidence. This week, I will be reintroducing my Forensic Science and Standards Act because the justice system must be just and fair for all, including the wrongfully accused. NIST is also at the forefront of engineering biology, an emerging technology. Last year, I introduced the Engineering Biology Research and Development Act of 2015 with my Science Committee colleague, Mr. SENSEN BRENNER . This would establish a framework for greater coordination of Federal investments in engineering biology research and ensure U.S. leadership in applications of this research to energy, manufacturing, agriculture, and health. H.R. 5639 supports NIST’s strong partnerships with the private sector, other government agencies, and universities to develop and apply the technology, measurements, and standards needed for new and improved products and services. The bill includes measures to ensure that NIST labs are best organized to meet the agency’s mission needs, that Federal agencies cooperate and share information on standards as needed, that NIST helps train and attract our Nation’s best and brightest measurement scientists, and that even our Nation’s smallest manufacturers have access to NIST resources and expertise. While I am supporting this bill, I do want to make a point about the importance of authorizing funds for all of these activities I have just described. As an authorizing committee, the 
Science, Space, and Technology Committee should make an informed recommendation for funding the agency’s critical work and the human and physical infrastructure that supports that work. NIST’s aging infrastructure is crumbling and creating safety issues. NIST struggles to compete with the private sector in attracting top, new technical talent. Congress continually expands the responsibilities and authorities of this important agency. If we want the agency to be successful, we must be willing to fund it. I support this bill today for what it does to encourage NIST’s public and private collaborative efforts; however, I look forward to providing funding recommendations in the near future for all of the important work that NIST does to promote innovation and maintain U.S. competitiveness. I want to thank Representative MOOLENAAR for introducing this bill and Chairman SMITH for moving it to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, the ranking member, for her support and leadership on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. Mr. SMITH of Texas. First of all, I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), the vice chairman of the Research and Technology Subcommittee, for introducing this important piece of legislation. I am pleased to cosponsor H.R. 5639, the National Institute of Standards and Technology Improvement Act of 2016, to authorize the policy and programs of this leading Department of Commerce technology agency. The National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, supports scientific and technical research and services that are critical to American innovation and industrial competitiveness. NIST helps maintain industrial and technical standards, manages cybersecurity guidelines for Federal agencies, and promotes U.S. innovation and international competitiveness that enhances economic security and improves our quality of life. In 2007, Congress passed and President Bush signed into law the first COMPETES Act, which implemented President Bush’s major domestic research policy priority, the American Competitiveness Initiative. The centerpiece of the American Competitiveness Initiative was the prioritization of basic research in the physical sciences and engineering. Physical sciences research develops and advances fundamental knowledge and foundational technologies that are used by scientists in nearly every other field. The American Competitiveness Initiative calls for strengthening Federal investments in these areas by reallocating existing Federal resources to the three major innovationenabling basic research agencies: the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy’s Office of Science and its national labs, and NIST’s core lab research and facilities, which is the subject of the bill before us tonight. b1945 H.R. 5639 authorizes NIST’s programs that contribute directly to U.S. economic competitiveness, including NIST laboratory programs, education and research initiatives for young scientists, and industrial technical services. Again, I want to thank Science Committee colleague, Vice Chairman MOOLENAAR , for his efforts, and I again urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage our colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5639, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY CAMPUS SECURITY ACT Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5636) to increase the effectiveness of and accountability for maintaining the physical security of NIST facilities and the safety of the NIST workforce. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5636 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology Campus Security Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5636, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5636, the National Institute of Standards and Technology Campus Security Act. I would like to thank Chairman SMITH for his hard work in bringing 
this bill through the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I chair the Oversight Subcommittee of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and my subcommittee has been involved in the investigation of security issues at the National Institute of Standards and Technology over the past year. Not only did a nowformer NIST police officer cause an explosion on the Gaithersburg campus while attempting to manufacture methamphetamine, there was also an alarming incident that took place on the NIST campus in Boulder, Colorado. In April, an individual with no identification, who was not an employee of NIST, was found in a building on the campus. The incident required a summons to county firefighters because of concerns that the individual may have been exposed to chlorine gas stored in the building’s ‘‘clean’’ room. He was eventually transported to the local hospital, and the incident is currently part of an ongoing criminal investigation. There are quite a few reasons why this situation is so concerning to me. First, how does a nonNIST employee get on a campus, into a secure building, and then into a room where potentially dangerous, hazardous, or poisonous chemicals may be present. Most importantly, how did all this take place without NIST police or security knowledge? And what is the extent of damage that an individual could have caused by having access to that building and room? For a Federal agency that received a notice of violation by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission just 1 year ago for failing to—and I quote—‘‘keep records showing the receipt, inventory, acquisition, transfer, and disposal of all special nuclear materials in its possession,’’ this is extremely concerning. In the National Regulatory Commission’s investigation, they discovered ‘‘radioactive material and sources that were not included’’ in the NIST inventory. While this raises additional accountability issues and concerns, it also emphasizes the need for adequate and effective security at NIST campuses. Having held numerous managerial and executive positions in the private and public sector, I know how important accountability is to the success and future of an organization. It is inexcusable that an important government agency like NIST is lagging behind in accountability, especially when it comes to the security and protection of its campuses and its employees. This legislation is an important example of how congressional oversight works. Being able to ‘‘check on and check the Executive’’ allows Congress to step in when an agency is lacking in efficiency and effectiveness to ensure adequate measures are taken and taxpayer dollars are protected. This bill directs the Department of Commerce Office of Security to get involved in the law enforcement and security programs at NIST. The bill also requires the Government Accountability Office to produce an analysis on the performance and efficiency of NIST security in its current state, make recommendations on how to improve security on NIST campuses, and look into the possibility of privatizing the NIST police force. This legislation takes an important step to protect the safety and security of those who work at, visit, and live in the vicinity of NIST campuses. We must take action to ensure accountability and effective security in one of our Nation’s oldest physical science laboratories. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. There have been two highprofile security incidents at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, NIST, facilities in the past year: one on the Gaithersburg campus and the other in Boulder, Colorado. These incidents have raised legitimate oversight questions that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has pursued through both hearings and a yearlong investigation. This bill, I take it, is meant to kick the investigation over to GAO since our own efforts, which were focused more on ‘‘gotcha’’ questions than substance, yielded little. Unfortunately, what this bill does not account for is that the security incidents also prompted the Director of NIST to take seriously the need to improve security policies, procedures, and management of the two NIST campuses. Last December, the Director, Dr. Willie May, convened an ad hoc panel of security experts to make recommendations accordingly. The experts made a number of significant recommendations on all aspects of NIST security. By mid April, the NIST Director had developed an action plan to immediately implement many of those recommendations while initiating more indepth studies of other recommendations. These are very positive steps on the part of the agency and should not be overlooked or, worse, undermined. Science Committee minority staff have received copies of both the recommendations and the action plan because they asked for it. I wonder if the majority also thought to ask for these documents before drafting this bill without any expert input. We certainly agree with the majority that the GAO may have an important role in the process of strengthening security at NIST. However, any such GAO review should take into account ongoing reform at NIST as well as the expert opinion of GAO itself. Majority and minority staff alike received an email from GAO experts the night before the committee markup expressing concern about the nature of some of the questions being asked of them in this legislation. Neither their feedback nor NIST’s own feedback was incorporated during the committee markup. The bill was rushed through the committee and now is being rushed to the floor. I am also quite puzzled as to the need for this bill since the chairman already sent a joint request to GAO, along with the chairman of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, for a similarly scoped review of NIST security. GAO confirmed that review is already in their work queue. At best, this is an exercise in duplication, and we always talk about saving money. At worst, it is the wasting of valuable expertise of the GAO on an ill conceived and illtimed report. This bill may lead to an inefficient use of taxpayers dollars, but, at the end of the day, it will not do any other harm. I have faith in the GAO to make lemonade out of lemons. For that reason, I am not opposing moving forward today. However, I do call on my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to take more seriously our oversight responsibility and our responsibility to the taxpayer by taking into consideration expert input and relevant activities at the agency in question before rushing a sloppy bill to the floor just for a press release. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Science, Space and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), who is the chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee, for his significant oversight work on this issue and for introducing the result of that work, this bill, H.R. 5636. I am pleased to cosponsor the National Institute of Standards and Technology Campus Security Act to help improve the safety and security of NIST facilities and their surrounding areas. Last July, a senior officer with the NIST Police Services Group attempted illegal production of meth at one of the laboratories located at NIST’s Gaithersburg, Maryland, campus. The officer, who was previously the acting chief of police at the Gaithersburg campus, amazingly caused an explosion that burned his face and arm and blew out the lab windows. It is shocking that a Federal agency didn’t know that a meth lab was being run on its property right under its nose, and, without the explosion, it might never have been discovered. The meth lab explosion and subsequent investigation have raised serious concerns about the safety and security of the entire NIST operation. 
Further, information obtained during the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s investigation of the meth lab appears to show a pattern of waste, fraud, abuse and misconduct by the NIST Police Services Group. For example, according to a recent Department of Commerce Inspector General’s report, the very officer who caused the explosion on NIST’s campus had committed time and attendance fraud by claiming that he worked many hours when he did not. So how do we know that this is not happening throughout the Police Services Group at NIST? These unfortunate examples undermine and jeopardize NIST’s mission to promote U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness, which enhances economic security and improves our quality of life. This legislation is an important step forward to analyze the work of NIST’s Police Services Group and outside contractors to ensure that they are adequately securing both NIST campuses to protect NIST employees, contractors, visitors, and surrounding communities from any potential hazards. This legislation and a thorough review, evaluation, and report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office will provide further recommendations and options to ensure a safe and secure NIST in the future. Again, I want to thank Chairman LOUDERMILK for his work on this matter, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in this bipartisan effort to ensure the safety and security of many—not just employees, but citizens and visitors to this important facility, and I urge them to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MOOLENAAR ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5636. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b2000 ELECTRICITY STORAGE INNOVATION ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5640) to provide for the establishment at the Department of Energy of an Electricity Storage Basic Research Initiative, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5640 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Electricity Storage Innovation Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5640, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 5640, the Electricity Storage Innovation Act, which is part of the majority leader’s Innovation Initiative in this House. The legislation will prioritize basic energy research and innovation and provides important statutory authority and direction for the Department of Energy’s groundbreaking basic research in electricity storage. Electricity storage is one of the next frontiers in our energy future. Innovations leading to advanced, next generation batteries could help bring affordable electricity and renewable energy to the market without costly subsidies or mandates. By investing in the basic scientific research that will lead to advanced battery technology, we can enable utilities to store and deliver power produced elsewhere on demand. This will allow us to take advantage of energy from all of our diverse national resources across the country. As the Nation’s lead Federal agency for basic research in the physical sciences, the Department of Energy’s Office of Science is the ideal leader for this fundamental scientific research. The DOE, national labs, and our universities have the resources and capacity to pursue the science necessary to understand and develop advanced electricity storage systems. H.R. 5640 authorizes the Secretary of Energy to carry out a basic research initiative of advanced chemical and material science focusing on multivalent systems, mesoscale electrochemistry, and highperformance computational modeling and simulation. This legislation also provides the necessary statutory direction and accountability for translational research in electricity storage, bridging the gap between fundamental science and private sector innovation. H.R. 5640 focuses the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy on early stage research that will not be undertaken by the private sector. H.R. 5640 also outlines the Federal Government’s role in research and development by prohibiting the use of this program’s funds for the commercial application of energy technology. The transformative breakthroughs in energy science achieved by researchers at our national labs will empower the private sector to develop innovative electricity storage technologies. The private sector is best suited to bring new battery technology to the commercial energy market. By directing DOE to conduct this research using existing funds in the Office of Science and the EERE, this legislation ensures responsible use of limited tax dollars for basic research. In short, there is no new or additional spending in this bill. Scientific research, like the work authorized in this Electricity Storage Innovation Act, requires a longterm commitment. While this groundbreaking science will eventually support the development of new, advanced energy technology by the private sector, Congress must ensure limited Federal dollars are spent wisely and efficiently. Federal research and development can build a foundation for the next major scientific breakthrough. As we shape the future of the Department of Energy, we must prioritize basic energy science and research that only the Federal Government has the resources and mission to pursue. I want to thank my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for their bipartisan support of this important basic research initiative. I encourage all of my House colleagues to support this legislation tonight. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I welcome the opportunity to do everything we can to advance research in electricity storage. Advanced battery technologies can improve the stability of our electric grid and greatly enhance our ability to efficiently use the wide range of clean energy resources that our country is lucky enough to have at our disposal. This area of research could go a long way to addressing one of the most critical issues of our time: climate change. I appreciate the chairman’s enthusiasm for moving as quickly as possible to combat this serious threat. However, I think we could have taken at least a little more time to make sure that we are doing this the right way before rushing this to the floor. Minority committee staff only saw early draft language of this bill a few weeks ago, and last Tuesday, the Department of Energy raised some significant concerns with the current bill. Of particular concern is the bill’s attempt to limit the initiative that it authorizes to basic research activities. As we heard from every single witness at a hearing that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee held on this topic just a month ago, as well as from DOE, there is no clear boundary that divides basic and applied research. It is not realistic, and certainly goes against our general understanding of the scientific discovery and innovation, to try to confine the activities of our top researchers in this way. Moreover, this cuts against OMB’s definition of the difference between basic and applied research, which actually depends on what these researchers had in mind when they were making their discoveries. DOE noted that the activities ascribed in this bill would easily be considered applied research. So language attempting to restrict the initiative authorized in this bill to basic research activities could create an inherent conflict in its implementation. Mr. TAKANO offered an amendment in the committee to address the problem in our markup last week, but, unfortunately, it fell on deaf ears in the majority and was rejected. I do not believe that the issues the Department has raised are insurmountable, but I still believe that there was little reason to take this approach when there was ample opportunity to do this in a more bipartisan way. That said, I do not oppose passage of this bill today in the hope that we can turn it into something we can all support in partnership with our friends in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), who is the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5640, the Electricity Storage Innovation Act. This legislation directs the Department of Energy to focus on basic research that provides the foundation for technology breakthroughs in battery storage technology. In the field of electricity storage research, there is a lot of excitement about more efficient batteries that could operate for longer durations under decreased charge times, but not enough people are asking about how we could design a battery system that moves more electrons at the atomic level—a key aspect to drastically increasing the efficiency or power in a battery. This transformational approach, known as multivalent ion intercalation, will use the foundational study of electrochemistry to build a better battery from the ground up. Mr. Speaker, in Congress, we must take the longterm view. We must be patient. We must make smart investments in research that can lead to the next big discovery. H.R. 5640 authorizes the fundamental chemistry and materials research that can lead to advanced electricity storage technology and allows us to gain new knowledge 
SOLAR FUELS INNOVATION ACT Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5638) to provide for the establishment at the Department of Energy of a Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5638 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Solar Fuels Innovation Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5638, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today it is my honor and privilege to bring H.R. 5638, the Solar Fuels Innovation Act, to the House of Representatives with several of my colleagues. This bill, the first solar R&D bill to be considered on the House floor this Congress, will advance the policies of the America COMPETES Act that passed the House last year and establish a basic research initiative and groundbreaking solar fuels. The solar fuel process, also known as artificial photosynthesis, harnesses energy from sunlight to create a range of chemical fuels. Basic research in artificial photosynthesis and related research could lead to a solar fuels system that consolidates solar power and energy storage into a cohesive process and fundamentally change the way we extract energy from our natural resources. This would be a game changer for our country. Scientists up and down the coast of California are undertaking this research, from universities in southern California to Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in the bay area. Research authorized in this legislation could solve this key scientific challenge and open the door for American entrepreneurs to develop the next generation of solar technology. The Solar Fuels Innovation Act will also enable universities and the DOE labs to train the next generation of scientists through a multidisciplinary approach, bringing together students in chemistry, physics, and materials science. This legislation provides a framework for more coordination between basic research and earlystage translational research in solar fuels. b2015 H.R. 5638 refocuses the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy on the earlystage research where the Federal Government can have the most significant impact. H.R. 5638 reaffirms the Federal Government’s key role in research and development. This legislation is also fiscally responsible. By directing DOE to conduct this research using existing funds in the Office of Science and EERE, this legislation ensures the responsible use of limited tax dollars for the kind of research only the Federal Government has the tools to undertake. Today, we hear a lot of enthusiasm for solar power. But far too often, we focus on today’s technology, not the fundamentally new approach to renewable energy that is possible with this earlystage research. In Congress, it is our responsibility to take the longterm view and be patient, making smart investments in research that can lead to the next big discovery. DOE must focus on the kind of groundbreaking R&D that can lead to disruptive technology. Solar fuels could someday change the way we think about solar power. I would like to thank my colleagues who joined me in introducing this bill and the many research institutions that offered letters of support. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I support doing all we can to advance research in solar fuels. These technologies aim to produce fuels like hydrogen and hydrocarbons from a combination of sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide, and do this far more efficiently than nature’s photosynthetic process. If we can figure out a way to make these technologies cost competitive, solar fuels have the potential to make a major contribution to reducing our dependence on oil and other traditional fossil fuels. But as with the Electricity Storage Innovation Act, I believe we could have taken a little more time to do this in the right way. Last week, the Department of Energy raised many of the same concerns with this bill that it had with the last one, including its attempt to arbitrarily legislate a bright line between ‘‘basic’’ and ‘‘applied’’ research when this is neither realistic nor helpful. Further, I would note that there is absolutely nothing wrong with Federal support for socalled applied research. Indeed, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have had no issue with supporting what would typically be called applied research and development when it dealt with nuclear technologies, oil and gas drilling technologies, or other fossil fuel technologies. Clean power technologies should be treated no differently. That said, I do not oppose the passage of this bill today in the hope that we can turn it into something we can all support in partnership with our friends in the Senate. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the gentleman from California, Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman KNIGHT , for yielding me time on H.R. 5638, the Solar Fuels Innovation Act. This legislation provides necessary statutory authority and direction to the Department of Energy’s groundbreaking solar fuels research program. I appreciate Vice Chairman Knight developing and introducing this legislation, which is the product of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s hearings, oversight, and stakeholder outreach. Research to create fuels from the Sun, also known as artificial photosynthesis and photosynthesis replication, relies heavily on the study of advanced chemistry and materials science. By prioritizing these areas of fundamental physical science, researchers at our national labs and universities across the country can develop processes that take energy from sunlight and create a range of chemical fuels. This basic research could provide the scientific and technical underpinnings for the private sector to develop solar fuel systems that eliminate the problem of the intermittency of direct solar energy and make it a reliable power source for chemical fuels production. H.R. 5638 authorizes the Secretary of Energy to carry out a targeted basic research initiative on photochemistry, electrochemistry, biochemistry, and the materials science necessary to develop the complex systems to convert sunlight into usable and storable fuels. H.R. 5638 focuses the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy on earlystage research that will not be undertaken by the private sector. DOE must focus on this kind of groundbreaking R&D while the private sector is responsible for finding ways to deploy innovative technology in the commercial energy market. 
SEPARATION OF POWERS RESTORATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 796 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4768. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ) kindly take the chair. b2027 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions, with Mr. MOOLENAAR (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, all time for general debate had expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 4768 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–641. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–641. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), I offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent necessary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as otherwise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 796, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, the Conyers amendment would exempt from H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016, regulations promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency that protect drinking water from lead and copper contamination. b2030 The Conyers amendment does not address a hypothetical concern. The recent leadcontaminated water crisis that occurred in Flint, Michigan, is only the latest in a history of cases of contaminated drinking water. Without question, the Flint crisis was a preventable public health disaster. The lead contamination occurred because an unelected and unaccountable emergency manager decided to switch the city’s water source to the Flint River without there being the benefit of proper corrosion control. As a result, corrosive water leached highly toxic lead from residents’ water pipes, exposing thousands of children to lead, which, in turn, can cause permanent developmental damage. While much of the blame for the Flint water crisis rests with unelected bureaucrats who prioritized saving money over saving lives, the presence of lead in drinking water is not unique to Flint. The drinking water of potentially millions of Americans may be contaminated by lead. In fact, just last month, elevated lead levels were detected in the drinking water supplied to the Cannon House Office Building right here on Capitol Hill. It is a commonsense amendment, and it is common sense that urgent rulemakings, such as the EPA’s proposed revisions to its Lead and Copper Rule, must not be impeded or delayed by measures such as H.R. 4768. Even before the Flint water crisis, the Agency had begun the process of updating this Rule, which was originally promulgated in 1991 after years of analysis. Rather than hastening this rulemaking, however, H.R. 4768 would have the opposite effect. The bill would empower wellfunded business interests to seek the judicial review of any regulation they opposed by a generalist, politically unaccountable court that lacks the requisite scientific or technical knowledge. The court could then make its own, independent determination based on its nonexpert views and limited information as to whether the Agency’s proposed regulation is warranted. The Conyers amendment simply preserves longstanding legal doctrine in cases involving the review of regulations that are designed to prevent the contamination of drinking water by lead and copper. It is critical that Americans have access to safe drinking water, and we must not hinder the ability of Federal agencies, such as the EPA, to prevent future lead contamination crises, as occurred in Flint. Federal judges, who are constitutionally insulated from political accountability, should not have the power to secondguess the Agency’s experts concerning the appropriateness of highly technical regulations that are crucial to protecting the health and safety of millions of Americans. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support the Conyers amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, the amendment carves out of the bill regulations on lead and copper in drinking water. In so doing, it would preserve unelected bureaucrats’ broad discretion to impose on the public overarching statutory and regulatory interpretations in this policy area. This amendment would all but guarantee that these unaccountable bureaucrats won’t have to worry any more than they do right now about courts checking on their selfserving interpretations. It would let agencies get away with just as much as they do right now in basing overreaching regulations on tortured interpretations of existing statutes instead of coming to Congress for new legislation because the plain terms of existing law really don’t support what they want to do. In short, the amendment seeks to perpetuate the Chevron and our doctrine’s weakening of the separation of powers, a weakening that threatens liberty and that undermines the accountable government of, by, and for the people. Mr. Chair, no one denies that drinking water regulation is important, but no area of regulation is so important that it should allow unelected bureaucrats to avoid a vigorous system of checks and balances that our Framers intended, a system that this bill would restore. Bureaucrats should know that they will face vigorous judicial checks and balances when they act so that they have the strongest incentives to offer the best possible statutory and regulatory grounds for their actions and to carry out the most responsible and fair enforcement possible. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–641. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), who has an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent necessary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as otherwise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 796, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for standing as the amendment was being called up. Mr. Chair, I am on the floor. This is the Jackson Lee amendment. I hope the RECORD reflects it and corrects that I am here. The RECORD should be corrected. This is an amendment that deals with homeland security, and it reflects my general debate statement that there are some restraints that this particular legislation has that are not well suited for the needs of the American people. In this instance, this particular amendment deals with homeland security and the agency rules and regulations that are issued by the Department of Homeland Security. As currently drafted, H.R. 4768 would shift the scope and authority of the judicial review of agency actions away from Federal agencies by amending section 706 of the APA to require that courts decide all relevant questions of law, including all questions of interpretation of constitutional statutory and regulatory provisions on a de novo basis without deference to the agency that promulgated the final rule. I am concerned about the ability of agencies to act in times of imminent need to protect citizens, in particular, dealing with homeland security and the very climate, Mr. Chair, that we are in as we speak. The Jackson Lee amendment is a simple, but necessary, revision that would remedy this concern by excluding from the bill cases with rules that are made by the Secretary of Homeland Security and that pertain to any matter of national security. Why can there not be a bipartisan assessment and accepting of this particular amendment that deals with the core of our responsibilities as President, as the executive, and then as Congress? We are destined to be able to secure the security of America. Our courts, particularly the Federal courts, are to uphold the constitutional authority that is given to the Federal Government under the Constitution. The instance, certainly, of national security—the protecting of this Nation—is one of those. The Constitution begins by saying that we have organized to create a more perfect Union. The Declaration of Independence, which is not part of the Constitution, indicates the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Liberty is certainly part of security, and I am dismayed by this legislation— this onerous burden of having a de novo review of the Homeland Security rule to protect the American people. We should have learned our lesson after 9/11 for those of us who were here in the United States Congress. This is no reflection on the good intent of my colleague from Texas. I know his intentions are well, but I was here during 9/11. I was in this building. I was chased, if you will, by the horrors of those who were screaming ‘‘get out’’ of the Capitol of the United States with no knowledge. Yes, Mr. Chair, as I ran out with other colleagues, leaving shoes behind and literally running on one foot versus two feet, I could see the billowing smoke from the Pentagon. What was in the air was the question of: Is it the White House next? Is it the State Department next? Is it my hometown of Houston—the energy capital, in essence, of the world? These are the questions of security that the American people realize are real. And certainly in the backdrop of these tragic mass shootings and the involvement of the Homeland Security Department, I can make the very strong point that the Jackson Lee amendment is an amendment that should be considered seriously because a de novo review on a Homeland Security regulation is a difficult process to take in light of the responsibilities of national security. My amendment would keep in place the appropriate and needed expertise and specialized abilities of the Department of Homeland Security to make the rules and regulations that are necessary for our Nation’s security; so I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman SESSIONS and Ranking Member S LAUGHTER  for making my amendment in order. The Jackson Lee Amendment Number 2 exempts from the bill rules issued by the Department of Homeland Security. H.R. 4768 purports to address constitutional and statutory deficiencies in the judicial review of agency rulemaking. As currently drafted H.R. 4768 would shift the scope and authority of judicial review of agency actions away from federal agencies by amending Section 706 of the Administrative Procedures Act (APA) to ‘‘require that courts decide all relevant questions of law, including all questions of interpretation of constitutional, statutory, and regulatory provisions, on a de novo basis without deference to the agency that promulgated the final rule’’. Effectively, H.R. 4768 would abolish judicial deference to agencies’ statutory interpretations in federal rulemaking and create harmful and costly burdens to the administrative process. Mr. Chair, I am concerned about the ability for agencies to act in times of imminent need to protect citizens. In particular, H.R. 4768 would make sweeping and dangerous changes that would jeopardize the ability of the Department of Homeland Security to protect our nation in times of urgent and imminent need. The Jackson Lee Amendment Number 2 is a simple but necessary revision that would remedy this concern by excluding from the bill cases with rules made by the Secretary of Homeland Security and pertaining to any matter of national security. As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, I understand the many challenges the Department of the Homeland Security (DHS) already faces and its critically important role in preventing terror threats and keeping Americans safe. The Department is the first line of defense in protecting the nation and leading recovery efforts from allhazards and threats which include everything from weapons of mass destruction to natural disasters. We do not need to be reminded of the heightened state of security we are now in and the everincreasing demands imposed upon our government agencies tasked with keeping our borders and citizens safe. Now is not the time to undermine or slow the ability of DHS and its ability to address growing threats and active acts of terrorism. For the past 70 years the APA has served and guided administrative agencies and the affected public in a manner that is flexible enough to accommodate the variety of agencies operating under it inclusive of changes through time. The overall mission of DHS is too critical and its functions indispensably essential, such that it would be impugned to do anything that will slow down the process that allows DHS to do its job. The Jackson Lee Amendment Number 2 would keep in place the appropriate and needed expertise and specialized abilities of the Department of Homeland Security to make rules and regulations necessary for our nation’s security. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment Number 2. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, while I respect the gentlewoman’s service and the spirit in which she offers this amendment, this amendment carves out of the bill national security regulations from the Department of Homeland Security. As we all know, Mr. Chair, the Department of Homeland Security is an agency that has a long 
record of significant, unconstitutional regulatory overreach. To that end, we should be strengthening the courts’ ability to check that, not weakening it, as the gentlewoman’s amendment would do. Again, no area of regulation is so important that we should allow unelected bureaucrats to avoid the vigorous system of checks and balances that our Framers intended and that this bill would restore; so I urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for claiming the time, but I do want the RECORD to reflect that this is a Jackson Lee amendment. However the RECORD can correct it, I desire for it to do so. This amendment is in keeping with Justice Scalia, who was an aggressively vocal supporter of the Chevron deference during his career. It is an indication of just how broad and mainstream the support is for maintaining such deference, and that is deference to the agencies and their reviews and their expertise. With the de novo scenario that this bill provides for, in spite of its alleged exemptions of national security issues, there is a vast level of responsibility of the Homeland Security Department. Frankly, all of its work comes under the context of regular order for protecting the American people—from immigration issues, to policing issues, to Secret Service—and many of these should not be tampered with by a de novo review of the regulatory scheme that they will be putting forward. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to secure the Nation. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, the Chevron doctrine is the primary driver of regulatory overreach. It should be overturned. This bill would do that; so I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. b2045 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, am I able to request a unanimous consent to make that the amendment from Jackson Lee? The Acting CHAIR. The Chair would not entertain that request in the Committee of the Whole. AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–641. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent necessary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as otherwise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 796, the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, let me start by saying straight out that I do not support the underlying bill. I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment that would lessen the negative budget impact of this bill and exempt any rules issued by the Department of Housing and Urban Development from additional judicial review and delay. I think this is important for all of us in the House, whether we be Democrats or Republicans. First, in dealing with the overall bill, it would severely hamstring and weaken our country’s regulatory agencies. Dating back more than 100 years, regulatory agencies have executed congressional directives or identified public problems and fixed them utilizing their agency’s expertise. This bill undercuts agencies’ ability to do both of those things. It also throws out of balance our systems of checks and balances. Recently, we witnessed a public health crisis in Flint, Michigan, where thousands did not have access to safe, potable drinking water. Is the natural response to this crisis to hinder the very agencies who are supposed to protect the public? It is not the natural response. It is the wrong response. We shouldn’t tie the hands of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Health and Human Services, and other agencies whose main objective is to protect our citizens. In attacking Federal agencies that protect the public with safeguards, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are actually attacking the public interest. One of these agencies that advances the public interest is the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, better known as HUD. HUD provides rental assistance, affordable housing, and community development block grants, all of which are enormously important for people throughout our great Nation. I grew up in public housing, so I know the importance of programs that put a roof over a family’s head. Also, community development block grants are helping to rebuild cities like New York in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, which devastated so many families. Furthermore, HUD prevents discrimination in housing and in lending. It ensures that landlords cannot deny housing to someone based on his or her race, religion, national origin, or disability. HUD also helps lowincome families secure housing. Prospective buyers receive HUD assistance when buying their first home, which is oftentimes the biggest investment they will make in their lifetime. HUD, therefore, offers the opportunity for wealth accumulation and gives folks the pride that comes along with owning a home. Indeed, HUD keeps the American Dream of home ownership alive. For our veterans, who have served their Nation with honor and deserve our unending support, HUD helps them secure housing. HUD provides homeless individuals with necessary resources to help them overcome homelessness. Individuals who suffer domestic violence also receive assistance from HUD, and we must continue to provide these victims with a safe space, protected from their abusers. All of these populations deserve continual and robust support from HUD and our Federal Government. These are just a few examples of the impact of HUD’s work and all of the people it helps. I could honestly say that it is one of the most visible and beneficial agencies that serves all of our constituents. So I am a supporter of HUD, and I believe in all of its good work. I offer my amendment to protect HUD, as it has protected so many Americans and their families. My amendment would exempt rules issued by HUD from being included in this bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote for my amendment to relieve HUD from these foolish attacks. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment. This is an amendment which carves out of the bill regulations issued by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Chairman, there is no basis upon which to single out HUD as an agency 
to which courts should defer on questions of statutory and regulatory interpretation. To the contrary, HUD has proven that it can overreach just as egregiously, just as oppressively as any other agency, and, therefore, needs just as strong a check and balance from the courts like any other agency. Mr. Chairman, like too many of its sister agencies, HUD is attempting to use Federal regulation to unconstitutionally assert control over wide swaths of American life. To see this, one need look no further than HUD’s controversial regulation in 2015 that threatens to federalize local zoning authority. That regulation would withhold Federal funding if municipalities all across the land don’t actively work to change residential patterns that don’t conform to the desires of HUD bureaucrats. The regulation is a major extension of HUD’s authority. It challenges local, neutral zoning policies merely because they produce uneven effects across population groups. And the use of the withholding of Federal funds to make localities knuckle under to HUD’s dictates is an attempt to extort local communities into giving up control of local zoning decisions that have traditionally been theirs under the Constitution. A decision like HUD’s is precisely the kind of decision in a democracy that should be made by accountable, elected representatives of the people, not by the fiat of bureaucrats emboldened by smug claims to Chevron deference from the courts. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, let me say, first of all, this bill is not going anywhere, fortunately, because this deceptively named Separation of Powers Restoration Act is something that really would hurt America and the American people. So I urge to let’s make the bill better by passing my amendment and other amendments that you have heard earlier. But the underlying bill is a bad bill. It is bad for our people, and we should vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill also. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–641. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent necessary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as otherwise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 796, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which exempts from the bill rules issued by agencies pursuant to their express statutory authority. H.R. 4768 is a misguided and dangerous bill that simply does not understand courts must always give effect to clearly expressed congressional intent under current law. H.R. 4768 would dismantle decades of judicial practice and establish generalist courts as superregulators with sweeping authority over the outcome, and perhaps even substance, of agency rulemaking even where Congress expressly grants authority for agency action. At the subcommittee hearing on the bill, the majority’s own witness, Professor Jack Beermann, testified that the bill ‘‘may go too far’’ by disabling ‘‘reviewing courts from taking into account the views of an administering agency on questions of statutory interpretation.’’ Professor Beermann expressed additional concerns that H.R. 4768 may frustrate Congress’ intent for highly technical areas in which Congress expects an agency to apply its expertise. Furthermore, as Professor Beermann testified, in areas where Congress expressly grants authority for an agency to undertake an action, such as defining a term, H.R. 4768 would represent a ‘‘fundamental shift in authority’’ while making it difficult for Congress to allow deference where appropriate. The lateJustice Scalia held a similar view on judicial deference. Writing for the majority in the City of Arlington, Texas v. FCC, Justice Scalia argued that requiring a de novo review of every agency rule without any standards to guide this review would result in an ‘‘openended hunt for congressional intent,’’ rendering the binding effect of agency rules unpredictable and eviscerating ‘‘the whole stabilizing purpose of Chevron. The excessive agency power that the dissent fears would be replaced by chaos.’’ In recognition of these concerns, my amendment would exempt from the bill agency rules promulgated in response to a clear and unequivocal mandate from Congress. Without my amendment and notwithstanding the endearing title of the bill, H.R. 4768 would create countervailing separation of powers concerns by casting aside Congress’ role in shaping agency rules in favor of judicial activism. As a group of our Nation’s leading administrative law experts have observed, H.R. 4768 is disruptive to the careful equilibrium that the full body of administrative law doctrine seeks to achieve. Administrative law is not perfect, but this bill tilts too strongly in favor of judicial power at the expense of the other two branches. In other words, the likely outcome of enacting this unwise proposal would be more power in the hands of a single branch of government that is unelected and unaccountable to the people. This policy concern is the very foundation of the Chevron doctrine. As the Court noted in Chevron, judges ‘‘are not experts in the field, and are not part of either political branch of the Government.’’ H.R. 4768 is not a new idea, but it is a bad idea. Congress considered and rejected a proposal such as this over three decades ago. It wasn’t a good idea then, and it is a worse idea now. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. It is an amendment which carves out of my bill agency action based on statutes that expressly grant agency discretion. As agencies seek to act within areas of statutory discretion, courts are more than able, more than qualified to determine responsibly whether the agencies have, in fact, acted within their discretion. Furthermore, Mr. Chairman, it is imperative that courts no longer defer to agencies, in defining as a matter of statutory interpretation, precisely what the limits of that discretion are. Otherwise, selfserving, unelected, and unaccountable bureaucrats will continue to interpret statutes in such a way as to intentionally empower agency overreach, and the courts will continue to stand idly by and let them get away with it. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. I will again urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 2 be withdrawn to the end that the amendment stand disposed of by voice vote. That was the amendment that was originally styled the Jackson Lee amendment No. 2, which I was asked to present by designation. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the ‘‘noes’’ have it, and the amendment is not agreed to. There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–641. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent necessary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as otherwise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 796, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would exempt from the bill any rule issued by the Food and Drug Administration that pertains to consumer safety. This amendment is necessary to safeguard the public health and safety of American consumers from the bill’s burdensome regulatory framework, which would significantly delay or prevent critical rules that protect public health and safety from being issued by the FDA. Just recently, the FDA finally implemented the bipartisan FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, which was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Obama in 2011, representing the most substantial reform to food safety in over 70 years. According to the Centers for Disease Control, one in six Americans gets sick every year from foodborne diseases. That is 48 million people yearly. Of these 48 million people, 3,000 every year die from diseases that are largely preventable. Under authority and clear regulatory framework achieved by the Food Safety Modernization Act, the FDA’s finalized rules will prevent foodborne illnesses and outbreaks associated with contaminated produce among other important protections. In its letter opposing H.R. 4768, the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, which represents more than 150 labor, food, and health safety and environmental public interest groups, notes that H.R. 4768 will lead to ‘‘regulatory paralysis,’’ particularly for rules related to the food safety sector. Without this amendment, rules protecting the public’s food supply at best would be delayed for months or even years, causing substantial confusion and delay in all agency rulemaking. At worst, the bill gives generalist courts unbridled discretion to make substantive determinations concerning agencies’ statutory authority. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, which carves out of the bill consumer safety regulations from the Food and Drug Administration. While this is an important area of regulation, unfortunately, it is yet another area which has been riddled with bureaucratic overreach by unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats and their erroneous whims and political agendas. Mr. Chairman, we should strengthen the courts’ ability to check these types of overreaching and erroneous statutory and regulatory interpretations, not weaken them, as this amendment would do. I urge opposition to the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a July 11 letter from the Union of Concerned Scientists and also a July 5 letter from the AFL–CIO, both opposing H.R. 4768, the socalled Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. 
UNION OF CONCERNED SCIENTISTS , July 11, 2016. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, representing more than 500,000 members and supporters across the country, strongly opposes H.R. 4768, the deceptively named ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act.’’ This misguided legislation would abolish agency deference, a wellestablished framework under Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, which allows federal agencies that have the scientific and technical expertise, to interpret and administer laws passed by Congress. Instead, H.R. 4768 would undermine the scientific expertise at federal agencies. Courts should be deferring to technical experts at agencies to help actualize our landmark public health, safety, and environmental laws, all of which are grounded in the use of science. If agency deference is abandoned, then the use of scientific analysis and evidence in policymaking would be severely restricted. Furthermore, by placing important sciencebased public health, safety, and environmental policy decisions in the hands of judges who lack specialized knowledge of the technical aspects of the issues agencies must deal with, there may in fact be an increase in regulatory uncertainty for all stakeholders. What H.R. 4768 really seeks to do is subvert wellestablished legal norms that govern the development and implementation of science based safeguards that are vital to protecting the health and safety of Americans, especially communities of color and low income communities, who often face the biggest public health, safety, and environmental threats. Vulnerable communities and populations stand to lose the most when the process to enact these safeguards is crippled, exacerbating long standing inequity. Congress writes the laws to ensure access to clean air and water, safe consumer products, and untainted food and drugs. Federal agencies fulfill those mandates and have the necessary scientific expertise to do so. If Congress believes that an agency is misinterpreting the intent of a statute, it has the power to enact new legislation to establish clear and precise criteria and boundaries for the executive to carry out. This is the commonsense approach. We urge Congress to improve the use of science in our federal policymaking, and work to strengthen sciencebased safeguards, not undermine them. This harmful legislation would give judges the ability to override scientific expertise and the administrative record and instead substitute their own inexpert views with limited information. We strongly urge a no vote on H.R. 4768. It is just another recipe for stymieing sciencebased safeguards and does not deserve your support. Sincerely, ANDREW A. R OSENBERG , PH.D., Director, Center for Science and Democracy, Union of Concerned Scientists. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I again urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having assumed the chair, Mr. MOOLENAAR , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions, had come to no resolution thereon. 
HONORING VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the selfless service of volunteer firefighters across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, our Commonwealth, and the United States of America. Yesterday, as a 35year veteran of my own community volunteer fire department, I joined with volunteer firefighters and actually one paid fire company from across the Fifth Congressional District in discussing their service and the challenges that they are facing. I was proud to be joined by more than 20 departments tasked with serving in communities and places such as Erie, Jefferson, Elk, McKean, Venango, Potter, and Clarion Counties. As a volunteer firefighter myself, I was very interested to hear about their concerns regarding funding, adequate training, and one of the biggest problems facing volunteer fire companies: declining enrollment and manpower. I look forward to working with each of these companies in the future to help address many of these issues. It is hard to overstate the importance of the volunteer men and women who put their lives on the line in order to protect their neighbors and their communities. I have the highest degree of respect for their service, and I look forward to continued cooperation in the future. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4992, UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5119, NO 2H2O FROM IRAN ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5631, IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. STIVERS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–682) on the resolution (H. Res. 819) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5119) to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Federal department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the purchase of heavy water produced in Iran; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5538, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. STIVERS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–683) on the resolution (H. Res. 820) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from July 15, 2016, through September 5, 2016; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
FEW AMERICANS BELIEVE THE MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent study on the media was conducted by the Newseum Institute and USA Today. 
Not surprisingly, it found that three quarters of Americans feel the news media are biased in reporting, and only 10 percent said the Presidential election coverage has been ‘‘very accurate.’’ Most Americans realize the liberal national media are trying to destroy Donald Trump and elect Hillary Clinton, but the media are paying a heavy price for their biased coverage—they are destroying their credibility in the process. The danger of a biased media goes beyond two individuals and an election. It is a threat to democracy, itself, when the voters can’t get the facts. The media should not tell Americans what to think. They are smart enough to decide for themselves. As the study determined, you just can’t believe what the liberal national media says. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. MARINO (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and July 12 on account of medical reasons. Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through July 15. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1777. An act to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. H.R. 4372. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 8, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3766. To direct the President to establish guidelines for covered United States foreign assistance programs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, July 12, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5322. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States (Rept. 114–673). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 3178. A bill to simplify and streamline the information regarding institutions of higher education made publicly available by the Secretary of Education, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–674). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 3179. A bill to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–675). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5529. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize additional grant activities for Hispanicserving institutions; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 676). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5530. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to modify certain provisions relating to the capital financing of historically Black colleges and universities; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 677). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5528. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to simplify the FAFSA, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–678). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5636. A bill to increase the effectiveness of and accountability for maintaining the physical security of NIST facilities and the safety of the NIST workforce (Rept. 114–679). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5638. A bill to provide for the establishment at the Department of Energy of a Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative; with an amendment (Rept. 114–680). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5640. A bill to provide for the establishment at the Department of Energy of an Electricity Storage Basic Research Initiative; with an amendment (Rept. 114–681). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 819. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5119) to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Federal department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the purchase of heavy water produced in Iran; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–682). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 820. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from July 15, 2016, through September 5, 2016; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–683). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 5707. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain index fund investments from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. SIRES, Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5708. A bill to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5709. A bill to improve Federal employee compliance with Federal and Presidential recordkeeping requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. BRAT, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. FLEMING , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. O LSON , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. YOHO): H.R. 5710. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prevent unlawful aliens from enlisting in the United States Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan (for himself and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 5711. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MESSER (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 5712. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to flatline the individual mandate penalty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. PASCRELL ): H.R. 5713. A bill to provide for the extension of certain longterm care hospital Medicare payment rules, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratoriumexcepted long term care hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. L YNCH ): H.R. 5714. A bill to restore the financial solvency and improve the governance of the United States Postal Service in order to ensure the efficient and affordable nationwide delivery of mail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 5715. A bill to prohibit the ExportImport Bank of the United States from providing financing that would benefit Iran; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5716. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from issuing certain licenses in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an annual report on the status of, and risks related to, U.S. financial institutions involved with the sale or lease of such a commercial passenger aircraft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 5717. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to improve collection of Medicaid data and to expand coverage of tobacco cessation services to mothers of newborns; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. STEWART , and Mrs. L OVE): H.R. 5718. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to acquire and to convey certain lands or interests in lands in Utah, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5719. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. DONOVAN, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. LANCE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 5720. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require the deployment of law enforcement personnel at airport screening locations at very large airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 5721. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. M CCARTHY , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. N EAL, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. LYNCH , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. KEATING , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. ROBY, Mr. U PTON , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. H OYER , Mr. BURGESS , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. NEWHOUSE , and Ms. S TEFANIK ): H.R. 5722. A bill to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 5723. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a temporary exception to the site neutral payment rate for certain discharges from longterm care hospitals that involve severe wounds; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 5724. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 5725. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require websitebased, realtime responses to requests to verify taxpayer income for legitimate business purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. KNIGHT ): H.R. 5726. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to post at certain locations the average national wait times for veterans to receive an appointment for health care at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. L EE, Mr. HONDA , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): H. Con. Res. 143. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress relating to the disapproval of certain activities of certain companies, trade associations, foundations, and organizations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. FLORES , Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. B LUM, Mr. HANNA , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. K ING of New York, and Mrs. WAGNER ): H. Res. 817. A resolution expressing continued support for the special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom and urging commencement of negotiations for the development of a North Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (NATIP) between the United States and the United Kingdom; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself and Mr. DEFAZIO): H. Res. 818. A resolution providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendments to H.R. 636, with amendments; considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 508: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 632: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 711: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 855: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 923: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 969: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 1076: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1089: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1151: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 1153: Mr. HILL. H.R. 1192: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 1312: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1342: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 1427: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 1686: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. BEATTY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1706: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1752: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 1904: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1911: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 1943: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2096: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 2124: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. KUSTER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H URDof Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2216: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 2283: Mr. VARGAS and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2302: Mr. POLIS, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. ENGEL , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2342: Mr. BLUM and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2403: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2404: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 2411: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 2660: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2663: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 2694: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2698: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 2715: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2739: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. DUFFY , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2846: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2903: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 2916: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 2917: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 2992: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 3012: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 3108: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3110: Mr. NEAL and Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3229: Mr. RICEof South Carolina and Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 3235: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3308: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. P IERLUISI . H.R. 3375: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 3470: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3486: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3542: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 3687: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 3713: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 3882: Ms. LEE, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. NADLER . H.R. 3929: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. G RANGER , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4027: Ms. KUSTER and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 4034: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4062: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 4247: Mr. MCHENRY and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 4365: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania, and Ms. HAHN. H.R. 4479: Ms. TITUS, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 4514: Mr. HANNA and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 4524: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. T EDLIEU of California. H.R. 4558: Ms. NORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4584: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4592: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4603: Mr. TONKO , Mr. M URPHY of Flor ida, and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4614: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. H.R. 4616: Mr. HIMES and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 4622: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4626: Mr. FORBES , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4689: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 4708: Mr. GIBSON and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 4732: Mr. ZINKE. 
H.R. 4740: Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 4760: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 4773: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4828: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. TROTT , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. B RADY  of Texas, and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 4893: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4919: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4989: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 5020: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5094: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 5119: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michi gan. H.R. 5137: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 5167: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 5171: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 5180: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5181: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 5187: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5204: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 5207: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 5230: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5284: Mr. MICA. H.R. 5292: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5299: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5301: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5310: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5319: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5369: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 5392: Mr. YOHOand Mr. B LUM. H.R. 5410: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 5432: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 5440: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5457: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 5484: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 5506: Mr. HECKof Nevada, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. NUNES , and Mrs. B LACKBURN . H.R. 5528: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 5529: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 5530: Ms. LEE. H.R. 5532: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5578: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5586: Mr. KEATING , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 5588: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5594: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. HIMES, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 5602: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. STIVERS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5603: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. FOSTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. A L GREEN of Texas. H.R. 5606: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. HILL, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5607: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. HILL, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5621: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. LATTA , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. REICHERT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. ZINKE, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 5628: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5646: Mr. FLEMING , Mr. B LUM, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5659: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 5676: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 5691: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.J. Res. 47: Ms. TSONGAS . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. DOLD. H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 62: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 494: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H. Res. 617: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H. Res. 779: Mr. MULVANEY . H. Res. 784: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. LYNCH . H. Res. 808: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 810: Ms. GRANGER , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 813: Mr. YOHO. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. UPTON  S. 304, ‘‘Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act,’’ does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 5631 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on the Judiciary in H.R. 5631 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4925 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 11, 2016 No. 111 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by 