Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary achievements of Martin and Catherine Terbrack of Troy, Michigan. Mr. and Mrs. Terbrack were recently recognized by CARE House of Oakland County as Foster Parents of the Year. CARE House is a wonderful organization in southeast Michigan that provides services and counseling to children who are victims of abuse. The Terbracks have cared for 33 children, newborn babies to 5yearold kids, and are currently caring for a 14 monthold baby girl who was 6 weeks old and weighed only 4 pounds when they brought her into their home. The Terbrack family has been involved in fostering for an amazing 73 years, with Martin’s mother, Peggy, having cared for 150 children. That equates to about 90,000 bottles and 220,000 diapers. Mr. Speaker, at a time when many have come to see our Nation defined by acrimony and division, the wonderful story of Martin and Catherine Terbrack of Troy, Michigan, reminds us all that there is more good in this world than bad. They have taught us that many of our problems we face can be solved with love and generosity, and they remind us that we all have the power to touch people’s lives for the better. Martin and Catherine do that every day. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4651 Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name from H.R. 4651. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. 
BLACK APRIL AND FALL OF SAIGON (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, this Saturday, April 30, marks 41 years since the fall of Saigon, commemorated as Black April in Vietnamese American communities across this Nation. 
I introduced a resolution in remembrance of this event, and to honor the contributions and the sacrifices of Vietnamese Americans. In addition, this week, in front of my congressional office, I am flying the Vietnamese Heritage and Freedom Flag, as recognized by States and localities across this country. As we remember the fall of Saigon, I also believe it is critically important to continue to shine a light on human rights abuses in Vietnam. When President Obama visits Vietnam next week, I hope he will make human rights a priority. Now is exactly the right time for Vietnam to begin respecting the rights of its own citizens. 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because April is Autism Awareness Month. Autism is a condition that affects more than 3 million Americans and their families. Those living with autism spectrum disorders face challenges on a daily basis. Though we have come a long way, much more must be done to ensure a high quality of life for all. Some of this work needs to happen right here in the United States Congress, but much of this work also needs to happen in our homes and in our communities. That is why, together with my Disability Awareness Advisory Board, I have been fighting for greater acceptance and understanding, working to ensure that those with autism have greater access to education and employment and have the place they deserve within our community. One of the great organizations in Illinois’ 10th Congressional District is Lambs Farm. Those with developmental disabilities served by Lambs Farm are provided the opportunity to advance in all areas of life through everincreasing residential, vocational, and recreational choices. Together, we are striving for a society where those living with autism and other disabilities are free to pursue their passions, receive a highquality education, and have their unique gifts celebrated. 
BOOSTING AMERICA’S EXPORTS ACT (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, for corporations with a boardroom full of lawyers and thousands of employees, exporting products is something they do every day. But for a smallbusiness owner or startup entrepreneurs in places like Rockford, Galesburg, Peoria, or the Quad Cities, the deck is stacked against them on the global economic playing field. That is why today I introduced the Boosting America’s Export Act. It will help small and mediumsized businesses expand economic opportunity and create more goodpaying American jobs. My bill will identify and assist small businesses that have the potential to sell the products in new markets. We already know that small businesses create two out of every three jobs and, by building a business climate that helps them grow and succeed, we will strengthen working families across our Nation. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand with me in this effort. f 
INVESTMENT SPURRED BY SOUND FIDUCIARY RULES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the House passed H.J. Res. 88, a measure to reject the Department of Labor’s misguided fiduciary rule. Just like ObamaCare gets between you and your doctor, this conflictof interest rule attempts to put Washington between you and your financial adviser, insisting on a broad, onerous piece of regulation rather than a simple solution based on best business practices that attracts plaintiff attorneys and a bonanza of new lawsuits. Even State officials in New York, which is a Democratic stronghold, have proposed simpler solutions that inform consumers without burdening investment businesses, if only the Department of Labor would listen. I implore the Senate to pass this measure and the President to listen to State officials, actual financial investors, and small investors, who have developed a better alternative, by signing this legislation into law and not stymieing investment for families and our economy. 
LET’S DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, an American is killed with a gun every 16 minutes. And what is Congress’ response? Well, here is what we have become really good at. We have become really good at coming together for moments of silence. We do it every time there is a mass shooting. And, in 2015, there were 330 mass shootings. We ask: Why can’t we do more? And our response, the response too often, is: We don’t need to do anything else. There are plenty of laws on the books. Why don’t we enforce them? Well, the fact is that there is one thing we can do that is not on the books. We can require that everyone who buys a gun has a background check. If you buy a gun in a store, you have to get a background check. But for gun shows, 100 gun shows a week, 5,200 gun shows a year, 5 million people traveling through those gun shows, there is no background check. There is no background check for the millions of Internet ads or classified ads. Let’s pass mandatory background checks to help keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. That is what we can do, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, there is too much at stake for us to continue to ignore this tragedy. It is time for Congress to act. f 
RURAL HEALTH ACT OF 2016 (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, last fall a hospital in my State closed its doors after years of being the only hospital within a 100mile radius. Unlike in more populated communities, when a rural hospital closes, residents can be left with the frightening reality that emergency medical care and medical care services may be too far away. Sadly, this is not the only isolated incident. More than 30 percent of America’s rural hospitals are vulnerable to the conditions that may have caused the closure of 71 facilities in the last 6 years. The numbers increase each year, and we have to act now to prevent more families from losing their lifelines in times of emergency. That is why I am introducing the bipartisan Rural Health Act of 2016. It will support existing rural hospitals by strengthening resources for State Offices of Rural Health and incentivize construction of new facilities for those communities in need. Our rural communities need our attention. We cannot let them down. 
HEROIN AND OPIOID ADDICTION (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of those we have lost to heroin and opioid addiction. Another 30 people are likely to die today, another 30 lives lost on top of the thousands that we are losing each year to this epidemic. We have lost daughters and sons, fathers and mothers, sisters, brothers. Friends, acquaintances, and coworkers alike have lost their battles with addiction. Too often their deaths have been cloaked in the shadows. Obituaries remain silent on the cause of death. For too long our society has viewed opioid 
addiction as simply a moral failing rather than the treatable medical condition that it is. While opioid addiction may start with an excessive prescription or an indiscretion of youth, it ends with a scientifically understood, increasingly treatable, medical condition in which the biochemical pathways necessary to normal decisionmaking in the brain have been hijacked and the chemistry of the brain permanently altered. Heroin does not discriminate. It does not care if you are rich or poor, Black or White, a devoted mother, or a loving child. None of us are immune to its chemical grips. So today I pay my respects. Those who fall prey to opioids are worthy of being mourned. They are not forgotten. 
WE NEED TO INVESTIGATE COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS (Mr. PITTS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, in 2010, the National Association of Community Health Centers stated: 
FederallyQualified Health Centers do not provide abortions to any of their patients, and we are not aware of any that have ever done so. 
Remember last year we said we wanted to give community health centers more money because they assured us that they didn’t do abortions? However, on Tuesday, April 26, this week, we learned that some health center clinics in New York have been performing abortions. The National Association of Community Health Centers has egregiously violated our trust. The fact that abortions are performed at these federally funded community health center clinics is astonishing. We put our confidence in them, as providers of lifeaffirming women’s health care, based on their commitment to not entangle such care with abortion. Abortion is not health care. Mr. Speaker, we need an investigation into Community Health Centers to determine how many of their clinics are providing for, referring, or performing abortions, and the National Association of Community Health Centers should expel this network of New York clinics from their association. 
b0915 NATIONAL REENTRY WEEK (Ms. BASS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Reentry Week— reentry after an individual has paid their debt to society. Eightyfive percent of individuals who are incarcerated eventually get out, and we need to make sure that they have access to a wellpaying job and quality education when they return home. Reentry programs work. Mr. Jerrel McCoy lives in south L.A. He is 45 years old and served 27 years in a California prison. Today Mr. McCoy works for SHIELDS for FamiliesJericho Vocational Services, which works with formerly incarcerated individuals to help them secure and maintain employment to avoid going back to prison. With the help of these reentry services, Mr. McCoy has purchased his first car and moved into an apartment. According to Mr. McCoy, reentry programs allowed him to apply skills developed during his incarceration, and he learned that he has gifts and potential. Today Mr. McCoy strives to offer these benefits to his clients. Reentry services are smart and just. f 
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 706, I call up the bill (H.R. 4901) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 706, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 817 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113) is repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such section is restored or revived as if such section had not been enacted into law. 
Except as otherwise provided, the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to school year 2017–2018 and each succeeding school year. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4901. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are here to pass an important bill, Mr. Speaker. This bill is H.R. 4901, known as the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, or SOAR. The SOAR Act continues a threesector approach to education within the District of Columbia. The bill provides equal funding to D.C. public schools, D.C. public charter schools, and the Opportunity Scholarship Program which is commonly known as the OSP. The OSP provides scholarships to students of lowincome families, many of whom would otherwise attend low performing schools. This program is bringing about educational opportunities to those who need it most. Now, to some, this may sound familiar because in October of last year, we considered H.R. 10, also a bill to reauthorize the SOAR Act. But H.R. 4901 is very similar to H.R. 10; however, after H.R. 10 passed the House, changes were made to it through a bipartisan negotiation with the Senate. These changes actually strengthened the bill, and we are pleased to support this today. The new bill brings greater transparency and accountability to the OSP through increased reporting requirements. The new bill strengthens accreditation requirements, and the new bill clarifies congressional intent around the use of carryover funds and access to the OSP. Out of a commitment to regular order and the understanding of how important this legislation is, we wanted Members to have the opportunity to debate and vote on these changes, which we did in our committee, and it passed out of our committee. Thus, we introduced H.R. 4901. We improved the legislation, and now we are bringing it before the Chamber in an effort to pass the bill in its best possible form. I hope the House will see the value of this bill as it benefits families in the District, specifically lowincome families in the District of Columbia. The average income of a family with an OSP student is $22,000 per year. Let me say that again. The average income of a family with an OSP student is $22,000. This program offers these families more than just a scholarship, it is a lifeline. One OSP parent went so far as to describe the OSP as her salvation. Mr. Speaker, the OSP is working. In the 2014–2015 school year, OSP students had a graduation rate of 90 percent. Ninety percent graduation rate. That should indicate to a lot of people that this thing is working. That is well above the national average of 82 percent and is certainly better than the average within the D.C. public schools, which is only about 64 percent. However, I would be remiss if I did not note that the D.C. public schools increased their graduation rate 6 percentage points from 2014 to 2015, and we applaud that and hope that continues. That is in part because this threesector approach is actually working. Opponents of the SOAR Act want to stop this legislation because they disagree with the OSP for purely ideological reasons. In fact, opponents, just like their supporters, know that OSP students do as well, if not better, on every measure compared to the public school counterparts. Opponents will likely even support allowing current OSP students to remain in the program until they finish high school. If the OSP is so bad, though, it makes no sense to allow children to remain in it. The truth is that the program works, and we should reauthorize it so it can work for even more children. Unfortunately, opponents of the OSP will seek to end the entire three sector approach in an effort to simply stop the OSP. I do want to note that the Washington, D.C., Mayor, the D.C. Council chairman, and seven other members of the D.C. Council sent a letter to the congressional leadership urging the reauthorization of this program. The Mayor and a majority of the D.C. Council recognize the value of this legislation and are asking that we stand with them and not forsake the children of the District of Columbia. A March 2016 letter signed by the Mayor and 8 of the 13 Members of the D.C. Council supporting the SOAR Act will be entered into the RECORD . The letter states: ‘‘These funds are critical to the gains that the District’s public education system has seen in recent years.’’ It goes on to note how important the SOAR Act has been in maintaining and recruiting quality teachers and principals. District officials show strong support for this legislation, as does the Washington, D.C., community. We are thrilled to have found common ground on this bill, and I welcome the District’s support. I thank them for their valuable work in getting this legislation to this point. I am also excited that the SOAR Act is supported by the Washington Post. I will be inserting in the RECORD a position they took on March 14, 2016, to that effect. Mr. Speaker, the SOAR Act’s purpose is to improve education within the District, and I believe it is doing just that within public schools, charter schools, and the OSPs. It is providing families with a valuable choice, and it is allowing them to escape other situations that would not be nearly as conducive to their families. I don’t understand why the critics of the OSP are so opposed to the program, especially since it produces graduation rates far above the national average. This feat is even more notable when you realize that the OSP achieves better graduation rates than D.C. public schools at only twothirds of the cost, so you get better graduation rates, and it is twothirds of the cost of D.C. public schools. I recognize the importance of our public education system and the need for public school improvement. That is why the legislation also authorizes funds for public education. We must recognize the reality before us. This past year, D.C. eighth graders had the lowest test scores in the Nation in math and reading, some of the most critical skills that they need to be successful in life. While D.C. public schools have made progress, clearly, much remains to be done. Mr. Speaker, students within the District should not have to wait for these changes to come about. They deserve an alternative, a quality education, and they deserve it now. Let’s work to improve public education in the District, but let’s not hold back current students while those improvements happen. Let’s allow them every opportunity available, such as an opportunity scholarship. We are here today to debate a bill that works in every way to further the educational outcomes of Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, also let me just take a personal note to thank Speaker Boehner for his passion on this issue. For years he has championed this. He has done it in his private time, he did it in his public life, he did it as a Member of Congress, and he did it as the Speaker of the House. This was his. He championed this. It has been successful, and I am glad to carry the baton and make sure that there is school choice within Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a mother, I believe parents should seize any and every educational opportunity available to their 
children, so I certainly have no criticism of my own constituents who have seized this opportunity. In fact, in order to avoid disruption of the education of the current voucher students, I believe they should be allowed to remain in the program until high school graduation, and President Obama has offered a compromise to allow them to do so. Consideration of this bill surely is unprecedented. Until today, I had never seen the House vote on virtually the same bill a second time in the same Congress, and that is about to happen here. The House, acted in October. Why is this House acting redundantly again? Shouldn’t the focus be on the Republicanled Senate where neither this bill—which is virtually the same as the bill that was passed before—nor its Senate companion has moved? Last December, the Senate committee of jurisdiction canceled a scheduled markup of the bill to protect Republicans from this bill and especially from the civil rights amendments that had been proposed to the bill. Just last month, Chairman CHAFFETZ himself— who is the chairman of the authorizing committee, and the subcommittee—requested that the bill be included in the upcoming—the upcoming—2017 appropriation bill because the chairman, knows that legislation on an appropriation is how this bill is going to be passed. The problem is that there is little congressional support for vouchers except for vouchers in the District of Columbia, where nobody can vote for anybody except this Member. Congress has refused to create a national voucher program. Just last year during reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, both the House and the Senate voted on several national voucher amendments, and each failed. So you see, they don’t want vouchers in their own districts. Moreover, the Congress has never authorized the D.C. voucher program in the light of day. When Congress first created the program in 2004, and then reauthorized it in 2011, it did so by adding the voucher bill as riders to appropriations bills. And to protect Republican Senators running for reelection this year, that is what is going to happen again. The Senate has never passed a standalone D.C. vouchers bill, and yet it is being reauthorized now for the third time. In this Congress alone, Republicans have introduced legislation to overturn D.C.’s gun safety laws, its laws on reproductive health, its laws on nondiscrimination, its laws on marijuana, on labor, on immigration, and on education. It is, therefore, ironic to hear Republicans favorably cite the support of some D.C. government officials for passage of this bill. Now, let me explain that because I don’t want my colleagues to get away with mischaracterizing the position of the D.C. government on the bill before us today. When the House voted this bill last year, a majority of the D.C. Council wrote to Congress opposed to this voucher program. Last month, however, fearing the loss of $40 million for public and charter schools, a bare majority wrote in support of this bill. You can’t blame them. I must say though, I am being hoisted on my own petard here. Ironically, the funding for public schools and public charter schools exists only because during the creation of the voucher program, I repeatedly said that funding for public and charter schools was the preference of D.C. residents. To his everlasting credit, the thenArchbishop of Washington then insisted that public and charter schools also receive funding in conjunction with the voucher funding. The D.C. Mayor and a bare majority this year of the council sent a carefully crafted letter supporting this bill because they knew they were writing for the residents of the District of Columbia who do not support vouchers. Their letter did not support the voucher program itself, but referred only to the bill’s public and charter school funding. b0930 Those who signed the letter, by the way, were even more concerned that the Congress, instead, could pass the radical CruzMeadows bill, which would permit D.C. students to use local funds, commandeer local funds, from the D.C. treasury to pay for private schools. City officials recognized—and who can blame them—that Republicans have conditioned reauthorization of the public and charter school funding on reauthorization of the voucher funding. I understand their concern about losing public and charter school funding because it has been part of the city’s education budget for a decade. There is, of course, no reason for a unique Federal voucher program in the District of Columbia, in particular. According to the study of the program’s effectiveness mandated by Congress, by statute, the D.C. voucher program has failed in its stated purpose. That purpose was to improve academic achievement. The voucher program has not improved academic achievement, as measured by math and reading test scores of students overall or of students the program prioritized from lowperforming public schools. Republicans, rightly, were disappointed with these results, so guess what they did. Instead of getting rid of a failed program, they simply changed the evaluation. The prior reauthorizations required the program’s evaluation to be ‘‘conducted using the strongest possible research designed,’’ and a randomized controlled trial—the gold standard—was therefore used. It is almost laughable when somebody changes the test in order to pass it. In contrast, this bill requires the evaluation to be conducted—this time—using an acceptable—that means any acceptable—‘‘quasiexperimental research design’’ and expressly prohibits the randomized controlled trial that was mandated before. This dishonesty is transparent, Mr. Speaker. As researchers conducting an evaluation of the program point out, a randomized controlled study ‘‘is especially important in the context of school choice because families wanting to apply for a choice program may have educational goals and aspirations that differ from the average family.’’ The voucher program is also unnecessary. The District of Columbia has an unusually robust public school choice system, and it is available to every student. Now, I would wager that the District’s choice system is the best in the Nation, and here is what it is. Almost 50 percent of our children go to charter schools. Those charter schools were authorized when I worked with Speaker Newt Gingrich to allow charter schools instead of vouchers to be the District’s alternative school system. For the public schools, 75 percent of our children attend outofboundary public schools that they have chosen. So I ask any Member who has public choice that robust to make himself known during this debate. The D.C. voucher program also exempts students from protection of Federal civil rights laws that apply to public and federally funded programs. Under the voucher program, the Federal funding is considered assistance to the voucher student and not to the school, apparently in order to avoid these important mandates for our schools. Therefore, the program is not considered a federally funded program, although the money comes from Federal funds. This program is exempt from title IV and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, from title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, from the Equal Educational Opportunities Act of 1974, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and titles II and III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Everybody knows that this program is going to be reauthorized as a rider on an appropriations bill, which is how the D.C. vouchers bill has always been enacted, in 2004 and again in 2011. This is a masquerade here this morning. I am sorry Members had to be held over. This could have been taken care of yesterday. Even if the bill is not reauthorized, however, everyone expects that Republicans will continue to fund the three sectors, as they have always done. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is correct that the Republicans have continued to fund the threesector approach in Washington, D.C., and I am proud of that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), the chairman of the Republican Policy Committee. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4901, the 
Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. I want to commend Chairman CHAFFETZ for his work on this important policy and for continuing the legacy of former Speaker Boehner on this important issue. Make no mistake about it, thousands of kids have access to the American Dream because of Speaker Boehner’s dedication to the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program and education choice across the country. I met one of those students in February during a hearing on Capitol Hill. Her name was Denisha Merriweather. Denisha provided some powerful testimony that I will not soon forget. She spoke of being locked in a failing school, and she said: ‘‘When I was growing up, college was a dream that I didn’t even know that I had, and if it weren’t for an educational option Florida gave me 12 years ago, I wouldn’t be here today.’’ Ms. Merriweather is the first in her family to graduate from high school and college, and she is now attending graduate school. That is powerful stuff, and it is just one example of the thousands of young people in America whose lives have been changed by school choice. As chairman of the Congressional School Choice Caucus, I believe every child in America deserves the same kind of opportunity that Denisha had. But right now, for the majority of students in this country, real educational choice only exists if you can afford it. Ask yourself this question: If your local school is failing your child and you can’t afford to move and you can’t afford to pay for private school, what options do you really have? Make no mistake about it, that is the truth for thousands of key people here in Washington, D.C., and, frankly, all across the country. They are locked in a failing school that is failing their child, and they can’t afford to move and they can’t afford to pay for a private school. They are stuck. That is why school choice and the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program matters. Programs like D.C. OSP empower parents to choose the best educational environment for their child, regardless of their income, their ZIP Code, or their lot in life. And despite some of the rhetoric on the other side of the aisle, this program takes zero dollars from D.C. Public Schools—zero dollars. Yet D.C. OSP has a big impact on D.C. students. In fact, the program lets more than 6,000 students attend the school that gives them the best opportunity to succeed. And even better, an incredible 90 percent—90 percent—of D.C. OSP students graduate from high school on time, an incredible success. It turns out that empowering parents and empowering students works. We have miles to go before every kid in America has access to a great school. This issue is far bigger than just D.C. schools. But today’s bill will ensure that thousands of kids in Washington, D.C., have an opportunity, and every one of those kids matter. This bill is worthy of our support. I ask my colleagues for their support. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman is so concerned about the millions of parents who can’t afford to send their children to private schools, his caucus had the perfect opportunity this year, because they have such a strong majority, to, in fact, pass voucher amendments, and they refused to do so for their own schools. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my friend. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from the District of Columbia for yielding. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4901. Contrary to its title and contrary to what you just heard, this voucher program for schoolchildren in the District of Columbia has neither expanded opportunities nor delivered results for those students and their families. It has actually proven to be an unwise and unwelcome use of tax dollars, which ought to be of great concern to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Yet, rather than call for increased scrutiny, they are forcing the House to once again vote on a bill on which this Chamber has already acted. In successive reports on the effectiveness of this program, the Department of Education has determined that students using these vouchers saw no statistically significant improvement in their overall achievement in math or reading—none. In addition, the Department found that both parents and students from schools in need of improvement, the program’s intended beneficiaries, reported that their experience with the voucher program did not—not—improve their level of satisfaction with the education system or the education they were receiving. I also find it extremely cynical that this reauthorization would weaken the very reporting requirements that have shown this program to be ineffective. When you don’t like the findings, I guess we suppress them. Further, the Government Accountability Office has cited the program for not having sufficient financial controls and accountability measures, something I thought we favored. For example, the D.C. Children and Youth Investment Trust Corporation, which administers the program, repeatedly failed to comply with statutory financial reporting deadlines, and its ‘‘policies and procedures lack detail in several areas related to school compliance and financial accounting’’ to ensure Federal tax dollars are being used in accordance with the law. Mr. Speaker, I also hope the great irony of this legislation is not lost on my colleagues. Those who claim to support the conservative principles of small government would again authorize $60 million in taxpayer subsidies for a program that has failed to meet expectations for both educational achievement and financial stewardship. I guess there are carveouts for our ideological favorites. Further, selfproclaimed states’ rights conservatives are once again willing to impose the will of Congress on a local government—the District of Columbia—and they do it because they can. So much for Big Brother; so much for telling somebody we know best. Finally, I want to remind my friends on the other side of the aisle of the principles they espoused just last year when we worked in bipartisan fashion to pass legislation reforming No Child Left Behind. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. CONNOLLY. In their own explanatory material for the Every Student Succeeds Act, Republicans say the new reforms are intended to restore local control by returning responsibility for accountability and school improvement to State and local leaders. Why doesn’t that apply here? Another ideological carveout, Mr. Speaker. Congress has no business imposing its will on the schools and families of the District of Columbia in this fashion. They are not guinea pigs for our ideological favorites. b0945 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. KLINE. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, which will renew our vital investment in the children who live in the District of Columbia. In passing the Every Student Succeeds Act last year, we took important steps to support and encourage greater school choice for students and their families. These reforms empower parents to do what is best for their children’s education, and they help ensure that all children are able to receive the excellent education they deserve regardless of their family’s background, income, or ZIP Code. Helping students escape failing schools so they can pursue brighter futures is an important priority, and that is exactly what the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program does for children in our Nation’s Capital. For more than 10 years now, the program has enabled thousands of students to pursue the quality education necessary to excel both in the classroom and later in life—and excel they do. In fact, last year, 90 percent of 12th graders who received a scholarship through the program graduated from high school, and nearly 90 percent of them, Mr. Speaker, went on to pursue college degrees. The traditional D.C. 
public school system can make no such claim. These are very impressive results. Despite the claims of those who oppose these schools for, apparently, purely ideological, partisan reasons, with results like these—90 percent graduate, and 90 percent of those go on to college—it makes those claims that these schools are not performing well, frankly, laughable. This legislation also authorizes support for D.C. public schools, and it will provide critical resources for its charter schools. I agree with the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia that the public charter schools in the District are performing well. They are giving some hope to mothers and fathers and grandmothers and grandfathers that their children will have a chance in life. I am very proud of those public charter schools. There are also parents—Presidents of the United States and so forth—who choose to send their kids to private schools, and that opportunity ought to exist for more children—for more students—in the District of Columbia. That is what the Opportunity Scholarship Program does. It provides another chance—another avenue, another road to hope— for children in our Nation’s Capital. Together, these measures are working to improve the traditional public schools that are struggling and that are still, too often, failing students— which is why there is a waiting line to get into charter schools and into private schools—and will make a positive impact in the lives of students across the District and will create muchneeded educational opportunities for these children. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want the gentleman from Minnesota to know that there are waiting lines in the District of Columbia to get into many D.C. public schools and, of course, into many charter schools. We also know nothing about the schools that tell us 90 percent of their children graduate because this House has no information on them. What we do know is that the randomized study took children in D.C. public schools and compared them to students at exactly the same levels in the voucher schools—no difference in overall achievement. That is how we measure achievement in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4901, which would reauthorize the D.C. voucher program, known as the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, through 2021. We don’t spend enough money on education, so it is hard to justify diverting scarce public resources in order to finance private school education for a handful of students at the expense of the vast majority who attend public schools. Instead, we should focus our limited public resources on initiatives that improve education for all of our children. This is the promise of a public school education in the United States, but the voucher programs undermine that promise while hiding behind the guise of school choice for students in need. There are about 50 participating schools in the Washington, D.C., Opportunity Scholarship Program, but more than half of all of the participants are enrolled in just eight schools. Most of the schools in the program have higher tuition than the voucher covers, limiting the utility of the voucher and shifting the cost of education to the families that can’t afford it—essentially, denying the opportunity to students whose families cannot afford the remainder of the tuition. Federal dollars are being provided to a small number of parents who can afford the choice and to others with students who are already enrolled in private schools when that money could have been used for our public school systems. Although there are a few who can participate in the program, as the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia said, the results are disappointing. Research consistently demonstrates that the D.C. voucher program is an ineffective program that does not increase achievement. The four reports produced by the Department of Education found no improvement in reading and math after entering the voucher program for students coming from the most struggling D.C. public schools, nor did they find any statistically significant difference in math and reading academic performance from D.C. public schools. On average, Mr. Speaker, these schools are, at best, average. When you cite statistics that say some may be doing well, you have to take into consideration that these are children from families who are very supportive of their children and that they would be doing well whether they were in the voucher program or not. In addition to the disappointing results, we also found the voucher participants were less likely to have access to English language programs, special education supports, counselors, and other vital supports that ensure that all students remain on the path of academic success. If the schools are not producing the promised results, why are we providing them with unrestricted Federal dollars? Mr. Speaker, we could have improved the bill. We have a closed rule, so amendments were not allowed, but there were several amendments that should have been considered that I had offered. One would have protected the civil rights of students at schools that receive vouchers by requiring schools to certify that they provide each student with applicable civil rights protections. Another would have required any school receiving funds under this program to comply with the same Federal data and reporting requirements that all public schools or other schools receiving Federal money have to provide. All of our congressional districts provide this information, but, unfortunately, it is not required under the voucher program. Mr. Speaker, if we are going to spend $20 million to fund education in the District of Columbia, we ought to use it to improve education for everyone, not just for a few. This bill uses the money to help a few parents by subsidizing tuition in private schools, which many were already attending, at the expense of many, and it extends a program that fails to actually improve the education for students in Washington, D.C. I join the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia in opposing this legislation. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, the graduation rate in the D.C. public schools is 64 percent. The graduation rate at the OSP program is 90 percent. Those are results, and they are worth every penny. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ), a member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, there are few times in this House that we can see an immediate impact from legislation. A few months ago, I remember meeting some families who were given a choice in the SOAR Act. I remember seeing the pride in their faces, but what I remember most was the hope they had— a hope that was new, a new hope in the future. America has always been about opportunity. The SOAR Act does exactly what it says in its title—Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act. The SOAR Act is impacting lives today, but it is changing lives forever. Upward mobility starts with a strong education. It reminds me of my background in working with some gospel music arrangers. I was surprised at the high volume of sales in this particular industry, and one of the arrangers summed it up this way. He said: ‘‘Mark, ain’t nobody likes it but the people.’’ To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who oppose the SOAR Act and who oppose parents in having this opportunity, let me say this: Ain’t nobody likes it but the people. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Utah has 16 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Public schools in the United States and big cities are improving, and it should be noted that the D.C. Public Schools district continues to be the fastest improving urban school district 
in the United States, according to data released from the 2015 Trial Urban District Assessment. These schools deserve support. They are improving test scores unlike the voucher schools. In comparing the randomized study of those who wanted the voucher and didn’t get it and who remained in the District public school system with those who wanted the voucher and got it, there was no difference in their math and English scores. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. NORTON. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that point, if you select students from families who can afford the tuition and who are very supportive of their students, is it a surprise that they may do better in graduation rates than the average? Ms. NORTON. In reclaiming my time, the gentleman has brought up a very important point. By the way, some of the students who accept this voucher are already in the private schools, so they already could obviously afford the program. They are already attending the voucher schools, and they have now gotten vouchers. If you have some free Federal money, let me have some. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Would they be expected to do better, with their supportive families, than the average? Ms. NORTON. In reclaiming my time, I think they would be because they have families behind them, and they are being compared with students who often do not. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. The gentlewoman pointed out that, with the randomized studies, there was no difference in the public schools and the voucher programs. Those studies are the conclusion of vigorous research that there was no difference; is that right? Ms. NORTON. In reclaiming my time, there was no difference, and yet improving academic performance was a stated reason for the voucher program. I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in opposing the reauthorization of the D.C. voucher program. Public schools are the foundation of the American education system. They represent a duty we have to provide every student in every community with an education that helps them realize their full potential. Vouchers prevent us from fulfilling that duty by redirecting taxpayer money away from our public schools, which are already underfunded, and into private institutions that do not open their doors to every child. As with previous versions of the SOAR Act, this bill does nothing to ensure that students with disabilities have access to private schools. It also discriminates against lowincome families. In 64 percent of the participating D.C. schools, the tuition costs more than the voucher can cover, which, effectively, excludes families who cannot afford to pay the difference. Even students who can afford to attend private school can be excluded based on their prior academic achievement, language ability, or other discriminatory factors. I had hoped we could address these concerns through the amendment process, but the majority has not allowed amendments to the bill. You would expect private schools that can choose their own students to have exceptional records of student performance, but you would be wrong. Since 2007, there have been four congressionally mandated reports on the D.C. voucher program’s impact on student achievement. Not one of those reports found a significant improvement in reading or math scores among participants. Mr. Speaker, with the Every Student Succeeds Act, we are entering a new era in education policy that holds real promise for students and educators across the country. We should be focusing our attention and resources on improving institutions that serve all students. I call on my colleagues to remember the obligation we have to every child and reject H.R. 4901. b1000 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, at the end of the Civil War, Lincoln addressed the Ohio regiment and he said that the beauty of a free government is that it gives every individual an open field and fair chance for their intelligence, enterprise, and industry to flourish. That was something that he could speak of firsthand because he had grown up in the backwater. When you start talking about places like Illinois and Kentucky, that was so far removed from the corridors of power at that time and then he ends up being the President of the United States, that would have been unheard of in a country in Europe. I think right now, when you look at our country, you have people who are born and you are supposed to be able to make the most of your Godgiven abilities, no matter your circumstances. Some people are born into privileged circumstances, and some people aren’t. But if they have the desire to succeed, they need to be able to do that in America. Yet, what we find now is there are so many kids who grow up in communities that have really failing school systems, and I think the number one thing to be able to better yourself in our modern society is with education. Now, of course, the Federal Government doesn’t have jurisdiction over K– 12 education for the States, and I think that that is proper. I think, at times, the Federal Government has needled into that, and I think it has been counterproductive. We do have jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. You have some families who are really in dire straits. There is a big D.C. bureaucracy that is not performing up to expectations. So this program is a lifeline to those families. The average income is $22,000 a year, which is not a lot in any community, but in Washington that is very, very little. It gives them a lifeline to be able to have an alternative school and maybe be able to make the most of their Godgiven ability. Look, if the public school bureaucracy is doing well, then they can choose that. But if it is not and it is not working for them, then this gives them another option. This is something that—having done the hearing at the school like we did on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, these are kids who are thrilled to be in these schools. I am just very happy to support this effort. I appreciate the chairman’s work on this. We need to give every child the chance to succeed. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I proudly support the reauthorization of the SOAR Act because the SOAR Act provides the choice that parents in the District deserve. I supported H.R. 10 and I now support H.R. 4901, which made important improvements to H.R. 10. This legislation we are considering today continues to empower lowincome families in D.C. to take advantage of opportunities they may not otherwise be able to do. That is because H.R. 4901 is a bill that focuses on people, public schools, charter schools, Opportunity Scholarship Program, people with choices in each of those areas. The SOAR Act is about improving the lives of students and families in the District in a profoundly personal way. Isn’t that what true education is all about: personal achievement, improvement, and opportunity? Take the story of Carlos Battle, as written about in the National Journal and a recent book on educational choice. Carlos received a scholarship through the OSP and attended Assumption Catholic School and then Georgetown Day School for high school. As a result of this quality education, by choice, Carlos was able to attend Northeastern University in Boston. In fact, his mother says Carlos ‘‘almost surely wouldn’t have gone to college’’ without the scholarship. Carlos now talks about how many of his friends from his time in public school are still in the neighborhood and not doing well for themselves, and he said some even are in jail. 
As he puts it: Everyone who was in my sixth grade class had the potential to achieve just as much as I did . . . that’s just the unfortunate truth. The OSP allowed Carlos to take advantage of his potential, and he kept on achieving all the way to Northeastern. While in Boston, Carlos has spent time working at a nonprofit, helping give back to Boston public school students by helping them prepare for responsibilities of college where he has been able to lead workshops for public school students on college preparedness. He is currently preparing to pursue a Ph.D. in a career as a child psychologist, and that would be an appropriate time for an applause line. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 6 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 12 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as I begin my remarks, I know that the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia would understand my sense of pride in acknowledging that, in my district, the Victory Early College High School, which is in the Acres Homes neighborhood and a part of the Aldine Independent School District, a public school, will be celebrating the National Blue Ribbon award ceremony this morning. I offer them congratulations and express my disappointment for not being there. Obviously, they have been recognized as one of two schools in Houston nationally to earn the distinction of a National Blue Ribbon School at an awards ceremony in Washington, D.C., for closing the achievement gap. May I remind my colleagues that that is a public school system. So I rise in opposition and join my colleague from the District of Columbia to oppose H.R. 4901, which would reauthorize the District of Columbia private school voucher program and the Opportunity Scholarship Program for 5 years. The OSP program came about in 2004. In 2011, Congress reauthorized the OSP through fiscal year 2016. Under the SOAR Act, D.C. households with incomes that do not exceed 185 percent of the poverty line may receive an annual maximum voucher payment per student of $8,000 for grades K–8 and $12,000 for grades 9–12. We all know that private schools are much more expensive than that. So, in essence, this creates a small class that pays money to schools that have not been assessed as to whether or not they are quality schools. Private schools can cost as much as $50,000. Are we giving them $50,000 while we are dumbing down the public school system? What is so disturbing is: Where is the data? This bill, in particular, makes a significant change. The bill prohibits a control study group in making evaluations of the OSP and requires a less rigorous quasiexperimental research design than under the SOAR Act. Since 2004, almost $200 million has been spent on D.C. voucher schools. Can you imagine what we would be able to do if that money was invested? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, can you imagine what that could do? I hear that 50 percent of D.C. children are in charter schools, but 50 percent of children in D.C. are using The Choice Program. What are we doing in America? By using this as a scapegoat, we are suggesting that we are not invested in public schools. Finally, the D.C. Mayor and City Council members, as I understand, were only advocating that: If you don’t fund the voucher program, don’t leave us out for the public and charter school program. There is a vigorous Choice Program in D.C. This bill undermines the public school system for all of us, and we should oppose the bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4901, the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. As many will remember, the House passed a similar bill, H.R. 10, last year with 240 votes. H.R. 4901 makes three specific changes to H.R. 10 to ensure the D.C. scholarship program continues to run efficiently and effectively for the foreseeable future. First, this bill creates additional reporting requirements for the administrator of the scholarship program to ensure that the program is operating effectively. Second, it requires that any District of Columbia school that participates in this scholarship program must be accredited. Finally, the Department of Education has been withholding funds from the scholarship program and excluding qualified students from participating. H.R. 4901 ensures that the Department of Education cannot withhold funds from the scholarship program and that they cannot exclude students that are qualified to participate. With these changes, this D.C. school scholarship program can continue to run efficiently and allow lowincome families to better their educational experience and opportunities. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4901. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the SOAR Act. I want to talk for a moment about the elephant in the room, and that is the way in which it has become something of a tug of war between those who believe in choice in education and those who don’t. I think that, on the one hand, you have, for instance, taxpayer advocates who say: Wait a minute. If we are spending about $30,000 per student and getting the results that we are out of the system, something ought to change. There are other people who are advocates for the children of D.C., people like the former Mayor of this city, Anthony Williams, who said: Wait a minute. The scholarship program worked and it made a difference in people’s lives. There are people who are advocates for the marketplace who say: Wait a minute. There has been a revolutionary degree of change in technology and in output and in productivity as a result of marketplace forces, and maybe those marketplace forces ought to be at work in education as well. I think, most of all, there are folks who acknowledge the fact that God makes every child different and that one size never fits all with the plethora of different personalities in children that are out there. On the other hand, you have folks who say: Wait a minute. Let’s do it the way we have always done it. We had schools set up this way in the 1970s, in the 1980s, in the 1990s, and in the 2000s. Let’s do it the way we did it. But, in that process, kids may be locked into schools that aren’t working for them and for their families. They may be literally imprisoned in schools that aren’t working. So I think that what stands out about the SOAR Act is that it represents a set of keys so that kids would have additional choices. If we really believe that education is the cornerstone to opportunity in the 21st century, why not give kids as many keys as possible? It could be a key to a charter school, a traditional public school, or a private school. It is a key of their choice because kids are indeed so different. That is what this bill acknowledges. I commend the gentleman from Utah for what he has done on this front. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 3
3⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 9 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah for yielding 
and for his work on this important legislation. As a proud member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I rise today in support of H.R. 4901, the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, also known as the SOAR Act. This legislation would reauthorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, which provides scholarships to lowincome students so they may attend a D.C. private school of their parents’ choice. School choice is an effective tool that has proven to be successful in Washington, D.C. These scholarships have resulted in a 90 percent graduation rate, which is simply outstanding. I congratulate them on this. Both of my parents were educators who instilled in me the importance of a good education, and I believe we should extend this opportunity to those who might not otherwise have it. God created every child to be unique. As such, this legislation gives opportunities to students to receive an education chosen by their parents, those who know their child’s needs best. I encourage my colleagues to stand up in support of school choice and the SOAR Act to empower both parents and the students. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). b1015 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her advocacy for every child in the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, last year we passed the Every Student Succeeds Act, a good bill, but instead of figuring out how to fund this bipartisan bill through our budget and appropriations process, which apparently has broken down, we are here in a legislative deja vu redebating a nearly identical bad bill we passed just months ago that will take money away from our public schools. I am well aware of these attempts to divert money away from public schools and the failures of taxpayerfunded private schools. In the last 10 years, Wisconsin taxpayers have wasted $139 million of taxpayer dollars on private schools that were later terminated from the voucher program due to their lack of appropriate standards and accountability. Further, in Wisconsin, 79 percent of the students who received a taxpayer subsidized voucher in 2013 were already attending private schools. The SOAR Act would allow kids already in private schools to receive this funding. That means taxpayer dollars are being used not to advocate education, but instead as a form of tax policy. What is worse is that the taxpayerfunded voucher schools both in my State and here in D.C. are not providing equitable resources to special needs students with disabilities. At the end of the day, this is also about results. Multiple Department of Education studies have concluded that the taxpayerfunded D.C. voucher program has failed to improve educational outcomes for participating students, and two U.S. Government Accountability Office reports have also identified its repeated management and accountability failures. Public funds should be used for public education which serves all students. It is that simple. I encourage everyone to oppose this bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. NORTON. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is going to be funded, and you can’t blame the District of Columbia for wanting the public school and charter school funding that is in the bill. This bill is going to be funded. It was a Boehner bill, now it is essentially a Ryan bill, and I do want that understood. I include in the RECORD the Council’s letter from last year which opposed funding. 
OFCOLUMBIA , Washington, DC, October 8, 2015. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairperson, Committee on Oversight & Government Reform, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. CHAIRPERSON CHAFFETZ : We write as locally elected officials to express our opposition to renewed efforts to expand a federally funded school voucher program in the District of Columbia. We appreciate your interest in providing support to public education in the District. We strongly believe, however, that federal funds should be invested in the existing public education system—both public schools and public charter schools— rather than being diverted to private schools. We support the decision by Congress and the President several years ago to phase out the voucher program. Multiple U.S. Department of Education reports indicate that the program has not lived up to the promises made by proponents. These studies along with two troubling Government Accountability Office reports have also revealed that many of the students participating in the voucher program attend private schools with fewer resources and lower standards than our public schools. The evidence is clear that the use of vouchers has had no statistically significant impact on overall student achievement in math or reading, or for students from schools in need of improvement. We have serious concerns about using government funds to send our students to private schools that do not have to adhere to the same standards and accountability as do public and public charter schools. For example, private religious schools, which 80% of students with vouchers attend, operate outside the nondiscrimination provisions of the D.C. Human Rights Act. Moreover, the voucher proposal is inequitable: if fully funded, the authorization would provide many more dollars per student for vouchers than is allocated per student in public schools and public charter schools. Although we believe that students who are already receiving a voucher should have the opportunity to maintain and use that voucher through graduation from high school, we do not support expansion of the program to new students. The District devotes considerable funds to public education, and our local policies promote choice for parents. Indeed, over the past decade the quality of public education in D.C. has increased, as a result of reforms and targeted investment. Families can choose from an array of educational institutions based on publicly—available performance metrics, both within the D.C. Public Schools system and among the myriad public charter schools. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan has called the progress of D.C. Public Schools ‘‘remarkable’’, while the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools has ranked the District’s charter sector as the best in the country. Despite such ample evidence that the Congressionally imposed voucher program is ineffective, while D.C. public schools improve every year, some members of Congress continue to see our city as their personal petri dish. It is insulting to our constituents, who vote for us but not for any voting member of Congress, that some of your colleagues push their personal agendas on D.C. in a way they could never do in their home states. Attacking D.C. home rule, including any expansion of the voucher program, is irresponsible governing on the part of Congress. We call on you to respect the wishes of the District’s elected officials on the quintessentially local matter of education as you consider this issue. Sincerely, DAVID GROSSO , D.C. Council, At Large, Chairperson, Committee on Education. CHARLES ALLEN , D.C. Council, Ward 6, Member, Committee on Education. LARUBYMAY, D.C. Council, Ward 8. ELISSA SILVERMAN , D.C. Council, At Large. ANITA BONDS , D.C. Council, At Large, Member, Committee on Education. YVETTE ALEXANDER , D.C. Council, Ward 7, Member, Committee on Education. BRIANNE NADEAU , D.C. Council, Ward 1. JACKEVANS , D.C. Council, Ward 2. 
Ms. NORTON. This year, of course, recognizing that they might lose $40 million, there was another bill, and a bare majority said: Give us the money. But I want you to understand what the letter from the District of Columbia said. ‘‘A reauthorization of the SOAR Act would help safeguard $150 million in Federal funds for the D.C. Public Schools and public charter schools over 5 years.’’ And they go on to say: ‘‘SOAR Act funding for D.C. Public Schools has been used to support initiatives that reward and increase retention of high performing teachers and principals. The funds also help attract more high quality teachers and principals to D.C. Public Schools and improve the efficiency with which schools are run. ‘‘After years of decline, D.C. public school enrollment is rising for the first time in decades. Schools that previously struggled to fill their prekindergarten seats have waiting lists and 
other schools are attracting families back into the system at grade levels that have historically lost students.’’ Clearly, we have a school system— and I cannot help but identify with them—that does not want to lose $40 million for D.C. public schools and D.C. charter schools. I don’t ask anybody to change their vote. This program is going to be funded. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In conclusion, let me read the first sentence of the first paragraph from the D.C. Mayor, as well as the majority of the Council. ‘‘As Mayor and members of the Council of the District of Columbia, we support the threesector Federal funding approach for D.C.’s K– 12 education system that is authorized in the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results, the SOAR Act.’’ It is clear this is producing results. I find it a little bit troubling when the opposition to the SOAR Act people stand up and say: Well, it is not producing results. I will reiterate again that the average graduation rate at the D.C. public schools is 64 percent. The graduation rate for somebody who obtains the scholarship is 90 percent, and 92 percent of those people who get that scholarship go on to college. Those are laudable goals in any, any scenario. And while this is done, this education is literally twothirds of the cost, and it goes to people who really do deserve and need it, because the average annual income for somebody who is a recipient of this scholarship is $22,000. A $22,000 income in the District of Columbia for someone with kids is difficult, at best. I want to thank, again, Speaker Boehner for his passion on school choice and particularly the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship. I also want to thank our Senate colleague, Senator TIMSCOTT. Senator S COTT joined us in a field hearing that we had in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. He is a true believer and is passionate about school choice and the need to give everybody the best possible opportunities that we can. So I think we have had a good debate. We had a good markup and discussion within the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I hope that we pass this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 4901, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results (SOAR) Reauthorization Act. Members of Congress, believe that together—the key to the future of our great nation is the quality of the education we provide our children. We all know the story of some District of Columbia public schools: Low graduation rates, high dropout rates, low math and reading scores. And, we can all agree that the children in the District deserve a first class education. A decade ago, I had the honor to Chair the District of Columbia Appropriations Subcommittee. In that capacity, we worked to create a program to give a ‘handup’ to children in Washington, DC. We built a ‘threesector’ approach: public schools, charter schools, and the latter, the DC Opportunity Scholarship Program, which provides parents with funds to send their children to private or parochial schools. The bill before us today will reauthorize the threesector approach to school reform in the District of Columbia—including the DC Opportunity Scholarship Program—through FY 2021. The DC Opportunity Scholarship Program is a huge success. Last year alone 3,246 students submitted applications to participate in these scholarships and the program accepted 1,244 students. 88 percent of high school graduates in 2015, who were Opportunity Scholarship recipients, enrolled at a 2 or 4year college. Congress should listen to the voices of parents and students and continue to work to ensure that this not only survives, but grows. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this critical legislation. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the following: Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. Hon. HARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M INORITY LEADER REID, SPEAKER RYAN, ANDMINORITY LEADER PELOSI : As Mayor and members of the Council of the District of Columbia, we support the threesector federal funding approach for DC’s K–12 education system that is authorized in the Scholarships for Opportunities and Results (SOAR) ACT. Our support for the SOAR Act is rooted in the importance we place on the muchneeded federal funding for DC Public Schools (DCPS) and public charter schools which totaled $30 million in FY2016. This funding is provided via our DC federal payments and does not take away from our state formula funding for education; rather, it adds to it. A reauthorization of the SOAR Act would help safeguard $150 million in federal funds for DCPS and public charter schools over five years. These funds are critical to the gains that the District’s public education system has seen in recent years. In addition, we are very concerned about a bill that was recently introduced in Congress, the Educational Freedom Accounts Act (H.R. 4426/S. 2455), which would require the District of Columbia to redirect local funds from DCPS and the public charter schools toward Educational Savings Accounts for DC students who want to attend private schools. This bill would be harmful to the District’s progress on education and we strongly oppose it. SOAR Act reauthorization is far a better alternative and works for our families and school system. SOAR Act funding for DCPS has been used to support initiatives that reward and increase retention of performing teachers and principals. The funds also help attract more high quality teachers and principals to DCPS and to improve the efficiency with which schools are run. After years of decline, DCPS enrollment is rising for the first time in decades. Schools that previously struggled to fill their prekindergarten seats have waiting lists and other schools are attracting families back into the system at grade levels that have historically lost students. Public charter schools in the District represent 44 percent of the public school population of more than 85,000 students with 62 public charter schools on 115 campuses. Since FY2004, federal funds authorized in the SOAR Act have supported the acquisition, renovation, modernization, and expansion of charter school facilities in the District. These funds have also been used to improve academic achievement, teacher and leader quality and recruitment, instructional support, and graduation pathways. The SOAR Act provides equal amounts of federal funding for the DCPS, public charter schools and the OSP. We understand that these funding streams are inextricably linked. We urge you to ensure that the SOAR Reauthorization Act (S. 2171/H.R. 10) becomes law before the end of this Congress so that this critical funding for K–12 education in the District of Columbia is not put in jeopardy. Sincerely, Muriel Bowser, Mayor; LaRuby May, Councilmember; Brandon T. Todd, Councilmember; Mary Cheh, Councilmember; Phil Mendelson, Chairman; Vincent Orange, Councilmember; Anita Bonds, Councilmember; Yvette M. Alexander, Councilmember; Kenyon R. McDuffie, Councilmember. [From the Washington Post, Mar. 14, 2016] FORD.C., P REAUTHORIZING SCHOOL CHOICE IS 
up, with no new students accepted after the 2016–2017 school year. The scholarships provide a lifeline to lowincome and underserved families, giving them the school choice that more affluent families take as a given. And because the program results in more federal money for D.C. public education and not less—another myth advanced by opponents— it’s time for Congress to act. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4901, as I did when the House debated a nearly identical measure last October. We have been told that the purpose of this bill is to help all DC children get a better education. I strongly support that objective, but this bill does not. Let me be crystal clear: public funds should support public education. But this bill proposes to spend 100 million dollars over five years to fund vouchers to send students in the District of Columbia to private schools. Coming from the city of Baltimore, I understand the complexities of turning around struggling inner city schools. Almost ten years ago, I became deeply involved in improving one of my own neighborhood schools, the Maritime Industries Academy. It takes vision, commitment, accountability and, yes, resources to begin the process of turning troubled schools around. However, it is extremely difficult to turn around public schools if we divert public resources to private schools. By dividing funding among DC Public Schools, DC Charter Schools, and private school vouchers, this bill provides onethird of its total funding to voucher students, a tiny fraction of the District’s students. The lack of equity is stunning. Our focus should be on maximizing the impact of the federal government’s limited resources to serve ALL of the District’s students. This program was last authorized in 2011, over my strong objection and along party lines, despite the fact that the study on the program’s impacts mandated by law found that the use of vouchers had no effect on academic achievement, as measured by math and reading test scores. Vouchers also had no impact on students’ perceptions of school safety and satisfaction. We have heard all the Republican rhetoric justifying massive cuts to education funding— all the talk about budget constraints, about tightening our belts, and about making sacrifices. But apparently all that goes out the window when Republicans want to give 100 million dollars in taxpayer funds to private schools. As a graduate of public schools and a longtime advocate of quality public education, I believe our highest priority must be to use limited taxpayer dollars to support programs that will truly meet the educational needs of all children. This bill does not do that. So I urge my colleagues to reject H.R. 4901. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 4901, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization (SOAR) Act. H.R. 4901 would reauthorize the District of Columbia’s private school voucher program, the Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP), for five years through 2021. Simply put, this bill diverts much needed resources from the D.C. public school system into this unsuccessful and counterproductive voucher program. We know that this voucher program has failed to improve academic achievement, threatens vital civil rights for students, undermines constitutional protections, and is poorly managed. Mr. Speaker, this bill is just another Republican attack on the District of Columbia’s right to selfgovernance. Even worse, the Districts’ government did not request this reauthorization—nor did its representative, Congresswoman ELEANOR  HOLMES NORTON . If the District wants to establish a voucher program, it has the authority to do so. But it hasn’t for many of the reasons I listed above. Mr. Speaker, we should work to fully fund our public schools and ensure equal access to education for all students—not funnel additional funds into this ineffective and poorly managed program. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the underlying bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 706, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. TED LIEU of California. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ted Lieu of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4901 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Insert after section 7 the following new section: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. My amendment would simply change the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program so that it could not discriminate against students based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Sadly, we know that LGBT kids are often victims of bullying and hate. According to a survey by the Human Rights Campaign, LGBT youth were twice as likely as their nonLGBT peers to report being verbally harassed and excluded. Moreover, misguided antiLGBT laws, such as those passed in North Carolina and Mississippi, continue to send a message that being LGBT is not okay, and that is wrong. As one of my Republican colleagues earlier today on the floor stated, God makes every child different. It is wrong to systematically discriminate against students because they are LGBT. We need to send our kids a message that saying whom they love and the gender they identify with does not dictate their selfworth, and it certainly should not dictate whether or not they can get a voucher. I move that we begin to do this right now by passing my amendment to prevent discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Being LGBTQ is not a medical condition that needs to be cured. It is instead a beautiful reflection of what it means to be a human being. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, we went through regular order in our committee. We had field hearings. We had a markup. The gentleman was free to offer an amendment in committee. That did not happen. This is a school choice bill. This is a bill that gives parents the opportunity to make choices about where their students can attend, and this scholarship program has been a very valuable tool. I am opposed to the motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 167, nays 228, not voting 38, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—38 
Brady (PA) Butterfield Calvert Carson (IN) Collins (NY) Costa Crawford Davis, Danny DeFazio Duckworth Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Himes Issa Johnson (GA) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Labrador MacArthur Miller (MI) Newhouse Payne Reed Rush Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) Stutzman Takai Torres Tsongas Westmoreland Whitfield 
b1044 Messrs. ROKITA, DUFFY, and TROTT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CAPUANO, JEFFRIES, Ms. MOORE, and Mr. HOYER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 224, noes 181, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Calvert Carson (IN) Collins (NY) Crawford Davis, Danny DeFazio Duckworth Engel Fattah Fincher Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Labrador MacArthur Newhouse Payne Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) Stutzman Takai Torres Tsongas Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 179 on H.R. 4901, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on H.R. 4901 in order to attend a family wedding. Had I been present for this vote, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 179 (H.R. 4901). 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On rollcall No. 178, Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 179, Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on April 29, 2016, due to a medical procedure. Had I been present, I would have voted: On The Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On Passage of H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Friday, April 29, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 178 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 179. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, 2016, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall votes 178 and 179. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 178 and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 179. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 2016, TO TUESDAY, MAY 3, 2016 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourns to meet at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, May 3, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THE LIVES OF UGA STUDENTS LOST IN A TRAGIC ACCIDENT (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, my friends and colleagues from the Georgia delegation and I rise in honor of the lives of four bright young University of Georgia students who were killed in a tragic car accident outside of Athens on Wednesday evening. We pray for and grieve for the families of Christina, Halle, Kayla, and Brittany, and the entire University of Georgia community. We also pray for Agnes, who remains in critical condition, that she may be healed. The remarkable impact of these women upon UGA’s campus is evidenced by the thousands of students, faculty, and staff who gathered yesterday in an outpouring of love, support, and remembrance. Mr. Speaker, this tragedy is every parent’s worst nightmare, and our hearts ache for these families. I ask all my colleagues and all of those watching to pray for these families and to join the Georgia delegation in a moment of silence for Christina, Halle, Kayla, and Brittany, as well as for Agnes, and to know, in the words of Psalm 147:3: ‘‘He heals the brokenhearted and binds their wounds.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members will please rise and join in a moment of silence. ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND CLASSIFIED ANNEX ACCOMPANYING INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to announce to all Members of the House that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has ordered the bill H.R. 5077, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, reported favorably to the House today, and will file its report on the bill in the House in early May. Mr. Speaker, the classified schedules of authorizations and the classified annexes accompanying the bill are available for review by Members at the offices of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in room HVC–304 of the Capitol Visitor Center. The committee office will be open during regular business hours for the convenience of any Member who wishes to review this material prior to its consideration by the House. I recommend that Members wishing to review the classified annex contact the committee’s director of security to arrange a time and date for that viewing. This will ensure the availability of the appropriately cleared committee staff to assist Members who desire assistance during their review of these classified materials. I urge interested Members to review these materials in order to better understand the committee’s recommendations. The classified annexes to the committee’s report contain the committee’s recommendations on the intelligence budget for fiscal year 2017 and related classified information that cannot be disclosed publicly. It is important that Members keep in mind the requirements of clause 13 of House rule XXIII, which only permits access to classified information by those Members of the House who have signed the oath provided for in the rules. In addition, the committee’s rules require that Members agree in writing to a nondisclosure agreement. The agreement indicates that the Member has been granted access to the classified annexes and that they are familiar with the rules of the House and the committee with respect to the classified nature of that information and the limitations on the disclosure of that information. 
NATIONAL CONGENITAL DIAPHRAGMATIC HERNIA AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my constituent and friend, Dawn Williamson, in raising awareness for congenital diaphragmatic hernia, also known as CDH. Mr. Speaker, CDH affects over 1,000 babies in the United States per year 
and has affected more than 700,000 babies worldwide since the year 2000. After giving birth to a child with CDH and finding no support groups for mothers of babies with CDH, my friend, Dawn, founded the Association of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Research, Awareness, and Support, or CHERUBS, for short, in 1995. Headquartered in the beautiful town of Wake Forest, North Carolina, CHERUBS is an international charity helping over 5,700 families in 61 countries. Mr. Speaker, babies born with CDH and their loving families face a difficult journey, and I rise today to raise awareness and to recognize the importance of strong individuals like Dawn Williamson, who work to make the journey for others easier and more comfortable than it was for her. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to offer this resolution expressing support for the designation of April 2016 as National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month. This condition is far too common for us to know so little. 
b1100 HONORING THE VICTORY EARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am always reminded of the greatness of America. When the word came: Go west, go west. A little church, a little general store, and a school. I am excited this morning to honor the Victory Early College High School in Acres Home, sponsored by the Aldine Independent School District. And I thank Dr. Bamberg, the superintendent; the trustees; and, as well, Dr. Phyllis Cormier, for they are celebrating right now the National Blue Ribbon Award ceremony—yes, a public school. Victory Early College High School is one of two schools in Houston and one of 335 schools nationally to earn the distinction of a National Blue Ribbon School at an award ceremony hosted by the Department of Education. They exemplify overall academic excellence. Yes, innercity children, poor children, are showing progress and closing achievement gaps among student subgroups. This particular school has been exemplary in both areas. We are also celebrating Senior Signing Day because each of our graduating seniors will graduate under the distinguished high school plan, and all have been accepted to a 4year university. They will announce their schools at this event—a public school. The mayor will be there. I am in Washington. I wanted to pay tribute to them. And I want to thank Aldine for letting their M.O. Campbell Center be used for a shelter for those who are fleeing the flood. PROTECTION AND ADVOCACY FOR VETERANS ACT (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Protection and Advocacy for Veterans Act. This bill will engage our protection and advocacy agencies to ensure veterans are receiving the mental health care and substance abuse treatment they deserve. Increased demand from veterans returning from war, a national shortage of mental health professionals, and a prescription drug abuse epidemic have made it difficult for the VA to keep pace with the growing need in these areas. Mr. Speaker, progress is being made, but I believe we can do better. I also believe that we owe it to our veterans to look beyond the traditional means and bring all available resources to bear in ensuring access to proper care for mental health and substance abuse treatment. For 40 years, protection and advocacy agencies have monitored the quality of care in Stateoperated hospitals, psychiatric wards, and other facilities. They have the authority to inspect medical records, make recommendations to providers, and, when necessary, take legal action on behalf of patients. I believe bringing this high degree of patient advocacy expertise to the VA can greatly benefit our veterans. 
NATIONAL INFERTILITY AWARENESS WEEK (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 24 to April 30 as National Infertility Awareness Week. Infertility is defined as the inability to conceive or carry a pregnancy to term after 12 months of trying to conceive. The American Society for Reproductive Medicine, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the World Health Organization recognize infertility as a disease. Today, one in eight couples have trouble getting pregnant or sustaining a pregnancy. Infertility affects approximately 10 percent of the population, but rarely are the necessary medical treatments covered by insurance. Alarmingly, this, too, is the case for veterans who have served our country and have become infertile as a result of their service. This issue strikes diverse groups, affecting people from all socioeconomic levels and cuts across racial, ethnic, and religious lines. We must acknowledge the medical and emotional aspects of infertility and continue to support efforts to make treatment more accessible to help improve the quality of life for people with infertility. This week, I ask that we all recognize and raise awareness on the issue of infertility as a disease and support the familybuilding efforts of those struggling with this disease of infertility. f 
TOP 50 BEST TOWNS FOR FAMILIES IN THE GARDEN STATE (Mr. LANCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to note a special distinction for several communities in New Jersey’s Seventh Congressional District. New Jersey Family magazine has named several towns in the congressional district I serve as being among the top 50 best towns for families in the Garden State. Nearing the top of the list, at second place, is Montgomery Township in Somerset County. Joining Montgomery on the top 50 list are Bethlehem, Berkeley Heights, Branchburg, Chester Township, Clinton Township, Cranford, Hillsborough, Lebanon, Long Hill, New Providence, and West Amwell. I know these communities, and my wife and I live in Clinton Township. Each has excellent public schools, a strong local spirit, and each is a great place to plant roots and raise a family. I congratulate the local leadership in these municipalities, the elected officials and community leaders—nearly all of whom are volunteers—for the excellent management of these towns. Each is very deserving of this recognition. 
RECOGNIZING JOHN L. SMITH OF THE LAS VEGAS REVIEW JOURNAL (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, the Las Vegas Review Journal, Nevada’s largest newspaper, lost another standard bearer this week. John L. Smith, who resigned after citing difficulties with management, spent nearly three decades enlightening, emboldening, and entertaining the Las Vegas community. In his resignation letter, John L. Smith said that he learned to never punch down in his weight class, an approach that is rare in journalism today. He wrote: ‘‘You don’t hit little people. You defend them.’’ Those principles, reflected in his columns that appeared four times a week, made him a beloved figure, a respected wordsmith, and a community leader. It is no surprise that during the week when he resigned, he received the Ancil Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism. It wasn’t the first time his work had been recognized, and I am sure it will not be the last. 
PARK FOREST ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, A 2016 GREEN RIBBON SCHOOL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the administrators, staff, and students from the Park Forest Elementary School in State College, Pennsylvania, on being named a 2016 Green Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Park Forest is 1 of only 47 schools across the entire Nation to earn this distinction, which is given to schools for their innovative efforts to reduce their environmental impact and reduce utility costs, improve health and wellness, and ensure sustainability practices. In addition to the elementary school’s efforts to reduce its energy use and waste footprint, it has also received grants to construct an outdoor compost bin and created a garden compost program. The school grounds also include vegetable, herb, pollinator, and rain gardens. In partnership with Penn State University, the school has also built a greenhouse which later served as the model for two built at a school in Rwanda. This just scratches the surface of the initiatives undertaken at Park Forest Elementary, and everyone involved deserves praise for their efforts. 
OPIOID ADDICTION (Mr. RUPPERSBERGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge House leadership to take action against the scourge of opioid addiction that is plaguing our communities. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, drug overdoses now surpass car accidents as the leading cause of injuryrelated death for Americans between the ages of 25 and 65. In Baltimore, opioid overdose has been declared a public health emergency. There are about 19,000 active heroin users in Baltimore City, and far more who abuse prescription opioids. But this isn’t just an urban issue. I have personally heard from families from all walks of life throughout my district that have been devastated by heroin and prescription drugs. No socioeconomic level is safe. To this end, I urge leadership to move the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act forward. Among other measures, this important bipartisan bill will expand the availability of naloxone to law enforcement agencies and other first responders to help reverse overdoses, expand resources to identify and treat incarcerated individuals suffering from addiction, and expand disposal sites for unused prescription medications to keep them out of the hands of young people. Only through a comprehensive approach can we stop and reverse current trends. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF CHIEF JUSTICE PERRY HOOPER, SR. (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and contributions of Chief Justice Perry Hooper, Sr., who passed away this past Sunday. Justice Hooper was born in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1925. He served our Nation in the United States Marine Corps before attending the University of Alabama School of Law. He went on to be elected probate judge and later circuit judge in Montgomery County. His groundbreaking election as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 1994 marked the first time a Republican had served on the court since Reconstruction. Justice Hooper brought dignity and grace to the Supreme Court, along with his consummate professionalism. He raised the court to a higher level. Whether you were a lawyer or a party, he treated you with respect and fairness. Most importantly, Justice Hooper understood that judges don’t make the law, but decide cases with wisdom and fairness. So on behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to share my deepest sympathies with his wife, Marilyn, and four sons. Justice Hooper will never be forgotten. 
RECOGNIZING SOPHIE MARIE EDWARDS (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sophie Marie Edwards, an incredible young woman who has made ending hunger her personal passion. Realizing that some of her friends in elementary school didn’t have enough to eat, Sophie founded Square Meal Project when she was only 8 years old. Since then, she has raised more than $6,000 for food banks and local feeding programs. Through her efforts, more than 1,000 kids have been able to receive a healthy summer lunch. She has also made it her mission to educate everyone she meets about the problem of hunger in America. Sophie’s work in her hometown of Marietta, Georgia, led her to be recognized as a youth advocate for the national No Kid Hungry campaign. I am inspired by Sophie’s commitment, by her compassion, and by her drive to end hunger. Sophie teaches us all that you are never too young to make a difference. I have no doubt that Sophie will continue to do great things to end hunger now. f 
AR KIDS READ (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible work being done in my home State of Arkansas by AR Kids Read. When I was the chamber of commerce chair in Little Rock, I was proud to help AR Kids Read expand 3
1⁄2years ago with the goal of improving literacy rates among our children in Arkansas. In the 2014–2015 school year alone, AR Kids Read was able to provide over 400 trained tutors to serve 1 hour a week in 47 different schools in central Arkansas. This inspirational program helps nearly 1,000 students each year struggling to learn to master reading in the first through third grades. AR Kids Read has been recognized by one of the five model programs at the Reading is Fundamental—RIF—50th Anniversary Gala here in Washington, D.C. I extend my congratulations and best wishes for much continued success to AR Kids Read and thank all of my fellow citizens who volunteer as tutors. 
MARY ANN WASIL MEMORIAL TOAST (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and to celebrate the life of Mary Ann Wasil, one of my personal heroes and one of the strongest women I have ever known, who passed away earlier this month. Mary Ann possessed a tenacious spirit, an unyielding faith, a heart full of love, and an infectious smile. She was one of a kind. She was a police officer, an actor, a development officer for her church and its elementary school, and the founder of a nonprofit organization, a health activist, and a mother to three incredible children. Breast cancer was what took Mary Ann from us, but it is also what one of her lasting legacies was born from—a successful and muchneeded breast health initiative, the Get in Touch Foundation. She was a vocal champion for the Affordable Care Act and access to high quality, affordable health care for all. In 2010, Mary Ann won a contract from Balboa Press to publish her memoir, ‘‘A Diary of Healing: My Intense and Meaningful Life With Cancer.’’ Throughout its pages, you can hear Mary Ann’s laughter, you can feel her courage, and you will often find yourself crying with her, experiencing the twists and the turns of her journey. My heart goes out to Betsy, to Mary, and to Eddy. Your mother was quite 
simply an extraordinary human being, activist, author, mentor, friend, and mother. She lives on in our hearts forever. 
b1115 CONGRATULATING CARSON WENTZ (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, forgive me for being proud, but today my 750,000 fellow North Dakotans and I are standing a little taller as we celebrate the extraordinary accomplishments of one exceptional young man. Last night, every television in North Dakota was tuned in to the NFL draft to see who the lucky team would be who gets North Dakota State University quarterback Carson Wentz. The Philadelphia Eagles used the second overall pick to take Carson. Cheers and tears of pride and admiration for the most famous Bison football player ever expressed a sense of State patriotism. NDSU’s record of five consecutive FCS national championships took a backseat to one special Bismarck native, and rightfully so. Carson Wentz is more than a 6 foot, 5 inch superathlete. He is a man who takes God’s incredible gifts and works them with an ethic of worship. His mind and heart are as big as his frame; and his pride is not in himself, but it is in his team, in his school, in his community, and in his State. We are happy for the good people of Philadelphia, knowing that Pennsylvania is gaining much more than a great football player. They are gaining a great citizen. Congratulations, Eagles. And God bless you in your new adventure, Carson Wentz. Thanks for being a great ambassador for North Dakota. 
HONORING SERGIO KLOR DE ALVA (Mr. FARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sergio Klor de Alva. Sergio was a member of the Farr congressional team, and was taken from us in a tragic accident late Monday night. Sergio served as an intern in my office. He was engaging, kind, and ever helpful. Upon leaving Washington, he returned to the University of California at Santa Cruz, and he won a place on the student council. He later volunteered his time to work in Congressman MIKE HONDA ’s reelection campaign. At 24, he had amassed a resume that spoke to the dedication and passion he had for civil service. I was and continue to be impressed with this young man’s incredible ambition. His future would have undoubtedly been one of public service. Upon leaving my office, Sergio said in his exit interview: I cannot tell the future, but I can see mine here. But until that day, know that I will miss this place. 
Rest assured, Sergio, this place will miss you. God bless your short, but so meaning meaningful, life and your beautiful family who have to live in the tragedy of your death. 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF COUNTY CORNER (Mr. BISHOP of Utah asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I grew up in a small town in Utah where I remember a Sinclair gas station that was situated where Route 39 intersects Route 134. It is a place where parents would stop to fill up their cars while taking their kids to school, and airmen would stop on the way to serve at Hill Air Force Base; where fathers would fill up the RV on the way to the family vacation, and I may have actually stopped to get a few Dr Pepper’s as well. County Corner store is part of the Sinclair family, which is today celebrating their 100year anniversary. Today, there are 1,300 Sinclairbranded stations in 24 States. They operate the largest refinery in the Rocky Mountain West, they have their offices located in Utah, and they have 1,200 employees. You may actually recognize the green dinosaur that is the logo. It is an apatosaurus, and its name is Dino. It debuted at the World’s Fair in Chicago in 1933, has been a part of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade, and is actually an honorary member of the Museum of Natural History. In an era where it is sometimes en vogue to condemn the gaspowered engine, we have to realize that people drive to work, families drive to church, schoolbuses drive kids back and forth, as well as the fact that firefighters rush to help businesses that are threatened. The Sinclair Oil Corporation has a hand in making all that possible. Happy birthday. 
HONORING SAMUEL ‘‘BILLY’’ KYLES (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, the city of Memphis and the United States lost a great clergyman and civil rights leader this past week in Reverend Samuel ‘‘Billy’’ Kyles. Samuel ‘‘Billy’’ Kyles was born in Mississippi, moved to Chicago, but found his home and his purpose in Memphis, Tennessee, where he founded Monumental Baptist Church and served there for 55 years. He was a courageous man who helped integrate the Memphis schools. One of his daughters was one of the 13 young children that integrated the schools. He got on a bus and refused to go to the back of the bus in 1964 with six others and helped integrate the buses in Memphis. His life was dedicated to civil rights, making Memphis better, and serving his church members. He is well known and remembered for being at the Lorraine Motel on the day that Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968. On that occasion, he was near Dr. King and was a witness to the assassination, which he told people about throughout the country and is part of a documentary film called ‘‘The Witness.’’ He remembered Dr. King’s work to all, witnessed what he did and what happened in Memphis. He lived his life as Dr. King would have wanted: trying to move civil rights forward and making America the country that it was supposed to be. A life well lived. f 
DEFUND NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN (Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration’s foolish nuclear deal with Iran continues to get more troubling and damaging by the day. Last week, we found out that the administration was spending $8.6 million of our hardearned tax dollars to buy nuclear material from Iran. That is right: the United States Government is borrowing money from China and the rest of the world to buy heavy water from Iran, water used in nuclear reactors. This is insanely foolish. I thought that the goal of Obama’s nuclear deal was to stop Iran’s nuclear program, not subsidize it. Iran remains the world’s leading sponsor of terrorism. They have been directly tied to the deaths of thousands of U.S. servicemembers. Providing the Iranian regime with millions of tax dollars only gives them new financing to spread hateful ideology, terror, and death across the globe. The Obama administration’s payments to this terrorist regime further legitimize their growing nuclear ambitions. Is it any wonder that our allies no longer consider the United States a reliable partner? Appeasement only emboldens bullies, terrorists, and dictators. Sadly, this is the path that this current administration has chosen. 
VERIFYING OPTIMAL TOOLS FOR ELECTIONS ACT OF 2016 (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, there is a grave threat that is facing the American electoral process in 
2016, and that is the soundness and the dependability of our voting machines and the integrity of our voting process. Nationwide, authorities are tabulating crucial voting results using faulty, outofdate electronic voting machines from the era that predated the smartphone. These outdated machines are prone to crashes and screen freezes that can cause unacceptably long wait times. Additionally, old voting machines remain vulnerable to being hacked and elections can be stolen. My bill, the Verifying Optimal Tools for Elections Act of 2016, otherwise known as the VOTE Act, would allocate millions of dollars to assist States in replacing these aging voting machine dinosaurs. The VOTE Act would also allocate millions of dollars in grants to assist in developing new technologies to assure accuracy in the voting process, to protect voting machine source codes from being hacked, and to train election officials. The aim of the VOTE Act is simple: the safeguarding of elections by ensuring the very integrity of the voting process, while protecting access to the ballot box. 
HONORING BRAZOS VALLEY JEFFERSON AWARD RECIPIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BABIN). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Harper Cunningham, age 12, and Maggie Cunningham, age 10, from College Station, Texas, who are recipients of the 2016 Jefferson Award for the Brazos Valley. The Jefferson Awards are presented annually to honor our unsung heroes, ordinary citizens who have done something extraordinary and that will have a lasting impact on the community. It is fitting that the Jefferson Award be presented to these two young girls, who not only exemplify what it means to serve, but who also share Thomas Jefferson’s passion for reading. Harper and Maggie Cunningham’s passion for reading and for helping those in need led them to create an organization to promote literacy and the wellbeing of our community students. Their Books and a Blanket program provides a basket of books and a blanket to elementary schoolchildren in need across the Brazos Valley during the winter months. Their mission is simple and impactful: they want all students to have access to books so that they, too, can experience the joy that comes from reading. Since 2012, Books and a Blanket has given away over 1,200 blankets and distributed over 33,000 books to over 2,500 children in need. Mr. Speaker, these two young girls have done a tremendous job helping others, promoting literacy, and being inspiring leaders in our community. As President Ronald Reagan once said: The greatest leaders are not necessarily the ones who do the greatest things. The greatest leaders are the ones who get other people to do the greatest things. 
It is evident that Harper and Maggie are models of true leadership, and their desire to serve and empower others is inspiring. Young Americans like Harper and Maggie provide confidence for all of us about the future of our great country. I congratulate Harper and Maggie Cunningham for their hard work, selfless service, and for being awarded the 2016 Jefferson Award for the Brazos Valley. Gina and I look forward to hosting them in Washington later this year for the National Jefferson Awards ceremony. I would also like to congratulate the other 2016 Jefferson Award winners from the Brazos Valley: Stephanie Sale, Alma Villarreal, and David Ruesink. Their selfless service to our community is inspiring and also worthy of these special recognitions. I am humbled to represent all of them in Congress. As I close, I ask all Americans to continue to pray for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMERICA’S TODO LIST The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, we all got elected. I have been here 5 years now. You are fairly new to this institution. Everybody comes with a dream. You don’t come because you are looking for new business cards. You come because you want to make a difference for folks back home. We all have about 700,000 bosses back home, and they want us to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about some of those differences today. You can’t see it from where you are sitting, but I have got a little America’s todo list down here. I didn’t have enough paper back in the office to do the entire todo list. There is a lot out there, as I know you hear every weekend when you go home as well, but I put a couple of the top things out there. b1130 I have ‘‘fix our roads and bridges’’ out there—just a terrible infrastructure issue. What separates America in terms of getting our goods to market around the globe is a worldclass infrastructure. Investment in that infrastructure has waned in recent years as we have dangerous bridges and we have roads that are in desperate need of repair. That is one of those things—to maintain the postal roads—that the Constitution uniquely assigns to the United States Congress. That is on the todo list. Update our national WRRDA policy, Mr. Speaker. We are going to have wars on this planet—mark my words—not over oil, but over fresh water. Having a freshwater infrastructure, maintaining our natural resources, taking care of and being good stewards of those resources that we have been entrusted with are critically important. It is one of those things that the Federal Government has a dominant role in doing. We have to get on that. Tax relief, Mr. Speaker. Where is that family back home who isn’t trying to figure out how next month works and the month after that and the month after that? I keep hearing about this economic recovery, and yes, the numbers are getting better slowly, but they are not improving nearly fast enough. The folks cannot afford to support an inefficient Federal Government. Tax relief is on that list. Medicare, Mr. Speaker. There is not a man or a woman in this Nation who depends on Medicare who does not know it is in fiscal peril. There is not enough money in the Medicare trust fund to meet the promises that we have made to America’s seniors. There is not enough money in the Medicare trust fund even though working age men and women begin paying in on their very first paychecks to meet the promises of this generation and the next. We owe America better than that. Fixing that is on the todo list. Improving veterans’ care, Mr. Speaker. For Pete’s sake, talk about something that is uniquely this government’s responsibility. We ask so much of the young men and women in uniform who serve and protect this Nation, and they ask nothing of us. We make promises to them, and we must keep those promises. It is hard to open up the newspaper and not read a story of America’s failing its veterans. We must do better, and we can do better. Mr. Speaker, cutting spending. For Pete’s sake, when folks back home do send a dollar’s worth of taxes to Washington, D.C., they don’t believe they 
are going to get a dollar’s worth of value out of it. They think it is going to get thrown down some rat hole somewhere, on some pet project that is not going to benefit anyone. They think it is going to get wasted on a regulatory infrastructure that isn’t modernized for the 21st century. Every family has to do more with less in tough economic times, and the Federal Government is no different. This is just the beginning of the todo list, Mr. Speaker. It is dreary outside. There is a steady mist coming down. I haven’t seen the Sun out there for days. Sometimes I get back home, and I hear that same kind of spirit coming from folks who are trying to feed and provide for their families. There is a dreariness out there, Mr. Speaker, such that folks feel like selfgovernance is not serving them in the way that it should. That is why you and I ran for Congress and that is why I have come to the House floor today with good news. It is true that when you open up the newspaper, it is failure after failure after failure, but that is not telling the story of the work that the good men and women of this Chamber are doing, that Republicans and Democrats are coming together to do, that the House and the Senate are coming together to do, that the Congress and the White House are coming together to do. In this election season of everybody’s talking about what divides us, of everybody’s talking about what the failures are, I want to talk about those things that unite us and on which we are succeeding for the American people together. Mr. Speaker, there have been 36 shortterm transportation extensions since the last time we passed a long term transportation bill. Thirty six shortterm extensions. If anybody is in the construction business, Mr. Speaker, they know you can’t plan to build a bridge in a matter of days. This is a multiyear project. You need longterm planning and you longterm certainty. Historically, that is what the Congress has provided: Republicans and Democrats coming together in a bipartisan way and Congress and the White House coming together to provide for a multiyear transportation bill. But it has been more than two decades, Mr. Speaker, since this body has passed a 5 year transportation bill—a multiyear transportation bill—that provides certainty to folks back home and that fulfills the commitment that every American citizen expects from the Federal Government in having collected gas taxes on every gallon of gas that the American consumer buys. We all know about the infrastructure needs in this country. For more than two decades, Congress and the White House had not been successful in fulfilling that responsibility. When Republicans ran the show, we failed. When Democrats ran the show, we failed. When Republicans were in the White House, we failed. When Democrats were in the White House, we failed. But this Congress—the men and women gathered here with this President in the White House—came together, and we succeeded with the first longterm transportation bill in more than 20 years. Mr. Speaker, 5 years of funding is just the beginning. I won’t tell you this is the end of the show. Our Transportation and Infrastructure chairman, BILLSHUSTER of Pennsylvania, wants to do more. This isn’t the end. This is the beginning. It is a fantastic beginning, and it is one that we ought to celebrate of $305 billion going back to communities around this Nation to focus on safety and infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, it streamlines the process—the most dramatic streamlining of the regulatory process. It often takes longer to get regulatory approval to build a bridge than it does to build the bridge itself—years wasted on approval processes that could have been streamlined while we are still being good stewards of our environmental resources. This bill does that. It also eliminates the increase in costs that come with those delays, Mr. Speaker, the increase in costs that come from that bureaucracy so as to make sure the American taxpayer is getting more value for his dollar. Mr. Speaker, it shores up the highway trust fund, and we will talk a lot about trust funds in this time today. The highway trust fund was going bankrupt. The highway trust fund didn’t have enough money to meet the needs of the American highways, so $70 billion has been transferred into that trust fund to make sure that we are keeping the promises that we have made to America. Mr. Speaker, it has been two decades since America has had this kind of transportation success. We did that together. Open up the newspaper and see the divides and see the failures, but know that this is a success that we had together. Mr. Speaker, I had water resources on America’s todo list. It had been 6 years since we had passed water resources legislation in this body, not in 2008 when Republicans controlled the White House, not in 2009 when Democrats controlled everything, not in 2010 when Democrats controlled everything, and not in ’11 or ’12 or ’13, but we have come together, and we have gotten that done. It is not easy. It is hard. It doesn’t happen quickly. It happens slowly and deliberatively. It has been 6 years since we have been able to succeed together in passing what we call the WRRDA bill, Mr. Speaker. Now it is done. Now it is the law of the land. I want to make that clear, Mr. Speaker. I am not talking about bills today that the House has passed and are going nowhere. I am not talking about bills today that the House has passed and the Senate has passed but that are going nowhere. I am talking about bills today on which the House has worked entirely through the process, on which the Senate has worked entirely through the process, and those which the President of the United States has signed into law—bills that are laws and are making differences for America’s families. This WRRDA bill, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, is the most comprehensive policy reform bill, again, in two decades, Mr. Speaker. It accelerates project delivery because, again, there is no more urgent need—as we see in Flint, Michigan— than having a stable and safe water infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, it goes into $18 billion worth of projects—projects that have been on the books for years but have failed, projects that folks have not committed the time and resources to complete—and it pulls those back in. It cancels all of those projects, saves that money, and rededicates it to projects that the American people can benefit from; and it strengthens the oversight and accountability because these are American taxpayer dollars we are talking about here. When they go out the door to localities back home, folks deserve to know they are being used responsibly. It is an increase in oversight and accountability. Again, it has been more than two decades since we have seen something of this kind. We got it done together—Republicans, Democrats, House, Senate, and White House. Mr. Speaker, tax relief is on the list for American families, and tax relief was delivered by this body—this Congress—and this White House. Mr. Speaker, what Republicans failed to be able to do—and I am not knocking them. It was a difficult environment. I am a hardcore Republican from the great State of Georgia, but when George Bush was in the White House and when Republicans were running the House and when Republicans were running the Senate, they provided tax relief, but they couldn’t make it permanent. They didn’t have the votes to make it permanent, so it languished out there—families uncertain about what the tax future would hold, businesses uncertain about what the tax future would hold. Together, in this body, with the President’s signature, we provided 99 percent of Americans the certainty that even George Bush and a Republican House and Senate could not do. Divided government is hard, Mr. Speaker. Divided government is hard. The differences that we have on policy are dramatic, but there is still more that unites us as a Nation than divides us as a Nation. That is true in this Chamber as well, so we came together on tax policy and did that. Taxes were going to go up, Mr. Speaker. In this tough economy, taxes were going to go up on almost every family in the land. We prevented that income tax increase from hitting 99 percent of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to prevent the tax increase on 100 percent of Americans, but I couldn’t get the votes to get 
that done, and I know you would have joined me in that. Sometimes you have a choice between can you get something done or will you get nothing done. Mr. Speaker, I promise you, if you are working hard in trying to provide for your family back home, you do not care who is to blame for a problem; you just want the problem fixed. We could have stood around this Chamber and we could have argued amongst ourselves about whether the perfect is the enemy of the good. We did not. We struggled to find agreement, and we found that agreement, and we made a difference for 99 percent of Americans in the struggling economy to date. That counts, Mr. Speaker. We talk about the todo list as to the Medicare trust fund. Mr. Speaker, back in the late 1990s, when Newt Gingrich was the Speaker of the House and when Bill Clinton was the President, they made an effort to protect the Medicare trust fund from going bankrupt. This is something that has been on the minds of Americans all the way back to 1965. The Medicare trust fund has never been properly funded. Healthcare costs have always had a rate of inflation that has been higher than that of other services, and we have struggled with how to make the math work. They came up with a plan back in 1997 to fix it. The plan didn’t work, and it was going to cause a dramatic reduction in what doctors were reimbursed and a dramatic reduction in the benefits that were available to senior citizens. Mr. Speaker, so what happened in 2003, when it came time for those first painful cuts to go into place, the first effort to protect the Medicare trust fund? Congress kicked the can down the road. They delayed those cuts from going into place for 1 year. What happened the next year? They delayed it for a year again. The next year, they delayed it again. Then the next year, again and again and again and again—17 times, Mr. Speaker. We had come together and passed legislation that was designed to protect the Medicare trust fund, and when it came time to actually do the heavy lifting, we kicked that can down the road, all the while having the trust fund becoming more and more and more unstable. We all knew there was a problem, but nobody wanted to take the responsibility of fixing it. Mr. Speaker, in this divided Congress, in this divided government, in this Washington that supposedly can’t come together to fix American problems, we passed H.R. 2. It was the first bill out of the gate. Well, it was the second bill out of the gate, but it came right out in front. H.R. 2 was the first Medicare reform proposal to be signed into law in more than 10 years, and it solved a problem that had been created almost 20 years ago but that no Congress before or no President before had had the courage to permanently fix. Mr. Speaker, we talk about Medicare as one of the third rails of politics— don’t touch that rail, or else you will be defeated. This body is not about who wins and who gets defeated. This body is about who can make a difference. We needed to make a difference for folks who were relying on Medicare. There were 392 House Members and 92 Senators who supported this bill. We hadn’t been able to fix it for almost 20 years. We hadn’t been able to fix it, so the can had been kicked down the road 17 times. We came together, grappled with it, struggled with it, but ultimately came up with a proposal that almost all of the House and almost all of the Senate could support. They called it the sustainable growth rate, the SGR, that eliminated this failing piece of Medicare policy, that bent the longterm cost curve of Medicare, extending the life of the trust fund. In fact, it cuts the actuarial deficit in Medicare by almost 10 percent. b1145 This is heavy lifting, Mr. Speaker, that Congress has punted on and punted on and punted on. With the leadership we have here today, with the collaboration that we have here today, not only did we pass it, not only did the Senate pass it, but we were able to pass it into law. There are many parts of Medicare, Mr. Speaker. There is part A, part B, part C, part D. $2.4 trillion, Mr. Speaker, is the way we bent the cost curve on those various components of Medicare in order to protect and ensure Americans for another generation that Medicare would be there for them. Veterans: Mr. Speaker, again, you cannot open up the newspaper today without seeing the way that the system is failing our veterans. There is nothing that brings us together more in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, than standing up for those who have stood up for us. We did that in the Veteran Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, Mr. Speaker. It was the largest overhaul of veterans health care, again, in more than a decade. When Republicans ran the whole show, we couldn’t get it done. When Democrats ran the whole show, they couldn’t get it done. When we are divided, but focused, on crisis in this country, we have come together and we have gotten it done for the first time, Mr. Speaker. For the first time in the history of veterans health care, we have said: If the veterans healthcare system is failing you, but you, as a serviceman or woman, did not fail us, we are going to give you a process to get outside of that veterans system. We are going to give you a chance to go see your own doctor. We are going to give you a chance to go see any specialist you need. We are going to give you a chance to get the care that we promised you, but that the bureaucratic healthcare system has failed to deliver. Mr. Speaker, in all of these many years of budget cutting that we have talked about—trying to clamp down on spending, trying to make sure that all taxpayer dollars are being accounted for—so many accounts are going down, but veterans spending is going up. Why? Because budgeting is about prioritizing. And when we come together not as Republicans or Democrats, but as Americans, we prioritize those who have served us. It is the biggest change in health care for veterans in over a decade, Mr. Speaker, and folks are finally able to get the health care that they need. That is not it. There is more. There is still a system in place that is failing veterans, Mr. Speaker. We couldn’t come together on reforming the entire Veterans Administration. But we did come together on saying that: If you work at the Veterans Administration and you are failing our veterans, there is no place for you on the Federal payroll. You know how hard it is to get rid of failing Federal employees, Mr. Speaker. We came together in a bipartisan way to say: If you are in the upper echelons of the VA, we are asking more of you. If you are in charge of serving our veterans, we are asking more of you. If you fail, we are going to ask you to leave so we can get somebody else in there. We streamlined the firing process, Mr. Speaker, to get rid of ineffective employees as we had not done before in Federal employment. Mr. Speaker, let’s talk budgets. You know ending budget deficits is one of America’s priorities. You know getting out of the businesses of mortgaging our children’s future is one of America’s priorities. From 1966 to 2009, Mr. Speaker—and I chose that time because that was the beginning of Medicare and Medicaid, which are two of the largest spending programs on the ledger today. They are two that have ballooned much larger than their authors ever suggested that they would. This is when we got into some really difficult entitlement spending decisions. From 1966 to 2009, that 43year period, the debt in this country went up by 55 percent relative to GDP. It is still these mandatory spending programs that are driving our debt, but over a 43 year period our debt went up 55 percent. Mr. Speaker, in the first 3 years of the Obama administration, our debt went up another 34. For 43 years, it had gone up 55 percent, way too much, but a gradual increase. In 3 years, it went up 35 percent. We went from going up about 1 percent a year to going up 10 percent a year, Mr. Speaker. Today, with this Congress, this House, this Senate, divided government, from 2012 to 2015, when we have been grappling with this issue together, when we have been looking for answers together, when no side had complete control, but we had to work together to find solutions, we have collapsed that increase back down to that 
1 percent a year. There is so much more to do, but we just disagree. The President introduces a budget every year. That budget never balances, not this year, not next year, not 10 years from now, not 100 years from now. The President has different investment priorities than I do. I serve on the Budget Committee. We do a budget every year. It always balances. So I have budgets that balance and budgets that never come to balance. Clearly, that is a big gap to bridge. We have begun to bridge it, Mr. Speaker, collapsing the dramatic increase in the debt to levels that are still too high, but don’t threaten our security as years past have. But no one ever believed we would be able to come together to do that. No one ever believed we could work with the President to get that done, and, yet, we have. Mr. Speaker, a lot of that comes from the Budget Control Act. One of the best votes I have taken in this institution was the vote for the Budget Control Act. It was the largest reduction in Federal spending in the history of the republic. Hear that, Mr. Speaker. In divided government—in fact, there was a Republican House, Democratic Senate, Democratic President, dramatically divided government. Power of the filibuster in the Senate. Hard to get anything done. We came together because America needed us to, to reduce spending in the most dramatic way in the history of the republic. It is not because somebody had all the votes and they jammed it through, but because we worked together to find a policy that made sense. Mr. Speaker, people always think, when you talk about big budget and deficit reductions, that you are talking about some sort of phony Washington, D.C., math. You have seen the examples where you raise spending by $5 instead of $10 and then you call that a cut. We have all seen that math. Nonsense. When I talk about budgets, I am talking about real numbers. I am talking about money going out the door. I am talking, even though we have 10,000 men and women a day qualifying for Social Security and Medicare, 10,000 new applicants every day for Social Security and Medicare, working together, we reduced the total amount of money going out the door not just for 1 year, but for 2 years. That is not funny Washington, D.C., math, Mr. Speaker. Those are real numbers, real dollars, going out the door. We bent the curve together. Some of my colleagues might say we did too much. I would say we haven’t done nearly enough, but we came together and we made a difference for deficits. Mr. Speaker, one of the biggest differences we can make for deficits is putting folks back to work. It turns out you can’t pay taxes if you don’t have a job. You have to have money coming in the door in order to be part of the system. So we focused together on creating American jobs. We focused together on putting families back to work. Again, this is something that unites us. It does not divide us. We have done it in the spirit of trade, Mr. Speaker. We have done it in the spirit of manufacturing. We have passed legislation here that the President signed into law that is working today to make sure, if you work in a manufacturing industry in America, you are not disadvantaged relative to foreign competition. If we are trying to export the best products made in the world today, those manufactured by American hands, we are tearing down the trade barriers that are preventing those products from getting into the hands of customers who want them overseas. We have done that together. When it comes to tearing down those trade barriers, Mr. Speaker, America is already virtually a free trade zone. We always say we will play fair with other nations, but other nations don’t always say that to us. So this Congress empowered the President to go out and do those negotiations, to tear down those barriers, to make sure that American working families always get a fair shake on the global scene. Mr. Speaker, we haven’t seen that happen in a decade. A Republican Congress came together to work with a Democratic President to say we are all in this boat together. Putting families back to work is not a Republican priority alone, though it is a Republican priority. It is not a Democratic priority alone, though it is a Democratic priority. It is an American priority. That is why America’s House and America’s Congress and America’s President work on it together. Mr. Speaker, that takes me back to where I started. I will put America’s todo list up here on the board. I talked about the dreary weather outside and kind of the dreary spirit that I feel sometimes when I talk to folks about how Congress is operating and how Congress and the President are working together and how America, in the spirit of selfgovernance, is succeeding or failing at addressing America’s priorities. Mr. Speaker, we did the first roads and bridges bill, $305 billion, in more than two decades. It is more longterm certainty than America had seen in 20 years because it was the right thing to do. We updated the national water policy, Mr. Speaker. We have done more— it was the most substantial, positive improvement to delivering clean water to American citizens than we have seen in more than a decade. We did that together. Tax relief: Mr. Speaker, working together, we prevented taxes from going up on 99 percent of American families. Working together, we did things that George Bush and a Republican Congress couldn’t do because they didn’t have the votes 15 years ago. We did that together because it was the right thing to do in this tough economy. Mr. Speaker, we came together on Medicare reform. There were 17 short term extensions, kicking the can down the road, Congress and the President afraid to take a stand and solve a problem. We came together and did that, Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, President Obama and America’s Congress. Improving veterans health care: Mr. Speaker, for the first time in American history, if the veterans healthcare system is failing you, we give you an exit ramp to go and see your physician, your specialist, the best that America has to offer, because, as a serviceman or woman, we have made promises to you and, in a bipartisan, bicameral way, we are committed to keeping those promises. It is the biggest reforms in more than 10 years. Mr. Speaker, we have cut spending. We have cut spending not with phony Washington, D.C., math, but with real dollars going out the door. The biggest deficitreduction package in American history we did together, a divided government, divided Congress. But it is the right thing to do for the American people, and that is what this Congress is about. Mr. Speaker, that is just the beginning of the todo list. I don’t want to feel like I am tooting the horn of bipartisanship in this institution. I didn’t even have education reform on that list. I didn’t have education reform on that list. But we have done it. We have come together in a bipartisan way, bicameral, with the White House, signed into law the biggest evolution of education policy that we have seen in 10 years. Again, it has been more than a decade since we have come together to make sure that principals, teachers, and parents have more control over the education of children in our communities. We repealed 49 different programs, Mr. Speaker. I am not saying hardcore conservative Republicans repealed them. I am not saying liberal Democrats repealed them. I am saying together we scoured the entire Federal education landscape looking for ways to do better for our families back home. When we rolled up our sleeves, when we took off the Republican and Democratic labels, when we all sat down as parents and grandparents and community leaders about how to do better for our children, we found 49 programs, all of which had a constituency out there, all of which had somebody making a buck off of them, but they were programs that were failing our children and we ended them. We ended them together because it was the right thing to do. It is the biggest education reforms, Mr. Speaker, again, in more than a decade. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have the time to go through the difference that we are making together. From our veterans, 
H.R. 91, H.R. 203, H.R. 313, H.R. 2499, on and on and on, not bills that we have passed here in the House, though we have, but bills we have passed in the House, bills that have been passed in the Senate, bills that the House and Senate have come together on, bills that have been sent to the President’s desk, and bills that the President has signed into law, making a difference. b1200 Mr. Speaker, reducing the size and scope of government. H.R. 1626, H.R. 2029, H.R. 2048, and the list goes on and on and on. Doing things together for our bosses back home because they are going to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, creating jobs and expanding economic opportunity. Again, H.R. 2029, H.R. 22, H.R. 1000, S. 535. Mr. Speaker, yes, there are even some bills that originated in the Senate that are delivering for the American people. I am proud to say most of them start with H.R., but there are even a few Senate bills in there. Good ideas from the other body that we took on, that we made better, that we sent to the President’s desk, that he signed. Defending America’s freedom and security, patientcentered healthcare solutions. Mr. Speaker, everybody talks about the President’s healthcare bill. You are either for it or you are against it. It is a divisive issue. Nobody talks about the fact that there are parts of the President’s healthcare bill that I believe are broken from the hard core right and that my friends on the left believe are broken, too. And so we have come together not once, not twice, not three times, not five times, but almost a dozen times to repeal parts of the President’s healthcare bill that we all agreed were not serving the American people. Mr. Speaker, at the end of the day, it is not about who can be a good Republican or who can be a good Democrat. It is about who can be a good public servant, and that is never going to make the front page of the newspaper. It is never going to be a part of this Presidential election cycle. It is never going to be in a commercial on TV talking about how successful we are when the cameras go off, when the labels come off, and when we are focused on what we all came here to do, and that is to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, we are going to keep going on through this election cycle. There is going to be more division, there is going to be more strife, and there is going to be more finding out who is to blame and whose fault it is. I have gotten to know the men and women in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker. I confess, there were some of them that I wanted to dislike from the getgo. Oh, I wanted to dislikes them. I had seen them on TV, and I knew they didn’t have any merit, didn’t have any business being here, didn’t have any desire to serve the American people. Mr. Speaker, my confession here today is I was wrong. I was wrong. There are colleagues on the other side of the aisle with whom I disagree with about virtually everything, but for that one small issue on which we find some common ground, they will roll up their sleeves and they will bleed with me and sweat with me until we find a way to make a difference for families back home in their district and mine. Mr. Speaker, there are folks on the other side who come down here on this floor and rail and rail and rail, and it is every partisan tagline that you could imagine, but when the camera goes off, they roll up their sleeves and they get to work on making a difference for their district and for mine. Mr. Speaker, my voice is not loud enough to drown out all the division that is in a Presidential election campaign. Mr. Speaker, my voice is not loud enough to drown out all the commercials going on all over the country and all the headlines all over the country that talk about how Washington is a big cesspool, and it is broken, and we should just give up on selfgovernance altogether, but not me. My voice may not be loud enough, but it will be tireless. I believe in selfgovernance. I believe that my district has priorities that are going to be different from priorities in another district, and that is okay. I believe that division sometimes brings out the best of ideas, and that is okay. I believe that my colleagues believe that there is no challenge too big for America to confront when Americans confront it together. I do not know what November holds, but I know this: We have the best system of governance on the planet. It is not easy. It is not clean. It is not simple. But when you put the American people in charge, it is effective. Mr. Speaker, you are not going to sell good newspapers talking about the difference that we make together in selfgovernance, but we are going to make that difference together. Folks here didn’t come for the headlines. They came to do the things that mattered, and I am proud to work with folks on both sides of the aisle to get that done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2908. An act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
So it troubles me when we talk about a budget that should have been put on the floor that was a combination of the efforts of Democrats and Republicans, and when we listen to the President and work together, but no budget has come because they realize the draconian budget that is slashing government, throwing people out in the streets is not a budget that America can even tolerate. They could not overcome those that didn’t even want that budget. They wanted to cut and slice education, resources to our military, health care, and the environment even more. So I stand in the backdrop of that challenge to challenge this Congress again. I was one of the first Members of Congress to deal with raising the need for serious attention to the Ebola virus as it hit Texas in Dallas. The first American to be diagnosed was in our State of Texas. I began as a member of the Committee on Homeland Security to ask what our airports were doing, how are we assessing those who are traveling into our country, and making sure that the Centers for Disease Control were at my airports, both in Dallas and in Houston, Texas. Now 1 year later or a couple of years later, we are now facing this issue called the Zika virus. I want to be very clear, we are not paying the attention to this that we should. A headline reads: ‘‘Scarier Than We Initially Thought.’’ The CDC, the Centers for Disease Control, sounds a major alarm, a warning regarding the Zika virus. ‘‘Public health officials used their strongest language to date in warning about a Zika outbreak in the United States, as the Obama administration lobbied Congress for $1.9 billion to combat the mosquitoborne virus.’’ What did I start out by saying? The Federal Government should not run our lives, but it is the umbrella on a rainy day. It is the only entity that can muster the stakes and resources to deal with what the CDC has said is a far more serious issue. If we look at Puerto Rico, they are the eye of the storm. Texas, the eye of the storm. Florida, the eye of the storm. It is important to note that we have not done what we should be doing. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, which has a core mission of emergency preparedness of State and local governments to be equipped to react to emergencies, I am acutely aware of the potential for the Zika virus to be a real challenge for State and local governments in the coming months. You need our help. This House has done nothing to respond to the President’s request for $1.9 billion in emergency funds. My friends, this is not a frivolous request. What do emergency funds mean? Someone said, just go write a check out of the operating budget of the United States. You want us to be more fiscally responsible than that. We have a budget. We have funding that we have to obligate to the other needs of this Nation. The reason why the President rose to the level of the emergency funding, because emergency funding can come immediately outside of the budgeting process and begin to get these dollars to community health entities in our States and the Centers for Disease Control, who will have to be dispatched to our States to help if the epidemic becomes uncontrollable. No action. One leader in this House said they are doing absolutely nothing in response to the President’s request. They don’t want to give him the money. Thank goodness the Senate has just passed a compromise, the other body, $1.9 billion in emergency funding for this important effort that we must have. I come from Houston that has a tropical climate, with many climatic similarities with other States along the Gulf Coast, parts of Central and South America, as well as the Caribbean. Tropical climates are hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus. In addition, Houston has a large and very diverse population that travels to many parts of the Zika virusimpacted zones located throughout Central and South America and the Caribbean where mosquito transmission of the Zika virus is a primary means of exposure to the illness. People coming back and forth into the United States, citizens, those who have legal documents will travel across this Nation. There is no reason to point to these individuals and make them scapegoats. We should be prepared. What about vacationers? No matter how much you have spoken about the Zika virus, there will be vacationers who will still be going to places because they planned their vacation. They are going right into the heart of the storm. As we well know, those women who will become pregnant will be the prime target for a devastating impact on their embryo, their baby that may be born with severe brain damage, lifelong brain damage. We held a hearing early in March because I knew that I could not wait to educate my community. I called the Zika virus planning meeting along the Gulf Coast that would include doctors, agency officials, community service and faithbased organizations to start to build the bridges between those communities to defeat Zika. As you well know, the summer Olympics will be held this year, and all of our American athletes will be going to Brazil. Brazil is also one of the serious sites of the Zikacarrying mosquito. It is a very serious and important effort. Communities across America should not be panicking, but they should be preparing their community health centers, their public health system to confront the Zika virus if it comes to their community either by way of an individual who needs treatment or by chance of this mosquito. b1215 So I have called for a national task force on the prevention of Zika virus infections in order to target funding for tropical climate areas, like Houston, south Texas, Florida, and other places in the southern region of the United States that have a tropical population, and to focus on the environmental cleanup of city water and trash near populated areas. Most people are aware of the extreme flooding—20 inches of rain—that hit my community just 10 to 15 days ago. There were large amounts of sitting water and trash in a tropical area, tires. I visited a site in my district after the rains that had sitting water. It was just an open, welcoming place for the Zikacarrying mosquito. I have also asked for public education campaigns targeting all public and private pediatric clinics and OB/GYN services for pregnant women. I need them to be educated that any mosquito repellant that does not have the DEET name on it is not sufficient. If you are traveling overseas, your mosquito repellant must say the word ‘‘DEET,’’ which was work that I did in the United States Congress a few years ago when mosquito repellants did not have that word on them. We worked legislatively and with the EPA to ensure that you knew if it had that component. And you must be careful in using that as well. We want to provide DEET repellant free to certain highrisk populations, in cooperation with private companies. Demand for DEET products will likely increase because the Zika virus is in the news. We may run out. So it is important that companies need to be alerted to set aside products for tropical areas along the south Texas coast and other States along that tropical area going along the Gulf Coast: Alabama, as I have said, Florida, Mississippi, and others. And keep children’s wading pools empty of water, my friends. These are goals that should be met. I encourage stakeholders to be calm, but to meet with your infectious disease physicians, who are in all of your communities, along with your public health leaders, faith leaders, and others, to educate about this particular disease. It is important that we move on this call by the President. This is not frivolous. This is an effort that is as clear as if we had called a battalion into operation—the United States military— because we were under attack. This is prevention—being prepared for potential devastating impact. These are not my words. One of the most renowned infectious disease doctors that we have the privilege of hosting in Houston at the Baylor College of Medicine, Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine and professor of pediatrics 
and molecular virology and microbiology at the Baylor College of Medicine, said the following points: 
Zika virus infections will increase over the next few months. Effects of the infections on pregnant women in the first trimester will be, certainly, dangerous. It will impact on the poor. Leadership to fight the spread of the Zika virus must be local and must start now. 
Dr. Peter Hotez said that this particular mosquito is the greatest killer of people in the world. They are also called the yellow fever mosquito. Now they are acquiring the Zika virus. Dr. Hotez says we are expecting 4 million Zika cases in the next 4 months, and to date, there are over a million cases in Brazil. Remember, we are traveling back and forth. As all of you know, this is a small world. No one is kept from traveling internationally. We don’t close our borders, in terms of Americans traveling on business or other responsibilities that they have. Pregnancy, during the first trimester of pregnancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika virus, it can invade the central nervous system. Let me say this more clearly. In pregnancy, if the mother is infected in the first trimester of pregnancy, it can invade the central nervous system of the developing baby and inhibit brain development, which can result in stillbirths and brain damage. It occurs in 1 of every 10,000 births. And the rate for Zika virus exposure far exceeds that number. Brain damage undermines the development either at birth, or the brain fails to develop properly after birth. The child will have difficulty in walking, difficulty in hearing, and difficulty with speech. Not all developmental consequences are known. This is Dr. Hotez: 
Three factors together make Zika virus a threat to poor communities: high concentrations of poverty—sitting trash and tires that may be found in many of our more depressed areas—the presence of the mosquitos; environmental conditions that support mosquito breeding near people; and the lack of resources for people to isolate themselves from mosquitos, such as screens, replants, and air conditioning. 
Now, we all know that on the continent of Africa they have been able to bring down the epidemic of malaria by making sure that charities like the United Nations and the Gates Foundation give mosquito nets to the people to assist them. Well, in the United States, I know a lot of people think everybody has air conditioning and that their doors and windows are closed. That is not true. There are people who have no airconditioning and have their windows open or they have screens that have holes in them. It is sad to think, but it is true. Or they are outdoors. They are walking along places that have this kind of circumstance—not because we want it to be that way, but after a terrible and devastating storm like we had in Houston, we have mounds of trash. I want to thank the mayor of the city of Houston and the Harris County Judge for working diligently on why I asked for extra money for these areas: to clean up these trash areas. Now we have extra trash because we had this terrible flood. People are still out of their homes, and trash is still piled up in many places. We need partnerships critical to defeating the Zika viruscarrying mosquitos. Zika virus control requires more than spraying for mosquitos. Mosquito and animal control need to use the best methods for preventing the spread of the disease. We can no longer say that disease is a problem from a foreign country, because it will be a problem here. Dr. Umair Shah said the important lesson from Ebola and Zika is that there is a strong connection between global health and domestic health. So, my friends, I am sounding the alarm not for panic, but preparation and preparedness, education, outreach, personal precaution, and understanding how to move around during this time, to cover up to prevent mosquito bites day and night—prevent the bites day and night—environmental cleanup. If you do not have the spray, use a mosquito net that you can purchase. It is important to note that the Zika virus is not a local mosquito population, but it will travel. Travelers must be educated regarding the Zika virus. And if you are wondering about our local atmosphere, let me tell you of the latest news. Thirteen Zika virus cases are now reported in Virginia. Two new cases were reported on Thursday, both of them in the northern region of Virginia, according to the Virginia Department of Health. I did not say Brazil. I said Virginia. There are now 388 cases nationwide as of Thursday. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 33 with the virus are pregnant. This is an action that we cannot avoid. For anyone that has not seen the Zika viruscarrying mosquito, this is a mighty powerful mosquito. And don’t in any way have me suggest that this is the size of it, but you can see the elements of it; and what we are taught is that it is a pretty strong mosquito, not to be deterred. We must get prepared. So, as we look to the elements of preparedness, let me share some other issues that I think need to be addressed. I thought this was so important. The national media has helped us try to bring it to people’s attention. I put an article in Time magazine myself, ‘‘Congress Must Act Immediately to Combat Zika Virus.’’ We are serious about this and have to get serious. We cannot have the Senate in a compromise of $1.1 billion on the emergency supplemental that the President has asked for, yet this House has not done anything. We are now going for the district work recess. I will be going home to my district to visit those individuals who are underwater, whose properties are outside of their home, mosquito gathering sites where trash is left not because they want to, but because so much has been torn up because of the water and we are waiting for it to be picked up. My community, my city needs these resources to do massive pickup of tires, massive cleanup of sitting water. The Aedes mosquito is the most dangerous of the various Zikacarrying mosquitos. You can see that it is none too friendly looking. That is why I came to the floor today. I want to leave with information directly to pregnant women, to give the information that we know to provide them with the importance of the issues that we are confronting. I include in the RECORD letters, Mr. Speaker, that I wrote in March to the Secretary of Health and Human Services pleading for the task force. As well, I include a number of other items. I also ask President Obama to look closely at the southern region and rim, where States like Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida are, because they will be the epicenter. Even though there are now 388 cases nationwide, 13 in Virginia, as the summer goes on, this is going to be of serious concern. Let me suggest to you that this is a situation where women who are pregnant are taking heed. Pregnant women in Houston and their doctors weigh the risks of the Zika virus. This is a very real circumstance. And our climate is very tropical. This mother, Tracy Smith, and her children are at their home. Smith is pregnant with twins, and she is worried about the approach of the mosquito season. So OB/GYN doctors are now having to prepare their mothers. What kind of protection should they take? What kind of mosquito repellant should they utilize? And what measures? Should they have mosquito nets inside their house, even though they may be living in an airconditioned facility? But what you say for one mother who may have a more economic level of opportunity than others, you need to say for the entire population of pregnant women, because there is no doubt. Dr. Hotez has said this is going to be a season where we have to be extremely concerned about the Zika virus and the Zikacarrying mosquito. So what we are suggesting is mosquito traps. And they will be in these areas that are attractive to their environment and their trends: sitting water, dirty water, wading pools. They are not prohibited, if I might say, from getting an airplane ticket. They will get here on their own. We have to take it very seriously. So, I want an immediate response by this House to pass the President’s emergency supplemental and to work with the Senate on the $1.1 billion that has been requested. b1230 It is money to save lives of Americans. It is money to give pregnant 
women comfort that their newborn child can be born in this country with the best opportunity for survival and, of course, to reach their fullest potential. Many of you have seen the video, tragically, of those babies with small brains that have now been born in countries in South and Central America. It is a sentence, although we love everyone, that we should not render to an unborn child. And to that mother who is looking forward to raising that child, either her first or along with her other children, let me tell you what the Zika virus will do. Pregnant women can be infected with the Zika virus, as I said. The primary way that pregnant women get the Zika virus is through the bite of an infected mosquito. Zika virus can be spread by a man in sex partners. A pregnant woman can pass Zika virus to a fetus. Zika virus can be passed from a pregnant woman to a fetus during pregnancy or at delivery and then that impact comes at a later time. If a pregnant woman is exposed, we don’t know how likely she is to get Zika. If a pregnant woman is infected, we still don’t know how the virus will affect her or her pregnancy. We don’t know how likely it is that Zika will pass to a fetus. We don’t know, if the fetus is infected, if the fetus will develop birth defects. It means that they cannot cure this in the womb. We don’t know whether her baby will have birth defects. We don’t know if sexual transmission of the Zika virus poses a different risk of birth defects than mosquitoborne transmission. So, because we have all these questions, we need the $1.9 billion that the President asked, but we need it to begin to answer these questions and we need to be able to have doctors like Dr. Hotez, a major leader in infectious disease, begin the research to know what is the best repellent not in terms of mosquito repellent, but what is the best scientific response to this dastardly and predictable potential of the Zikacarrying mosquito coming to the United States and having an impact on all of those who are excited about looking forward to the birth of a newborn baby. I hope that, as we return from our work recess, this House and the Republican leadership, as was said earlier on the floor, end any partisan bickering, any debate or disagreement with the President of the United States, and accept the fact that he is the CommanderinChief and that his experts, the Centers for Disease Control, who are the entity to which all of us in our respective communities immediately turn for assistance on infectious diseases or natural disasters as it relates to health care—we call upon them to come to our districts and our States. We ask them to help us and to make sure that we and our healthcare system are doing all that we can to be able to be helpful. I do want to end by saying the reason why we are in such an alarm is there is now no vaccine to prevent or medicine to treat the Zika infection so that, if you are infected, as a mother, there is nothing right now. So we have to work on the research and the preventative aspect in order to protect these unborn children. The illness can be mild, with symptoms lasting for several days to a week. But it is that unborn child right now and the larger impact we have yet to understand. People may not be sick. They may not be sick enough to go to the hospital. They may not die. For this reason, people might not realize that they have been affected. That means we don’t know whether their infection can cause someone else to be infected because we need to do more research. We know it is transmitted by this mosquito. We need to make sure we understand whether there is any other kinds of transmissions that we have. We know that there have been Zika travel advisory notices. We know that this is not a happy experience for the countries that we have listed. But I feel compelled to say that the Zika virus has been noted in Cape Verde, the Caribbean, Aruba, Barbados, Bonaire, the Dominican Republic, Guadeloupe, Haiti, Jamaica, Martinique, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, U.S. territories St. Maarten, St. Vincent, The Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Zika virus is in Central America—Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama—Mexico, the Pacific islands, American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, Samoa, Tonga. The Zika virus is in South America: Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guinea, Guyana, Paraguay, Surinam, and Venezuela. I am not condemning these places. I am only asking that travelers take caution. And pregnant women need to take counsel from their OB–GYN. So, my friends, our job and task here in this country is to be the umbrella on a rainy day. It is to ensure that the American people have all of the information that will help them make very important decisions. It is to make sure that our health system and our doctors who are in their offices, in general medicine or internal medicine, have all the information and tools to be able to determine whether a woman has been infected and happens to be pregnant. So my task here today is to say that we cannot wait. I am disturbed that we now have a week and we have not yet passed the emergency supplemental to help our friends in Puerto Rico, which, as I indicated, have a serious, serious opportunity to be without the resources that they need in the tropical climate that they are in to be able to confront the Zika virus. That is a U.S. territory. How unfair that is. To my friends in this House, you cannot wait any longer. When we come back, there needs to be on the floor of the House a bill passing the Senate compromise or the $1.9 billion emergency supplemental that the President has asked for, as the Commanderin Chief. We need to roll up our sleeves. We need to ensure that the American people are taken care of. And I just want to add this: Our military personnel are in tropical climates. We can treat them with limited dignity absolutely not. They must have both the medical personnel and the equipment to either be of assistance to places where they are, where the epidemic may be, as they did when they were sent to Africa to help set up a hospital structure that did not exist. We don’t know where this will be the worst, and I can assure you that our military personnel may be called on, working with the Centers for Disease Control. Are we going to leave them without the resources they need? I hope not. I take my role on the Homeland Security Committee very seriously. It is our responsibility to deal with the security of this Nation. We have excellent Members who are working hard, such as my dear friend DONALD PAYNE , who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. We work together to ensure that America is prepared. Right now this Zikacarrying mosquito has the potential for being here in the United States and creating havoc among pregnant women and possibly others. What is our task? It is, Mr. Speaker, to do our job and to prepare the American people. We owe that to the great and wonderful people of this Nation, to the mothers and fathers expecting that bundle of joy. We owe that to all of them. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, which has a core mission of emergency preparedness of state and local governments to be equipped to react to emergencies make me acutely aware of the potential for Zika Virus to be a real challenge for state and local governments in the coming months. This emerging health issue is a matter of great importance and one that must be addressed in timely way through a coordinated effort by federal, state and local government joined with community partners. Houston Texas has a tropical climate with many climatic similarities with other states along the Gulf Coast; parts of Central and South America as well as the Caribbean. Tropical climates are hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika Virus. In addition, Houston has a large and very diverse population that travels to many of the Zika Virus impacted zones located throughout Central and South America and the Caribbean where mosquito transmission of the Zika Virus is the primary means of exposure to the illness. I have identified shared concerns among state, and local agency officials regarding a need to have a plan to address Zika Virus in 
the Houston and Harris County area that would include every aspect of the community. For these reasons, I called the Zika Virus planning meeting along the Gulf Coast that would include doctors, agency officials, community service and faith based organizations to start to build the bridges between these communities to defeat Zika whether it was contracted through travel or mosquito borne transmissions. Houston is fortunate to have diverse community of pastors who serve people in need throughout the area. Part of the Zika Virus response must be to ensure that we are doing all that we can and should be doing to reach every community. Congresswoman JACKSON LEE’s work on environmental mosquito mitigation issues: As Congresswoman I worked with the EPA to get the word DEET on labels for mosquito repellant that contained the ingredient that remains the most effective mosquito repellant on the market. CDC recommends that DEET is safe for use on children 2 months of age or older. Congresswoman JACKSON LEE’s Action Plan: National Taskforce on Prevention of Zika Virus infections; Target Funding to Tropical Climate areas— like Houston and South Texas in the U.S.; Focus environmental cleanup of sitting water, and trash (tires) near populated areas; Public Education campaign targeting all public and private pediatrics practices and OB/ GYN service for pregnant women; DEET Repellent; Provide DEET Repellent free to certain high risk populations incorporation with private companies [Demand for DEET products will likely increase because of Zika Virus in the news.]; Companies need to be alerted to sit aside product for tropical areas along the South Texas Coast that will have the strongest need for the products; and Keep children’s wading pools empty of water. Goals of the Meeting of Congresswoman JACKSON LEE’s March 10 Meeting in Houston Texas: Engage stakeholders in a planning discussion on combating Zika Virus: 1. Learn what each agency is doing to address Zika Virus 2. Calm the community through information 3. Engage key stakeholders outside of government and health care in advance of Mosquito Season 2016 4. Outline the strategy to defeating Zika Virus breeding areas 5. Learn what needs to be done to effectively communicate with every community in the Houston/Harris County area 6. Discuss the emergency supplemental appropriations proposed by President Obama What is Zika Virus: Zika Virus is spread primarily through the bite of an infected Aedes [Adees] species mosquito. It is important to remember that 80% of those who get the Zika Virus will feel no symptoms. The most common symptoms of Zika [ZeeKa] are fever, rash, joint pain, and conjunctivitis (red eyes). The CDC reports based on what they know about the virus to date—Zika virus illness is usually mild with symptoms lasting for several days to a week after being bitten by an infected mosquito. People usually don’t get sick enough to go to the hospital, and they very rarely die of Zika. For this reason, many people might not realize they have been infected. Once a person has been infected, he or she is likely to be protected from future infections. What is being done to address Zika Virus: Federal: President Obama is seeking $1.6 Billion in emergency supplemental appropriations to fund Zika Virus mitigation; response, local and state federal agency programs that address environmental clean up; public education, community engagement, testing; and mosquito abatement. CDC has a disease surveillance unit at Bush Intercontinental Airport. Importance of advocating for the President’s request: Congresswoman JACKSON LEEadvised that offices that will benefit from the resources to fight Zika Virus in their communities should make their views known regarding the emergency supplemental appropriations. Speakers: Dr. Peter Hotez, Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine and Professor of Pediatrics and Molecular Virology & Microbiology, Baylor College of Medicine, said. 4 Key points: 1. Zika Virus infections will increase over the next few months 2. Effects of the infections on pregnant women (first trimester) 3. Impact on the poor 4. Leadership to fight the spread of Zika Virus must be local Dr. Peter Hotez said that Aedes Aegyptus mosquitoes are the greatest killer of people in the world. They are also called the yellow fever mosquito. Dr. Peter Hotez we are expecting 4 million Zika Virus cases in the next four months and to date there are over a million cases in Brazil. Pregnancy during the first trimester of pregnancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika Virus it can invade the central nervous system of the developing baby and inhibit brain development, which can result in: Still births; Microcephaly [occurs in about 1 in every 10,000 births] the rate for Zika Virus exposure far exceeds that number. Microcephaly is brain under development either at birth or brain fails to develop properly after birth: Difficulty walking, Difficulty hearing, Difficulty with speech. [Not all developmental or health consequences are known] There are no tests to detect the virus, but not vaccine or cure. Three factors together make Zika Virus a threat to poor communities: High concentrations of poverty; the presence of the Aedes mosquitoes; environmental conditions that support mosquito breeding near people and a lack of resources for people to isolate themselves from mosquitoes [screens, replants, air conditioning, etc.]. Zika virus disease in pregnant women in Bahia, Paraı´ba, and Pernambuco states, supports an association between Zika virus infection during early pregnancy and the occurrence of microcephaly. Primary source of the virus is through infected mosquito bites. People to people transmissions are rare, but can occur if the virus load in the body is high sexual contact can spread the virus. Leadership must be local; the CDC is only serving in a technical advisory role to local and state governments. Dr. Umair Shah Executive Director for Harris County Public Health & Environmental Services, said: Key points: 1. Partnerships are critical to defeating Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes 2. Zika Virus control requires more than spraying for mosquitoes 3. Mosquito and animal control use the best methods for preventing the spread of disease Dr. Umair Shah said that the important lesson from Ebola and Zika is there is a strong connection between global health and domestic health. We can no longer say that disease is a problem from that foreign country, because it will be a problem for the United States if it is not addressed wherever it might originate. He said that you can only effectively clap with two hands. The partnerships that must be developed among local, state and federal agencies as well as community leaders are critical to the success of winning a fight against the Zika Virus. Mosquito control will not be enough to deal with Zika Virus because the host mosquito that is a primary carrier has evolved to live on human blood—even when given a choice of animal or human blood the Aedes Egypti will choose human blood. It lives near the ground—so spraying in the air will not work; it likes to be near people; it requires very little water to breed; it can hide under leaves, and will seek out homes where people live. Zika Virus response requires a new approach: Education; Outreach; Personal precaution: Cover up to prevent mosquito bites day and night: Slogan ‘‘Prevent the bite day and night’’ Environmental cleanup—removing things that will hold water, small wading pools for children, gutters, grills, tires, toys, trash, etc. If you do not have air conditioning use a WHOPES approved net like Pramax (156 holes per square inch and long enough to tuck under the mattress) Permethrintreated bed nets provide more protection—do not wash them or expose them to sunlight, which would break down an insecticide that kills mosquitoes and other insects. Important to note: Zika Virus is not in the local mosquito population yet. All domestic Zika cases except one have been linked to travel. Travelers must be educated regarding Zika Virus. They should know the symptoms and should seek care. They should not fear being shunned for having the virus. Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mosquito Control Division, prior to his current public service he served 25 years in the military. Harris County Health Department Zika Website: http://www.hcphes.org/publications/ hcphes responds/ 2016 zi ka virus/ Key points: 1. Get rid of the mosquito breeding habitat. 2. Ecologically people are the preferred food source for Aedes mosquitoes. 3. No need to panic. 4. The solution to Zika Virus is community involvement. Dr. Dubboun traveled to Brazil to join others in his field to sharing information on mosquito control with the hope of determining the best practices to achieve better results. 
Dr. Dubboun said that the best approach to ending the threat of Zika virus is to get rid of the habitat that is used by the mosquito to breed. Ecologically people are the preferred food source for the Aedes mosquitoes. He said that there was no need to panic because the weather right now (March 10, 2016– April 30, 2016) is not great for mosquito breeding, which means we have time to address environmental issues that support Aedes mosquito breeding. Spraying will not work to control the Aedes aegypti mosquito because this mosquito does not fly in the air—it stays close to the ground; can breed in very small amounts of water; and hide very well. The solution to fighting the Zika Virus is community involvement in working to minimize the habitats that allow Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes to breed. Dr. Gruber, Assistant Commissioner from Regional and Local Health Services for the State of Texas: Key points: 1. Number of cases in Texas and nearly have are in Harris County they are travel related except one; 2. Core ways to address key elements of a stop Zika effort. Dr. Gruber said that he was there from the state to listen to what was being said and to communicate that the state was planning to support communities in combating Zika Virus. On April 14 the state of Texas there have been 31 confirmed cases of Zika Virus, we know this because the patients were ill enough to seek medical attention and the tests were positive. Twelve of those cases were in Harris County. It is important to note that 80% of people who will be infected will have no symptoms, which means it is not possible to know how many people have returned from travel with the virus or antibodies after having been exposed. 1. Core ways to address the existence of Zika Virus: a. Health community communication with the public; b. Correct vector control; c. Surveillance; d. Planning; e. Keep yards clean; i. Communicate to authorities any needs for services to assist with clean up or to address environmental issues related to Zika. f. The battle against Zika must be viewed as a community fight—we must enroll people to become members of the Public Health Army. Bishop James Dixon, Community of Faith Church: Key points: 1. The poor are not equipped to protect themselves from anything; 2. Education is key; 3. Access to the Community is essential; 4. Many churches have Haiti Missions that must be educated on this issue; 5. Larger forum to engage the community on the issues of Zika Virus 6. See others in the world as our neighbors, not as foreigners. Bishop Dixon said that we must stop seeing the people of other nations as foreigners but neighbors. People who are poor do not have the means of helping themselves. By the very definition of poverty—it is not just a state of being, but a state of existence, a state of mind, and the source of our ability to be compassionate, not just think compassionately. Education is key to reaching those who are most in need, but breaking through the barriers of poverty will require a great deal of effort. People must come from outside of these communities into them to knock on doors, pick up trash, hang mosquito netting, hand out DEET and show people how to use it, help the elderly who cannot do their own yard clean up, share with people the city and county numbers to call to remove trash and tires, and teach people how to police their yards for items that will allow mosquitoes to breed. Prevention of Zika Virus transmission to humans must be the goal. Houston has a very diverse community of pastors, ministers and religious community leaders who should be part of this discussion and the solution. Dr. S.J. Gilbert Houston Metropolitan said that he wanted to bring the Zika Virus issue to the attention of the diverse ministers community and would support efforts by Congresswoman Jackson Lee. Dr. Raouf Arafat Houston Health and Human Services Office of Surveillance and Public Health Preparedness said: Key points: 1. Houston routinely deals with medical or health related emergencies; 2. The talent in the city and county government health departments are unmatched in other locations around the nation; 3. We work well together and see each other as partners; 4. The Laboratory serves the entire area with testing services; 5. Training of public health workers is essential; and 6. Communication is essential. City of Houston Website on Zika: http:// www.houstontx.gov/health/Epidemiology/ Zika_Virus.html. Dr. Arafat said that through surveillance and public health efforts that Houston routinely responds to and effectively addresses emergencies that never see the light of day because they are well managed. Disease control and prevention are areas where Houston excels and very few areas of the country have a combination of very talented people working in city and county government on the issue of public health. We have laboratory services that can test for Zika Virus, but only in cases where the CDC guidelines are met, e.g., recent travel to a region with the virus, symptoms consistent with the infection, etc. As I have said the virus carrying mosquitoes are not in the Houston area. My purpose in working on this issue is to make sure that Houston along with other Gulf Coast communities is prepared for the 2016 mosquito season. The U.S. has the experience and we should use it to help other nations, by doing so we also help ourselves. The strength of the U.S. approach is the systems that have been built up and developed over time. These systems allow for us in Houston and Harris County to know if something serious is occurring in the city. On January 1, 2016 people in this field of disease control expressed a position that it was important to start working on Zika Virus issues, but no one else was thinking about the virus. By January 29 everyone was talking about Zika Virus. Stephen Williams, Director of Houston Health Department, said: Key points: 1. There is no need to be alarmed; 2. We have been thinking about this for some time; 3. The key to success will be personal responsibility; and 4. Environmental work has already begun. Community action is important to meeting the challenge and each person must play a part in the overall success of the plan. The school education plans for Zika Virus in Houston Texas will begin in early to late April. During this same period they will be doing 
a visibility campaign for the public to learn about protecting themselves from the virus, which will include multipurpose centers and community health clinics. There is no need for alarm about the topic of Zika, we deal with and take care of situations on a daily basis that no one ever knows about that are serious. We will be successful in Houston if the funding the President requested are approved by Congress. The city of Houston began ramping up waste cleanup in low income areas like the 3rd Ward located in my District by going after illegal dump sites. However, breeding sources in yards is not something the city or county can take care of. If the trash is in a vacant lot or on the side of the road that is the government’s responsibility, but private property is the owner’s or occupant’s responsibility. Houston has organized an incident command structure to combat Zika Virus, which is the effort to better coordinate resources and planning across agencies. Houston Sanitation Department is part of that effort. Dr. David Persse, Physician Director, Emergency Medical Services, Houston Public Health Authority, said: Key points: 1. Houston Emergency Command Center; 2. Solid Waste Collection efforts; 3. Phase I of Zika Virus Response; 4. Phase II of Zika Virus Response. Dr. Persse said Houston’s Emergency Command Center has been ramped up, which includes Houston Department of Solid Waste, Department of Housing and Air Port Authorities, etc. Dr. Persse said Houston and Harris County are in Phase I of the Zika Virus preparation where there is no virus in mosquitoes in the area and the only cases are coming from those who have traveled to areas where the infection is transmitted by mosquito bite. During this phase Houston and Harris County will focus on environmental cleanup of breeding sites and education of homeowners about breeding mosquito sites on their property. Goal: Get rid of breeding sites. Phase II will focus on mosquito breeding and will start in midto late April into May. Julie Graves, (Confirmed) MD, MPH, PhD Regional Medical Director Health Service Region 6/5S Texas Department of State Health Services, said: Dr. Graves said that the need to coordinate among all agencies responsible for Zika Virus 
preparation, public education, remediation and control was critical. She said that chikungunya virus spread in the Caribbean was attributed to the lack of cooperation among governments and agencies. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
[TIME, Apr. 20, 2016] CONGRESS MUSTACTIMMEDIATELY TO COMBAT ZIKAVIRUS 
TO PREVENT OUTBREAKS  (By Sheila Jackson Lee) Members of Congress recently received news so chilling that it is imperative that they take immediate action to approve the about $1.9 billion in emergency funding for Zika preparedness requested by the Obama administration. According to Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Disease, the mosquito that carries the Zika virus, which is already spreading rapidly in Latin America and the Caribbean, has been detected in nearly 30 states and could infect hundreds of thousands of people in Puerto Rico. In Brazil, Zika has been identified as the cause in many recent cases of microcephaly, a birth defect resulting in babies being born with small heads and developmental problems. Zika poses a special risk for pregnant women since the virus can be transmitted through the bloodstream to the fetus. Previously, it was thought that Zika was only a problem during the first trimester of pregnancy, but according to officials at the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, it has now been learned that the virus is likely to be a problem throughout the term of pregnancy. In February, the Obama administration requested Congress to approve about $1.9 billion in emergency Zika prevention funding, but to date Republican congressional leadership has not acted. If Congress does not act to approve the urgently needed funding, federal public health agencies will be forced to divert funding away from research into malaria, tuberculosis and a universal flu vaccine. It is outrageous that the Republican congressional leadership is putting at risk the health and safety of hundreds of thousands of persons by refusing to do its job. The impact of that failure of responsibility is likely to be felt most severely in the congressional districts like the one I represent in Houston, Texas. Because the summer months in areas along the Gulf Coast and the southwest region of the United States are unusually long and hot, Houston is expected to be an epicenter of any Zika outbreak in the U.S. In impoverished areas of the city and county, there are many open ditches in residential areas and lots where tires are illegally dumped. These are ideal breeding habitats for Aedes aegypti, the mosquito species that carries the Zika virus. Experts now know that it can also be transmitted in other ways, including sex. Mosquito control will not be sufficient to limit the spread of the Zika virus because the Aedes aegypti has evolved to live on human blood, which it will choose over animal blood whenever it has the opportunity to do so. This breed of mosquito lives near the ground and near people, which limits the effectiveness of areole spraying. The Aedes aegypti mosquito can breed in a habitat as small as a cup of dirty water, it can hide under leaves, and it will seek out homes where people live. To combat the threat posed by Zika, it is essential that the public be enlisted as the first line of defense. But for this effort to be successful, resources must be available to implement communitybased mosquito control and abatement programs. That is why I have called upon the Republican congressional leadership to approve the requested about $1.9 billion emergency Zika prevention funding immediately, with $100 million dedicated to support local government efforts to conduct environmental cleanup activities to remove items in populated areas that promote mosquito breeding. This funding would also support coordinated publiceducation campaigns to encourage proactive efforts to seek early medical care when Zika virus symptoms are present, or early in a pregnancy. The funding would also provide the resources to teach community residents how to check for and safely address mosquito breeding areas; repair or replace broken or torn door and window screens; and provide DEET mosquito replant products to lowincome communities and mosquito netting for beds in homes that have no air conditioning. Last month, I convened the first of what are planned to be several strategic planning sessions with state and local officials to prevent any outbreak or spread of the Zika virus. Here in Houston and Harris County we are prepared to meet this serious challenge to public health and safety with determination and resolve. All we are lacking is the federal funding needed to succeed. And that is why Congress must act immediately. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 10, 2016. Hon. SYLVIA MATHEWS BURWELL , Secretary of Health and Human Services, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Washington, DC. DEARSECRETARY MATHEWS BURWELL : I ap plaud the President and commend his designation of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services as the lead federal agency charged with responding to the threat posed by the Zika virus. I am writing to request that the Department of Health and Human Services establish a National Taskforce on the Prevention of Zika Virus infections in pregnant women and girls. The Zika Virus is a serious illness for pregnant girls and women. Zika virus can be spread from a pregnant woman to her fetus and has been linked to a serious birth defect of the brain called microcephaly in babies of mothers who had Zika virus while pregnant. Other problems have been detected among fetuses and infants infected with Zika virus before birth, such as absent or poorly developed brain structures, defects of the eye, hearing deficits, and impaired growth. CDC recommends special precautions for pregnant women. There is no treatment or cure for those infected with Zika Virus. Experts believe the Zika Virus will be a seasonal epidemic for North America, but will primarily affect those states in the south and will flare up in the summer and continue into the fall in tropical zones. As you know, in Texas we have had particularly hot and long summers, with tropical zones along the Gulf Coast that include Houston Texas. There are two types of the Aedes mosquitoes known to carry the virus that found in the Houston area. Houston will possibly be ground zero for the United States because of environmental conditions that support breeding of mosquitoes that are known to carry Zika Virus in the Americas that are found in close proximity to low income areas and the proximity. Prevention measures consist of community based mosquito control programs that are able to reduce vector populations and personal protection measures to reduce the likelihood of being bitten by infected mosquitos. Thank you for your consideration of this request. Very truly yours, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, Member of Congress. f 
THESE ARE THE TIMES THAT TRY MEN’S SOULS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUSSELL ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an interesting time. Sometimes you think about the literary quote ‘‘These are the times that try men’s souls,’’ but there have been trying times before and there will be again. But our Congress continues to be urged to do things that sound like a great solution, sound like a good, compassionate thing to do, but when you get to the bottom of them, sometimes they are the most uncompassionate things we could do. For example, there are reports of sexual abuse victims who are female being deeply troubled. There are FBI statistics that indicate that perhaps 18, maybe 20, percent of women in America have been sexually assaulted. Other types of crimes on females raise the percentage even higher. There are statistics that indicate transgender may be threetenths of 1 percent. Who knows what the right numbers are? But I think we should be far more compassionate with female sexual abuse victims that comprise such a large number in weighing whether you want to have men come walking in on women in restrooms, dressing rooms. Also, the talk has been this year that we are going to have sentencing reform because it is the compassionate thing to do. We are told that there are massive, massive numbers of people who have been incarcerated in Federal prison for simple possession cases, and we have moved on. We have evolved in this country where we don’t look on those as critically. So it is time to start releasing some of those people. Having been a judge of a felony court, I can’t say I did the right thing on sentencing in every case, but I can say I struggled. I got all the information that was available. I considered it before we ever undertook the sentencing hearing. I considered everything submitted at the sentencing hearing and wrestled and tried to get to a just and appropriate sentence. Judges do that all over the country. Some think they are being compassionate and quickly release criminals, not being quite as dedicated to reviewing backgrounds and the indications of repeat offenses to come. So they release people too quickly, sentence them too lightly, and they go back and commit other offenses. We know from the recidivism rate that is going to happen, but you try 
your best, as a judge, to do the right thing. Then the thought of someone in Washington that never ever reviewed all of the facts of the case, never heard all of the evidence that you or the jury heard in assessing sentence, who have just got some big picture that they think they may be able to apply and generalize sufficiently—the thought is repugnant that they would come in and say: We are going to have this blanket set aside, a reduction in the sentence that was achieved through a very deliberative process. b1245 There are also a lot of fallacies and a lot of fiction that has been thrown out regarding sentences, some vast many that have been sentenced to and sitting in Federal prison for just having a little bit of marijuana; we have got to let those go. Anybody that has prosecuted knows, whether you have prosecuted as a State prosecutor or a Federal prosecutor, Federal prosecutors have traditionally not been interested in small possession cases. They are not interested. They weren’t in east Texas. When I was in court, when I have been a prosecutor and a judge, the State prosecutors in east Texas and the Federal prosecutors actually worked very well together. Every now and then there might be a rare case where the State prosecutors would realize that there was a very heinous offense that was committed, but the Federal Court may have a higher range of punishment, and because this person is such a threat to society, might ask the Federal prosecutors to take a look to see if this is something you would be interested in pursuing. More often than not it was not. But most of those cases are handled in State court. I don’t have any doubt that we should be reviewing drug offenses when it comes to the new opiumrelated cases. There have been so many developments. We have got development of synthetics now that were not known, so they are not listed as items that would generate a prison sentence, that do enough damage to individuals that they should be considered to be listed in a crime to possess. So those are things we need to be constantly looking at. There is an article from Adam Kredo of the Free Beacon from yesterday. The headline is: ‘‘Obama Administration Freed 19,723 Criminal Illegal Immigrants in 2015.’’ It says: ‘‘The Obama administration released nearly 20,000 illegal immigrants convicted of crimes from custody in 2015, according to new figures published by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement bureau. The 19,723 illegals freed from custody during the last year had a total of 64,197 convictions between them, according to the data. This included 8,324 violent convictions and 208 homicide convictions.’’ Those are people who came into the country illegally who not only broke our immigration laws to come into the country, but some of them are coming in more than once illegally, some after they have been deported and come back in to commit more crimes, but nearly 20,000 released in 2015, according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, according to ICE, and it doesn’t appear that they are all being deported. Certainly if they were, there is no bar to them turning right around and coming back. One man who had, I think it was, nine DWI cases that came before me in a felony court, and the Federal authorities had never been interested in deporting him until he had a violent accident. He came before me, and I sent him, appropriately, to prison. Within 6 months he is back in my court. So I had to ask, through the interpreter, that since I sent him to prison, how is he back in my court for a new crime of violence on other people? It turned out that very shortly after I sent him to prison, finally, the Federal authorities acted—just much too late for victims that were involved— and they deported him. According to what he said through his interpreter, they took him down to the border and watched him go across the border. Then as soon as the people that deported him left, that same day, that same hour, he came right back across the border. What about all the victims? Do we want to talk about compassion? What about all the victims of the people who have been harmed, hurt, and obviously cases of people being killed because we don’t secure our border, and instead of letting people serve out the sentences that a court very deliberately sentenced, they let them go? As if we are some ubiquitous group here in Washington, somehow once you come into the District of Columbia, we are so much wiser than any judge sitting on any court anywhere in the Federal system that we know better than they did. I can tell you I have heard from judges from around the country that: If I had known that some jerk in Washington was going to come around and reduce my sentence that I agonized to arrive at, I would have sentenced much more harshly so that the appropriate sentence would have been what was arrived at by the brilliant, wise, ubiquitous jerk in Washington that set it aside too early. This article from April 12 is: ‘‘Sentencing Reform Legislation Would Disproportionately Favor Noncitizens.’’ It says: ‘‘U.S. prisoner data clearly shows two things. One, the majority of lowlevel drug offenders are serving their sentences in State, not Federal prisons. Two, most of those incarcerated in Federal prison for drug charges are noncitizens. While it may be worthwhile to pursue reform at the Federal level, it will do very little to address the problems identified by proponents of sentencing reform, and it would do almost nothing to reduce sentences for U.S. citizen drug offenders.’’ In fact, on further down it says: ‘‘As of April 7, 2016, there were 196,285 prisoners in the custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons, with 46.5 percent of these prisoners—91,270—sentenced for drug offenses. The percentage of prisoners incarcerated for drugs is just over 2
1⁄2times greater than the State prison population. However, overall, there are fewer prisoners serving time in Federal prison for drug charges than in State prisons,’’ which have 212,000. ‘‘The Federal Government collects data differently for State and Federal prisoners. In order to get the breakdown of offenses for Federal drug prisoners, data from the U.S. Sentencing Commission is available. Looking at the sentencing statistics from FY 2007 to FY 2015, a clear distinction between Federal and State prison populations is that the proportion of Federal prisoners serving time for drug possession is much higher than that for State prisoners, and Hispanics are disproportionately represented among Federal drug inmates . . . There is a higher ratio of Hispanics serving drug sentences for both trafficking and possession convictions in Federal prisons. As Daniel Horowitz points out, this is because many of the drug offenders in Federal prison are serving sentences for drug convictions related to the illicit drug trade on the U.S.Mexico border. ‘‘In response to a congressional request regarding sentencing data for Federal drug offenses, the U.S. Sentencing Commission sent data showing that 95 percent of the 305 individuals serving time in Federal prison for simple drug offenses are noncitizen . . . only 13 simple possession cases were tried in nonborder districts in FY 2014 . . . In a letter sent to Senator JEFF SESSIONS last fall, the Federal Bureau of Prisons reported that 77 percent of individuals convicted of Federal drug possession charges and more than 25 percent of individuals convicted of Federal drug trafficking charges in FY 2015 were noncitizen.’’ Sometimes graphs give us a good look and give us a better picture of what we are talking about than a word picture does. So here is what the Federal Bureau of Prisons reported last fall, that of all the people in prison, in Federal prison, U.S. Federal prison for drug possession charges and convictions, 77 percent are noncitizens of the United States. That is right. We are using our United States prisons when it comes to Federal possession of drugs. Seventy seven percent of them housed are noncitizens. Twentythree percent of those in Federal prison for drug possession charges and convictions are citizens of the United States. ‘‘The profile for Federal drug prisoners is different than at the State level, and this is why Congress needs to recognize and address these differences when crafting legislation that will effect this population. Federal drug and immigration enforcement are for now 
inextricably tied together, and Mexican drug cartels are a serious threat to public safety. A serious debate over how to best address the War on Drugs and its effects on American communities can not ignore the immigration component. ‘‘Sentencing reform bills reducing penalties for some Federal prisoners . . . are being portrayed by their supporters as a long overdue corrective to harsh sentencing laws for individuals who violate Federal drug laws, which they argue create racial disparities in the Nation’s prison population. ‘‘Reforming drug sentencing laws is one thing. Releasing criminal aliens back into U.S. interior is quite another. The Obama administration has already shown its willingness to do the latter, including those who were deemed to be criminal threats to the public. Without a bill with strong, clear language and, most importantly, a Congress willing to extend oversight over the executive branch, it is plain that the sentencing reform legislation likely to soon come before Congress will accomplish little more than to provide an early release for dangerous criminal aliens, while still failing to hold President Obama to account for his failure to enforce U.S. immigration law.’’ This article from Daniel Horowitz from this month’s Conservative Review said: ‘‘Yes, it was all an April Fool’s joke. The entire rationale and premise on which the top legislative priority of the D.C. people was built is an illusion. On a Federal level, there is no widespread epidemic of people being locked up for nonviolent drug offenses. ‘‘The entire debate over the prison population on a Federal level is absurd. Proponents of jailbreak legislation speak about the issue in the abstract and concoct all sorts of myths as to who is sentenced for Federal crimes. ‘‘This is, in fact, a finite and verifiable population. Why don’t we stop talking past each other and actually take a look at what is the 800 pound gorilla behind the Federal criminal justice system?’’ b1300 From there he goes on to talk about illegal immigration and the effect on our prisons. He said: ‘‘What is clear when you juxtapose the total convictions to the large number of immigrationrelated sentences and the drug trafficking convictions, the 800pound gorilla in the room when dealing with Federal crimes, is—illegal immigration. Both directly, by clogging up the system with immigration cases, and indirectly, through the open border and drug cartels and proliferation of drugs, more than half of all Federal sentences are a byproduct of immigration and the drugs that are brought in as a result of the porous border . . . Hence, the entire premise of Federal jailbreak legislation—that there are infinite numbers of individuals serving time in Federal prison for ‘nonviolent drug offenses’—is complete bunk. ‘‘If we would deal with the immigration problem and keep out much of the drug infestation by building the fence’’—it doesn’t have to be a wall— ‘‘and implementing visa tracking, both the direct effects of immigration and the drug problem, which is a byproduct of immigration, would reach a manageable level. We would save a lot of money on incarceration costs and dramatically reduce the prison population, all without risking the safety and security of Americans by indiscriminately and retroactively releasing violent criminals into our communities.’’ And people should understand, what most prosecutors will tell you is, especially in the Federal system—they don’t have plea agreements like normally you find in most States—they agree on what charges they will allow a defendant to plea to and which ones they will drop. So, if there is violence in an offense, if there is a gun used in a drug offense or violence in a drug offense and a Federal prosecutor is trying to get someone involved for carrying out that violent drug offense, but they know they want to get the guy that is over this one, they want to get the bigger fish and the even bigger fish, they are going to have to have some kind of negotiation at that level. And what they negotiate is: ‘‘All right. We will leave off the violent part of this offense and let you plead to that,’’ or, ‘‘We will leave out the burglary,’’ or, ‘‘We will leave out this other. We will leave out something else and we will let you plea to this, and the State has agreed they won’t pursue that burglary.’’ They work out an agreement so that part of the offense that would have gotten them a much more severe sentence is left out in return for their cooperation to go after the bigger fish. So when somebody in Washington that has not analyzed the facts of each case and the reason for the recommended charge to be accepted by the court goes about and just releases somebody, they are normally going to do an injustice to the victims. Some say drugs are a victimless crime. Some are tempted to think that until they look at the involvement of drugs and violent crime in burglaries. It is phenomenal. With a porous border the way we have, we see the drugs pouring in. And I literally say ‘‘we see.’’ We had a hearing yesterday with a lady who lived down near the border. Actually, she pointed out that our Federal law enforcement immigration officials are about 25 miles north of the border. We are not enforcing the border there in Arizona where she was pointing out. She and her husband put up video cameras and displayed it in the hearing. Clearly, these were guys carrying big amounts of something, apparently drugs, passing by back and forth, just bringing drugs into America because we were not enforcing and securing our border and our country. If we want to have true sentencing reform, it should not be undertaken until the border is secure so that we know we are not releasing more criminals to the interior of the United States to commit more crimes and to be back involved in the drug trade. I know some years back, after I got here, Congress decided to make it more difficult for people to get Sudafed because it was used in the process of producing methamphetamine. In east Texas, cooking methamphetamine was a problem. But most of the cooks stunk, so when people would smell something violent and they called in, immediately law enforcement would think, oh, maybe some meth is being cooked. They would go, and often that was the case. So we made it hard for lawabiding people to get Sudafed that works a whole lot better than Sudafed with any initials after it that is not true Sudafed. Some in the DEA and law enforcement back in Texas tell me what has happened: Yeah, we were able to shut down a lot of methamphetamine cooking in Texas, but since our border is so porous, the drug cartels in Mexico right across our border are pouring through synthetics and far more potent drugs. They are hooking our young people, our Americans, on drugs that are harder to get off of and induce more unpleasantness and crime. We really didn’t solve anything because we didn’t deal with what was called the 800pound gorilla in the room. It is illegal immigration. It is an unsecured border. And, of course, some can’t help but raise questions about political motivation. Because when you are trying desperately to win, say, a Presidential election or a local election, say, in Virginia, and you know from surveys that have been done, if you can restore the voting rights to people that have been in prison, a big majority of those will vote Democrat, and then when you think about the potential—wow. So if we just cut loose a massive number of illegal immigrants that are in prison, and then you have a Governor like you have in Virginia who then says, hey, we are going to let felons have voting rights, never mind you are not supposed to vote unless you are a U.S. citizen, we are finding that there is fraud in elections despite what some say. My friend John Fund had a good book on the fraud involved in elections and the voting process around the country. Look, if we are going to stop from disenfranchising real voters and real American citizens, then we have got to make sure that we have legitimate voters. That means voter ID. Why not? I mean, you have got to have an ID to do much of anything in this country. Why not have one and make sure that the disenfranchising process is not happening because we make sure that every voter is a legitimate voter? Those who were worried about it preventing minorities from voting, go 
look at places like Georgia. It has been established that, when photo ID requirements were added, there were actually more minorities that voted after that. It didn’t just disfranchise the minority. What it disenfranchised were people that wanted to vote as illegal aliens or illegally. But parenthetically, Mr. Speaker, I can’t help but wonder if you were the head of a political party, hypothetically, if you were the head of a political party and your party believed their hope for winning the next election was to get people who were felons to vote, whether they reformed or not, maybe it is time to take a look at what your party stands for. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING THE FINCA VIGIA FOUNDATION: A VERY SPECIAL U.S.CUBA COLLABORATION TO RESTORE AND PRESERVE THE CUBAN HOME OF ERNEST HEMINGWAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Finca Vigia Foundation, based in Massachusetts, and the extraordinary model it provides of what Americans and Cubans working together can accomplish. Over the past 13 years, this special collaboration has restored and protected the home, documents, and related materials of Ernest Hemingway’s home in Cuba, the Finca Vigia, located 12 miles outside of Havana, in the village of San Francisco de Paula. Like so many stories on Capitol Hill, this one began when a visitor from Massachusetts walked into my office. Jenny Phillips had an interesting story to tell because her grandfather was Ernest Hemingway’s editor and longtime friend, Maxwell Perkins. She and her husband, Frank, had traveled to Cuba earlier that year to visit the Finca Vigia, which the Cubans had lovingly cared for and operated as a museum since Hemingway’s death. We are grateful to those Cubans because there would be no Hemingway House without their decades of devotion to his memory and his legacy. In addition to touring the house and grounds, Jenny and Frank also saw thousands of Hemingway documents and photographs that were in boxes and containers in the basement, most unknown to writers and researchers. They recognized the priceless value of these papers to Hemingway scholars worldwide, but they also knew that the political divide between the United States and Cuba made their preservation and accessibility a problem. Listening to her describe what was at stake, we took the first steps that would result in a wonderful binational process to save Hemingway’s documents; preserve the architecture and physical structure of his home; restore his famous boat, the Pilar; and conserve and protect the contents of his home, including original furniture, clothing, a 9,000volume library, original galley proofs and manuscripts, and over 4,000 photographs. Time and tropical climates are not kind to these delicate materials. Partnering with the Social Science Research Council here in the United States, the Cuban Ministry of Culture, and the Cuban National Cultural Heritage Council, the CNPC, a plan of action was outlined to carry out a joint preservation project in Cuba and to conserve digitized and microfilm copies of all documents located in Hemingway’s home to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum and to the Cuban National Cultural Heritage Council. In 2002, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between Eric Hershberg with the Social Science Research Council; Dr. Marta Arjona Perez of the CNPC; and witnessed by Frank and Jenny Phillips; Sandra Spanier with Pennsylvania State University and general editor of the Hemingway Letters Project; Sean, Angela, and Hilary Hemingway, who are the grandson, daughterinlaw, and niece of Ernest Hemingway; President Fidel Castro; and myself. Dozens of Cubans and Americans attended the signing, including my wife, Lisa. Since then, scores of Cubans and Americans have worked together to make the dream of preserving this priceless legacy of Ernest Hemingway a reality. b1315 This includes officials at the State Department, at the Commerce Department, and at the Department of the Treasury in both the Bush and Obama administrations who recognized the importance to America and the world in saving Hemingway’s cultural history in Cuba and helped the project navigate the complicated requirements of U.S. regulations and license applications. I would especially like to note and thank the many Cuban cultural officials and preservation, architectural, museum, and technical experts who made this dream come true. And I apologize if I leave anyone out. I would like to begin with Cuban President Fidel Castro, whose unconditional support was essential to moving this project forward, as well as Josefina Vidal during her service at the Cuban Interests Section here in Washington and later, following her return to Havana. I want to highlight the role of then Minister of Culture, the iconic Abel Prieto, who was such an enthusiastic and encouraging voice when we first began reaching out to Cuban officials in 2002, as well as his successors, Rafael Bernal and the current Minister of Culture, Julian Gonzalez Toledo. Central to the success of the restoration and preservation of Hemingway’s house, grounds, and its contents are: Marta Arjona Perez, now deceased, who was the visionary voice on the project when she was president of the Cuban National Cultural Heritage Council, the CNPC; Gladys Collazo Usallan, who is the current president of the CNPC, as well as her predecessors Manuel Palacios Soto and Margarita Ruiz Brandi; Nestor Garciaga, vice president of the CNPC and chief conservator of the Hemingway papers; Gladys Rodriguez Ferrero, long associated with the Hemingway collection and buildings and the former director of The Finca Vigia Museum, has been one of the most influential voices and actors in the preservation and restoration projects; Ada Rosa Alfonso, the current director of The Finca Vigia Museum, and Isabel Ferrero, the current deputy director of the museum; Architect Enrique Hernandez Castillo; Structural engineer Livan Yanes Diaz; Historic preservation architects Fernando Sanchez Rodriguez and Marco Antonio Vidal Garcia; Conservators Elisa Serrano Gonzalez, Liabys Alfonso Perez, Rosalba Diaz Quintana, and Roberto Abaen Siglen; Arborist Rafael Ibanez San Miguel and Manuel Valle Lopez from the Institute of Forestry Research. Their leadership, participation, expertise, vision, and generosity have been the essential heart of this successful collaboration. I know I speak for many Americans when I say that we share their pride and joy in having participated day by day in the restoration and preservation of Hemingway’s legacy in Cuba. I count each of them as a valued colleague and as a friend, and I feel honored to have had the privilege, even in a small way, of having worked with them on this historic project. Initially known as the Hemingway Preservation Foundation, the nonprofit Finca Vigia Foundation has been the critical coordinating agent of U.S. professionals and technical experts who have contributed their expertise, skills, time, and passion to this major preservation undertaking. Since 2004, the Foundation has harnessed the talents, skill, and collaboration of the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Social Science Research Council, Mystic Seaport, and the Northeast Document Conservation Center to create teams of engineers and architects, of preservationists and document conservators, and of botanists, builders, and photographers to: Architecturally restore and preserve Hemingway’s home to its 1950s splendor; Restore Hemingway’s famous yacht, the Pilar; Conserve and digitize more than 10,000 documents, 4,000 photographs, and 5 rare Hemingway scrapbooks; 
Preserve these original documents in Cuba and bring digital images to the United States to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston; Design, in a joint U.S.Cuban collaboration, an onsite archival storage facility with wet and dry conservation laboratories. There are so many individuals, U.S. companies, and foundations that have made the restoration of Hemingway’s house a personal passion. They have dedicated time and talent, materials, and funding to this initiative for over a decade. I would just like to mention a few: First are the foundations whose early contributions allowed this project and The Finca Vigia Foundation to get its feet on the ground, explore with its Cuban partners how to bring this dream to fruition, and put the first cornerstones in place. They are the Ford Foundation, the J.M. Kaplan Fund, The Christopher Reynolds Foundation, the Stewart Mott Charitable Trust, and the Rockefeller Foundation. Next, I would like to recognize the National Trust for Historic Preservation, which has recognized The Finca Vigia Foundation in Cuba as a U.S. Historic Preservation site—the only such site outside of the United States— and whose experience and technical expertise in preservation and cultural conservation have been invaluable. I would especially like to note the contributions of Richard Moe, the former President of the National Trust, and Paul Edmondson, the current general counsel with the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Several foundations and U.S. companies have been involved directly in the preservation projects or in providing financial support for this work. The lead sponsor for document conservation has been the EMC Corporation, headquartered in Hopkinton, Massachusetts, and especially Bill Teuber, Chris Goode, and Joel Schwartz from the company. EMC also reached out to Intel and Emulex, which also provided financial support to the project. The lead sponsors for the construction of archival storage and conservation laboratories are the Caterpillar Foundation and Caterpillar, Inc., along with the AT&T Foundation, the Ford Foundation, and American Express. U.S. professionals who have been critical contributors and participants in the technical, document conservation, construction, and architectural teams are William Dupont, the former chief architect with the National Trust for Historic Preservation and currently a professor at the University of Texas, San Antonio; architect planners Leland Cott and Henry Moss with Bruner/Cott & Associates; structural engineer Michael Henry with Watson & Henry Associates; structural engineer Robert Silman with Robert Silman Associates; landscape architects Patricia O’Donnell with Heritage Landscapes; preservation architect Mary DeNadai with John Milner Architects; and Ronald Staley, a construction specialist from Christman Company in Lansing, Michigan. Also very much involved are collections conservationist Wendy Claire Jessup and wooden boat curator Dana Hewson with Mystic Seaport. In the first years of this project, attorney Thomas D. Herman provided invaluable pro bono advice, and attorney Michael Gurdak and his team from Jones Day have provided essential services throughout the project. Special recognition must also be paid to the tireless work and engagement of MaryJo Adams and Robert Vila. Mary Jo is the executive director of The Finca Vigia Foundation and is its very heart, soul, and beating blood. Without her efforts, this project would not have been possible. Bob Vila is a builder, a wellknown TV host especially of the PBS program ‘‘This Old House,’’ and is a recognized building consultant. Bob has been involved on the ground in Cuba with overseeing every phase of the restoration of Hemingway’s house and grounds. Along with Jenny Phillips, he is the cochair of The Finca Vigia Foundation, but more than anything, we know that, when Bob is on site in Cuba, all is right with the world and, if it isn’t, he will make sure that it is. Finally, I would like to recognize the work of Michael Mershon, who recently left my staff and who worked with me for over a decade on the Hemingway project. Right now U.S. and Cuban technical teams are constructing a facility on the grounds to carry out onsite archival storage with wet and dry conservation laboratories. Known as the ‘‘taller,’’ which means ‘‘workshop’’ in Spanish, this facility will ensure the longevity of the Hemingway papers. It will be the first building constructed in Cuba using U.S. materials and ingenuity since the 1950s. The Cuban Ministry of Culture views this project as a possible prototype to be replicated across the country in the preservation of cultural heritage. The construction of this critical facility is possible because of the new regulations announced by President Obama in December of 2014. With very little money and largely during a period of daunting obstacles created by a tense political climate, The Finca Vigia Foundation and its team of experts, in close collaboration with Cuban professionals and experts, have done a great service for the American people, the Cuban people, and, indeed, all of the people of the world. With passion and professional skill, they recognized that the life, memory, books, papers, and home of Ernest Hemingway are above politics and policies, which are fleeting, while art is eternal. They understand that the legacy of Ernest Hemingway is a shared heritage, belonging to both Cubans and Americans, and in one of the best models of what can happen when Americans and Cubans collaborate, they have made sure that it will never be lost. I am so very grateful to Jenny and Frank Phillips for walking into my office 13 years ago and sparking a remarkable and personal journey for me. It has offered me the rare privilege to meet and work with so many extraordinary Cubans and Americans and to participate in preserving our shared heritage around the life and artistic achievements of Ernest Hemingway. I cannot wait to see what the next chapter brings. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE STEVE ISRAEL, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable STEVE  ISRAEL , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 29, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN: I, Steve Israel, am submitting my resignation from the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy effective immediately. It has been a privilege and honor to serve in this position and one that I will never forget. I believe strongly in the importance of robust programming for future and current military leaders facing ever evolving threats and challenges and West Point exceeds this standard with the topnotch education provided to cadets. In my visits to the Academy, I have been profoundly impressed by the leadership, students and staff, who should be commended for their service to our country. I look forward to continuing to work with the Academy moving forward as a member of the House Appropriations Committee and value my time on the Board of Visitors tremendously. Sincerely, STEVE ISRAEL , Member of Congress. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of medical procedure. Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business in district. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1875. An act to support enhanced accountability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. 2845. An act to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014; to the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs; in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1493. An act to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. H.R. 2908. An act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, May 3, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mrs. WALORSKI ): H.R. 5139. A bill to limit the use of funds available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 to procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from persons that provide material support to certain Iranian persons; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, Mr. MULLIN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. LONG): H.R. 5140. A bill to repeal certain regulations relating to veterinary feed directive drugs and medically important antimicrobial new animal drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. BARLETTA , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. BRAT, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. M ICA, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 5141. A bill to provide for the termination of the Central American Minors Refugee/Parole Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia, Ms. KUSTER , and Mrs. LAWRENCE ): H.R. 5142. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the sharing of health information concerning an individual’s substance abuse treatment by certain entities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. PEARCE , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. ROTHFUS , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND ): H.R. 5143. A bill to provide greater transparency and congressional oversight of international insurance standards setting processes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 5144. A bill to amend the State Small Business Credit Initiative Act of 2010 to help small businesses access capital and create jobs by reauthorizing the successful State Small Business Credit Initiative and to allow participating States to provide program funds to small businesses for development of affordable housing; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. YARMUTH ): H.R. 5145. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to exclude abusedeterrent formulations of prescription drugs from the Medicaid additional rebate requirement for new formulations of prescription drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Ms. KUSTER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. BEYER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 5146. A bill to provide for certain actions by the International Trade Administration in order to increase exports by small and mediumsized enterprises, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HONDA , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Ms. MENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. POLIS, and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 5147. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5148. A bill to amend the Department of Education Organization Act and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require publication of information relating to religious exemptions to the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Ms. TITUS, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. BOUSTANY ): H.R. 5149. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the circumstances under which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide reimbursement for emergency ambulance services; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. ISRAEL , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. NADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. R EED, Mr. KATKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 5150. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 5151. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide an extension of the special survivor indemnity allowance provided to widows and widowers of certain deceased members of the uniformed services; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 5152. A bill to amend the hold harmless provision for career and technical education assistance grants to States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5153. A bill to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to provide for the designation of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judges by the President, majority of the Supreme Court, Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives, and majority leader and minority leader of the Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H.R. 5154. A bill to require that State and local law enforcement agencies conform to Federal guidelines in using cell simulator devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. WELCH , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 5155. A bill to establish a grant program to assist dislocated miners in receiving additional training and education to enable them to find and secure new jobs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 5156. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide coverage under such Act for credit cards issued to small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 5157. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to State educational agencies for the modernization, renovation, or repair of public school facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 5158. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a conditional 10 percent rate of tax for certain businesses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5159. A bill to amend the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act to authorize certain recycled water projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: H.R. 5160. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5161. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the qualifications for licensed mental health counselors of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. BENISHEK ): H.R. 5162. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose to nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs health care providers certain medical records of veterans who receive health care from such providers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. PLASKETT (for herself and Ms. BORDALLO ): H.R. 5163. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for economic recovery in the Virgin Islands and Guam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. BORDALLO , and Mr. LEVIN): H. Res. 712. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 2016 as ‘‘Mental Health Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. TIPTON , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. B LUM, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. BORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. JUDY CHU of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. COSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. DUCKWORTH , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. ESTY, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Ms. H AHN, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. HULTGREN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KILMER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHYof Florida, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. SCHRADER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. SIMPSON , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. TITUS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. GARAMENDI , and Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California): H. Res. 713. A resolution honoring the vital role of small business and the passion of entrepreneurs in the United States during ‘‘National Small Business Week‘‘, beginning on May 1, through May 7, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. FATTAH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H. Res. 714. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of the Fair Housing Act and Fair Housing Month, which includes bringing attention to the discrimination faced by minority populations in the United States in housing and housingrelated transactions on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, familial status, disability, and religion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. M EEHAN ): H. Res. 715. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 2016 as ‘‘National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. NEAL, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey): H. Res. 716. A resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 Easter Rising, a seminal moment in Ireland’s journey to independence; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YODER (for himself and Mr. CLEAVER ): H. Res. 717. A resolution recognizing the importance of cancer research and the contributions of scientists, clinicians, cancer survivors and other patient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to finding a cure for cancer, and supporting the designation of May 2016 as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
212. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 500, condemning the global unrelenting persecution of Christians and acts of terror and aggression against Christians; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 213. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 481, urging Congress to pass bills for the implementation of the Veterans Affairs New Veterans Choice Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 5122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 5125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5126. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 5128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LAMALFA: H.R. 5129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 5130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 5131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. This provision permits Congress to make or alter the regulations pertaining to Federal elections. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 5132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 5133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN: H.R. 5134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 5135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Commerce Clause By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. McCARTHY: H.R. 5137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 5138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is in the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Federal Drug Administration and in the power of the Congress To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States as enumerated by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to make all 
H.R. 5160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5161. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 5163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Artilce I, Section 8 Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and excises, to pay Debts and provide for common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. Article IV, Section 3, The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or Property belonging to the United States. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 135: Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 167: Ms. LEE. H.R. 194: Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 250: Mr. MASSIE and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 297: Mr. SARBANES and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 379: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 446: Mr. YARMUTH and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 499: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 563: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 649: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 781: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 814: Mr. JOYCE , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. OLSON . H.R. 815: Ms. GRAHAM , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 845: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 885: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 953: Mr. AGUILAR and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 973: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 980: Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 1100: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1109: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1112: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1141: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1192: Mr. BABIN, Miss R ICEof New York, and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1220: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1312: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 1342: Mr. HARDY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. LEWIS, Mr. L ONG, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 1422: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1616: Mrs. LUMMIS . H.R. 1635: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 1718: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 1779: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 1818: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. H ECKof Ne vada. H.R. 1911: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1943: Mr. VARGAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1972: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2076: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2090: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. LEE, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2103: Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 2124: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 2140: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 2141: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2403: Mr. DENT. H.R. 2430: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 2533: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2571: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 2694: Ms. NORTON and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2713: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2726: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 2737: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 2739: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2748: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2799: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2903: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 2939: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2992: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3012: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 3069: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3092: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 3119: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 3201: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 3381: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mr. FOSTER , and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3406: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3513: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3514: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mrs. D INGELL , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3523: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 3535: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3546: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 3632: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 3680: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 3713: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3742: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 3744: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 3846: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 3862: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3870: Ms. TITUS, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 3880: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 3892: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 3929: Mr. RENACCI , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. WHITFIELD , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3957: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 3964: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3989: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4065: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 4194: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4223: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4229: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4247: Ms. GRAHAM and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. H.R. 4262: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 4277: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 4301: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 4351: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4365: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 4378: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4389: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4447: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 4450: Mr. HONDA and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4474: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 4480: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 4488: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. N EAL, Mr. V ELA, Ms. NORTON , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 4514: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4520: Mr. HILL, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. LOEBSACK , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 4524: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4530: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4539: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 4556: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4564: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4599: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 4600: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4615: Mr. HONDA , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 4616: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4625: Mr. GIBSON and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4640: Mr. VANHOLLEN and Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4667: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4695: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 4715: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 4729: Mr. KILMER and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4730: Mr. POMPEO , Mr. S MITH of Mis souri, and Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 4760: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4764: Ms. NORTON , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 4773: Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. L UCAS , and Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 4775: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. L UMMIS . H.R. 4782: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4795: Mr. BABIN and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4796: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4798: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 4810: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4819: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 4828: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 4830: Mr. SESSIONS and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 4857: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4860: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 4872: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 4880: Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. CRAMER , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 4912: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4927: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4932: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4935: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 4938: Mr. NUNES , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . H.R. 4948: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4969: Mr. CHABOT and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 4980: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5011: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 5022: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 5025: Mr. CULBERSON and Mr. S HERMAN. H.R. 5035: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 5044: Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. VELA, Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 5058: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 5064: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 5067: Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 5076: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5090: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C OOK, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. NADLER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. NORTON , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 5114: Mr. ZINKE. H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. LUMMIS . H.J. Res. 87: Mrs. BLACK , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. WESTERMAN . H. Con. Res. 17: Ms. PLASKETT . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. WHITFIELD , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Mr. OLSON . H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. POMPEO , and Mr. B OUSTANY . H. Con. Res. 98: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. ISRAEL and Ms. M ENG. H. Res. 14: Mr. CLEAVER and Mr. S CHRADER . H. Res. 220: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. HIMES, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. GOHMERT , and Mr. P ITTS. H. Res. 221: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. SCHRADER . H. Res. 343: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. H ARDY , and Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 600: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 631: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 647: Mrs. TORRES , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. MEEKS , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. SCALISE , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. T AKANO . H. Res. 650: Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. F RANKS of Ari zona, and Mr. UPTON . H. Res. 686: Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Res. 700: Ms. BONAMICI . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016. The Great Lakes provide clean drinking water for over 40 million Americans. The region supports an estimated 1.5 million jobs, and generates over $60 billion in annual wages. Protecting the Great Lakes supports public health, public lands and beaches, local economies, and job creation. In Minnesota, the restoration of Lake Superior and the St. Louis River is vital to our State and our tribal nations. In 1987, the St. Louis River Estuary was classified as an Area of Concern because of contamination from decades of dumping untreated sewage and industrial waste into the water. Since that designation, millions of dollars have been invested in cleanup, restoration, and infrastructure. We’ve started to see some measureable improvements along the St. Louis River that are lowering human health risks, reestablishing sturgeon spawning grounds and wild rice beds, and increasing property values. We have a clear path forward involving all stakeholders in the Roadmap to Delisting for the Area of Concern. Mr. Speaker, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (GLRI) has been a huge driver of the progress that Minnesota has made in cleaning up the St. Louis River. Success stories like this are spread all across our region because of the federal investments made by the GLRI. These funds have driven publicprivate partnerships that support the health of our waters and the quality of life for all Americans. More than 100,000 acres of wetlands and 48,000 acres of coastal, upland, and island habitat have been protected, restored and enhanced in just the first five years of GLRI partnerships between the federal agencies, states and tribal nations. H.R. 223 would authorize $300 million a year for the crucial work of the GLRI, which will help remediate areas of environmental concern, control invasive species, restore habitat and wildlife, and support local businesses. Every federal dollar put into Great Lakes restoration generates $2 in economic benefit, making restoration an excellent return on investment for taxpayer dollars. The Great Lakes are a national treasure. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act will build on the successes of recent years and ensure the lakes are protected for generations to come. DISAPPROVING DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RULE RELATED TO DEFINITION OF THE TERM ‘‘FIDUCIARY’’ SPEECH OF  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the following is a letter that was submitted to our office by Christopher A. Iacovella, Esq., the Chief Executive Officer for the Equity Dealers of America, expressing the organization’s support for H.J. Res. 88, ‘‘Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘Fiduciary,’ ’’ on April 28, 2016: 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard work and dedication of workers in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas who deserve a living wage, and I call on Congress to vote on raising the minimum wage. There are over 10 million Americans working full time today who earn below the poverty line—under $24,000 a year for a family of four. In my home state of Texas, over 450,000 people are paid the minimum wage, more than any other state. AfricanAmericans and Hispanics are the most likely in our country to be among the working poor. Nearly 1in7 black and Hispanic Americans work fulltime and live below the poverty line. Eight percent of all working women in our country, 5.5 million Americans, are among the working poor. Mr. Speaker, this is simply not right. Our country must value hard work and pay our workers a living wage if we are going to compete in the 21st century. I am a proud original cosponsor of the Raise the Wage Act. This bill would raise the minimum wage nationwide to $12 an hour by 2020, and index the minimum wage to inflation afterwards, giving 35 million Americans—more than one in four—a raise. Increasing the minimum wage would raise earnings by nearly $80 billion and grow our economy when millions of Americans can finally afford to buy a new television, automobile, or home. This bill would end the unfair treatment of tipped workers by giving waiters and waitresses the same minimum wage as other workers. America is a hardworking and compassionate country. We can no longer stand by while millions of our neighbors continue to live in poverty despite their great efforts. I urge my colleagues to stand with the American people and demand a vote to raise the minimum wage. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Radnor Middle School on being named a Don Eichhorn Schools: ‘‘Schools to Watch.’’ Radnor Middle School is just one of six schools in Pennsylvania to earn this distinction this year. The ‘‘Schools to Watch’’ list was developed by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle Grades Reform. The program identifies middle schools where students are excelling academically and where teachers and administrators are improving curriculum and instruction, responding to the needs and interests of their students, and helping all students achieve success at high levels. Mr. Speaker, Radnor Middle School has demonstrated its commitment to continued improvement and to educating young adolescents for future academic, social and professional success. I congratulate Radnor Middle 
School’s hardworking administrators, teachers, staff and students for earning this impressive distinction. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary bravery of Matthew Quiroz. In September of 2012, Matthew, who is now 9 years old, was diagnosed with Wilms Tumor stage II. After more than 2 years of remission, Matthew was diagnosed with a metastic Wilms Tumor last April. He has been fighting bravely for the past 4 years, spending his time between Lubbock, Texas, and his hometown of Fort Stockton, Texas, which lies squarely in my district. Yesterday, Matthew received a warm homecoming with friends and family as he returned to Fort Stockton. Matthew’s bravery and determination has been an inspiration to me and many others in Fort Stockton and I am truly honored to represent such a courageous young man. The warmth that the community of Fort Stockton has shown Matthew has been tremendous and serves as a testament to the close knit communities that can be found in the 23rd Congressional District of Texas. I have no doubt that Matthew’s extraordinary fortitude of character and incredible demonstration of bravery in the face of overwhelming adversity will continue to serve as an inspiration to anyone who learns of his story. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, Historically Black Colleges and Universities created and fostered a generation of African American leaders who would have otherwise been denied an education due to segregation. The legacy and impact of HBCUs are far reaching and especially worthy of praise and appreciation. Today, with more than 100 institutions across the nation, HBCUs still play a vital role in educating our youth, nurturing leaders and producing great innovators. My district, the 7th Congressional District, is home to some of the most prominent HBCUs in the country, and I am very proud to represent those universities in the United States Congress through my work on the Bipartisan HBCU Caucus. Education is the great equalizer that levels the playing field and can help break the cycle of poverty that affects families across the 7th Congressional District, the state of Alabama, and this nation. Young people from every background and every walk of life deserve the right to reach their full potential. As the daughter of two educators, I know firsthand the difference a strong education can make in achieving the American dream, regardless of race, gender or socioeconomic background. HBCUs play a critically important role in educating our youth to prepare them in the areas of agriculture, science and cutting edge technology. In the State of Alabama alone, we have several HBCU institutions: From Alabama A&M, where students are working with government agencies to develop new technology to make our country safer. To Tuskegee University, where students are working with local communities and farmers to increase crop production and efficiencies. To Alabama State, where students are being trained as world class teachers equipped to educate our youth all across America. Miles College, a science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) institution located in Fairfield, is an outstanding HBCU that also offers quality educational options to traditional students, those going back to college, and law students. These are just a few examples of the critical work that is being done at HBCUs in Alabama. And I must say I am quite proud of all of the work that our HBCUs do on a daily basis. The numbers speak for themselves when it comes to the value of what is produced by HBCUs: 22 percent of Black students who earn a bachelor’s degree do so from an HBCU. Among Blacks, 40 percent of Members of Congress graduated from an HBCU, 12.5 percent of CEOs, 40 percent of engineers, 50 percent of professors at nonHBCUs, 50 percent of lawyers, and 80 percent of judges. HBCUs are still needed in this country and should be recognized and respected for their unique contributions to its students and society as a whole. As we move forward in Congress, I remain committed to working with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus and HBCUs from my district and across this country as we fight to promote the value and legacy of HBCUs. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF CROGHAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 175th Anniversary of the town of Croghan in Lewis County, New York. The town of Croghan was named after the famous war hero from the War of 1812, Colonel George Croghan. One of the major shapers of Croghan was Theodore Basselin. Mr. Basselin had interests in the businesses of timber, railroad, paper manufacturing, furniture, banking, and electric power generation. He was elected to be the first President of the Village of Croghan. Upon his death in 1914, Mr. Basselin left $25,000 for the creation of a parochial school named Father Leo Memorial School in Croghan. The Basselin mansion and family cemetery still exist in Croghan today and are considered significant landmarks. The town of Croghan is home to the American Maple Museum and Hall of Fame, the Oswegatchie Educational Center, and the Railway Historical Society of Northern New York Museum. One of the unique businesses in the town is the Croghan Meat Market that was founded in 1888 and is still going strong. The major businesses that are seen throughout the town are logging, farming, and the production of maple syrup. These businesses are vital to Upstate New York communities. Their products reach residents throughout New York and beyond, and will continue to be a strong asset to the state for years to come. Congratulations to the town of Croghan on the 175th anniversary of your formation. I want to wish the people and businesses of Croghan continued success in the future. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, for more than 30 years, Sharon Bailey served the hungry and homeless of our nation as the Vice President and Director of the Emergency Food and Shelter (EFS) program at United Way Worldwide. Mrs. Bailey passed away on September 9th of last year. We offer our deepest sympathy to her husband and daughter and her extended family, but also to her staff at United Way, the National Board members she served over the years, and especially to the staffs at social services agencies across America that have worked with her since 1983. The EFS program began in 1983 as a creation of the House Appropriations Committee. It was reacting to an outcry across the country to help supplement the local food and shelter providers dealing with a burgeoning problem. Later it was authorized, in 1985, as Title III of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act. It’s a unique program that is administered by a National Board that determines the funding allocations across the country as well as the eligible uses of the funds. The EFS National Board is chaired by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) with membership that includes the American Red Cross, Catholic Charities USA, the Jewish Federations of North America, the National Council of Churches, the Salvation Army and United Way Worldwide. The program is administered at the local level by an EFS Local Board whose membership mirrors the National Board but also contains a representative of local government as well as other agencies active in assisting the homeless and hungry in the community. Eligible services include the provision of overnight shelter and served meals, assistance to food banks and pantries, one month’s rental or mortgage assistance to prevent evictions, and one month’s utility payments to prevent service cutoffs. The program has a very broad distribution system, annually reaching out to up to 2,500 local communities and more than 12,000 local service organizations (both charitable and governmental). In order to administer such a large program, chiefly among the nonprofit community, the EFS National Board chose United Way to serve as the program’s Secretariat. It is in that role that Sharon Bailey began her three decades of service to the EFS program. 
That service included providing leadership to advance the emergency funds of more than $4 billion over the life to the program rapidly while maintaining accountability at all levels. In her position, Sharon served as the sounding board and counselor not only to her own staff but to hundreds of staff on EFS Local Boards as well as Local Recipient Organizations all across the county. She interpreted program policy and, when in doubt, brought waivers and similar requests before the National Board at its monthly meetings. She coordinated the annual audit of the program by independent outside firms, fulfilled governmental requests for information, managed the EFS program’s web site and maintained the overall budget of the program. It’s important to note that all of this work at the national level was carried out with Sharon and her staff only using 1 percent of the program’s 3.5 percent administrative budget. Sharon also arranged the National Board’s onsite visits to meet with Local Board and provider groups to understand the program’s impact and to learn how to simplify and improve its processes. I attended one of these visits in my District several years ago and can attest to the open exchange of ideas, and also to Sharon Bailey’s devotion to the people the program served. Perhaps a recognition of that devotion is the most fitting memorial to her dedication and service to our nation and the people most in need our help. 
IN RECOGNITION OF SABRA WILLIAMS AND ROBY SO BEING NAMED CHAMPIONS OF CHANGE BY THE WHITE HOUSE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge two outstanding Angelenos, Sabra Williams and Roby So, both of whom were named Champions of Change by the White House for expanding fair chance opportunities. Sabra Williams is the founder and director of the Actors’ Gang Prison Project. An actress herself, Sabra conducts an 8week theater program in prisons in California. Through her work, inmates have developed key social and emotional skills and also have increased their selfesteem and tolerance. As a result, the Department of Corrections has seen an 89 percent reduction in prison violations amongst inmates who have completed the Prison Project. Further, inmates who have gone through the program have the necessary skills to ease their transition back into society after prison, resulting in a lower risk of recidivism. Roby So is a formerly incarcerated inmate of 12 years and has turned his harsh life experiences into helping others. Roby is the re entry program manager at the Executive Clemency Initiative with Stanford Law School’s Justice Advocacy Project. The program helps reintegrate returning inmates into society after long prison sentences. Roby is also a production supervisor in the entertainment industry, serving as an example to former inmates that they, too, can successfully reintegrate into society. As our nation begins to cope with the tragic human toll of our mass incarceration experiment, I am proud of the work both Sabra and Roby do to help some of the most forgotten members of our society. The White House has rightly named them Champions of Change. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marie Willan of Wadena, Minnesota who is celebrating her 110th birthday today. A lifelong resident of Wadena, Marie has always been an active member of her community, who put caring for her family and community before herself throughout her life. She put graduating high school on hold to take care of her eight siblings, her family’s farm, then later her own son Roy. Never one to leave things unfinished, Marie returned to Wadena High School and in 2007 completed her high school diploma at age 101. Her family, thankful for all Marie’s support, says her secret to such a long life is not holding onto worries and problems. A strong woman all her life, Marie made a point not to get worked up over the little things and today looks back at a long vibrant life with over a century of memories shared with her family, friends, and community. On this very special day for Marie and her loved ones, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Marie a happy 110th birthday. 
HONORING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF AU PAIR IN AMERICA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, today, I am pleased to congratulate Au Pair in America on its 30th anniversary. Since its inception, Au Pair in America has been a leader in providing trusted livein cultural care. Au Pair in America is part of the American Institute for Foreign Study (AIFS), based in Stamford, Connecticut. AIFS has maintained an exceptional record of leadership and innovation in the international education community for more than 50 years. In 1986, Au Pair in America was the first program sponsor to be designated by the State Department to administer an au pair program. To date, Au Pair in America has placed more than 90,000 au pairs from nearly 60 countries in Europe, South Africa, the Americas, New Zealand, the Middle East and Asia with American host families in 40 states and the District of Columbia. Au Pair in America has set a high standard for management of the program and its active engagement with both U.S. families and international au pairs. Its initial model—including careful screening, orientation and child safety courses for au pairs upon arrival, and the supervision of local Community Counselors—remains the program standard to this day. The au pair program provides a unique and rewarding experience for U.S. families and au pairs. And both host families and au pairs benefit from the cultural exchange that takes place and the creation of ‘‘global families.’’ I commend Au Pair in America for its dedication in providing host families with the most complete and fulfilling childcare and cultural exchange experience available. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the life of a pillar of service from our community in East San Diego County, Mr. B.W. ‘‘Stoney’’ Stone of Santee, who passed away on April 20, 2016, surrounded by his family and loved ones. We had over 90 years with Stoney but, honestly, the selfish side of us wishes we had him a bit longer because we knew East County was better with him by our side. Born in Mesa, AZ in 1925, Stoney moved to East County with his parents as a teen, graduating from Sweetwater High School in 1943. Knowing how much service was a part of his character, it is no surprise that he immediately joined the Army Air Forces upon graduation, proudly serving his nation during World War II from 1943 through 1946. Stoney was also a successful businessman, opening Stoney’s Rock & Roll Market in El Cajon, before moving into the banking industry and becoming President of Cajon Valley Bank and eventually retiring from Temecula Valley Bank in 2000. By his side throughout this successful career was Stoney’s beautiful wife of 54 years Bonnie and a large family of five children, four grandchildren and two greatgrandchildren. In our community, Stoney was known as ‘‘Mr. East County,’’ and this was for good reason. Aside from his family, community service was Stoney’s greatest passion, particularly helping underprivileged children. Stoney founded the East County Toy and Food Drive, which has been helping kids for the past 41 years and has become East County’s largest Holiday charity collection event, assisting over 20,000 families and 50,000 children. In fact, the drive became so successful that, 14 years ago, Stoney asked the Salvation Army to come in and help organize the thousands of toy donations to ensure that they reached those in need. Eventually this event would be taken over by another great service leader in our community, the Viejas Band of Mission Indians, who have proudly carried on Stoney’s legacy. Aside from the Toy and Food Drive, Stoney was instrumental in helping the El Cajon Police Department with their D.A.R.E. program, which would eventually evolve into its own program named Stoney’s Kids. This program has raised over $800,000 since 1991 to assist underprivileged kids throughout the year in providing youth programs, summer camp, sport equipment, music instruments, exercise equipment for the disabled, and playground buildouts. As if this was not enough, Stoney was also involved with the Mother Goose Parade, the American Red Cross, and the Lion’s Club, always serving with his personal motto, ‘‘It’s All About the Kids.’’ 
In our community we like to say that ‘‘East County is a special place to live.’’ The fact of the matter is that it’s the people that make it special and there was no greater example of this than Stoney Stone. As the Congressman whose district has included East County for many years, I am proud to have had the privilege of knowing Stoney and learning from his commitment to service. And while we will miss him greatly, we are left with Stoney’s example and legacy that challenges us to do more. Thank you Stoney, for everything. 
HONORING REPRESENTATIVE JARED HUFFMAN FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE GAUCHO HALL OF FAME 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor my distinguished colleague and friend Representative JARED HUFFMAN of California’s Second Congressional District for his induction into the ‘‘Gaucho Hall of Fame’’ at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB). Born and raised in Independence, Missouri, JARED HUFFMAN graduated William Chrisman High School in 1982. His passion for volleyball led him to the West Coast where he attended UCSB. While there, he was a starter for the UCSB Men’s Volleyball team and was recognized as a threetime NCAA AllAmerican volleyball player. Upon graduating magna cum laude, JARED went on to play for the number 1 ranked USA Men’s Volleyball Team in 1987. In 1990, he graduated cum laude from Boston College Law School and served as an attorney for many years eventually representing the National Resource Defense Council working to protect the environment. JARED was elected to the California State Assembly in 2006 where he served on the Water, Parks, and Wildlife Committee and the Budget Committee. In 2012, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives where he continues to serve his constituents in California’s Second Congressional District. Since coming to Congress, JARED has served as a member of both the House Natural Resources and the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committees, where he has been a leader in the fight to protect our nation’s environment and public lands. JARED  has had a long career of academic excellence, athletic achievements, and tireless dedication to public service. For all these reasons, he will be inducted into the UCSB Gaucho Hall of Fame on April 30, 2016. I congratulate him on this welldeserved honor. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Monterey Salinas Transit, located in Monterey, California, where the history of California state government began. April 30, 2016 marks the 125th anniversary of the start of public transportation in Monterey County. On this date in 1891, the Monterey & Pacific Grove Street Railway system started service with horse drawn street cars operating on a series of rails laid in the existing road network. The rail network connected the world famous Del Monte Hotel, now the home of the world famous Naval Postgraduate School, through the Oak Grove neighborhood to downtown Monterey and the Presidio of Monterey via Del Monte Avenue to Alvarado, Munras, and Tyler Avenues. Those first transit passengers could continue on Lighthouse Avenue through New Monterey and end their journey at 17th street in downtown Pacific Grove. That first day of operation coincided with a visit from the 23rd President of the United States, Benjamin Harrison, who rode in a parade from Pacific Grove to the Del Monte Hotel. The horse drawn streetcars ran for ten years until 1901 when they were replaced by an all electric powered street car fleet operated by the Monterey Gas & Electric Company in 1903. Electric streetcars ran in Monterey and what is now Seaside in a variety of forms through 1921, when the Monterey & Pacific Grove Railway was abandoned because it was unable to compete with more cost effective rubberwheeled, internal combustion engine powered buses operated by the Bay Rapid Transit Company. For the next 50 years, Bay Rapid Transit operated buses until the Monterey Peninsula Public Transit joint powers agency took over public operation of the transit system in September 1974. In July 1981, the MPT took over public transit operations for the City of Salinas forming the MontereySalinas Transit joint powers agency which eventually became the MontereySalinas Transit District in July 2010. At that time, the MST Board of Directors was expanded to include the cities of Gonzales, Greenfield, King City, Sand City and Soledad. MST continued to grow and passengers can now connect to neighboring Santa Cruz, Santa Clara and San Luis Obispo counties. One hundred and twenty five years later, MontereySalinas Transit buses and its wirelessly powered electric trolley continue to operate along the original routes of the first horse drawn street cars. And, MST continues to provide the same level of exceptional service and value to everyone who lives, works or visits the beautiful Monterey Bay region that riders of yesteryear experienced. With ridership of 4.5 million passengers a year, MST is a regional transportation asset that continues to innovate and provide exceptional value and service for the next one hundred twenty five years. f 
CONGRATULATING KIM BROWN ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE GRAPEVINE TEXAS POLICE DEPARTMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kim Brown on her wellearned retirement from the Grapevine Police Department after serving over thirty years with the City of Grapevine, Texas. Kim began her service with the City of Grapevine as a library aid and assistant where she worked for over three years before beginning her long and distinguished career with the Grapevine Police Department. Kim started with the Department as an Administration Clerk in 1989 and was soon promoted to Administration Division Secretary before eventually moving into the Criminal Investigations Division as an Investigative Assistant. Since the beginning of her tenure in Grapevine, Kim has provided outstanding service to her community, which is apparent in the numerous commendations she has received while performing her duties. Most recently, Kim was awarded a Certificate of Merit in November, 2014, for her excellent performance. Kim’s exemplary work with the Criminal Investigation Division of the Grapevine Police Department has had a tremendous effect on the safety and security of Grapevine and the surrounding communities. Her legacy will leave a lasting mark on the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Police Department for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the contributions Kim has made to the City of Grapevine. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating Kim Brown on her many years of service. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the iFoster jobs program for foster youth. Each May, we recognize National Foster Care Month, when we acknowledge the unique challenges facing American youth in foster care. The campaign recognizes not only the foster youth, but also the foster parents, family members, child welfare professionals, volunteers, and members of our communities who help our children find foster placements, and ultimately transition successfully out of the foster care system. One of the most significant challenges facing foster youth as they transition out of the foster care system involves finding meaningful employment. As a Member of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I am committed to identifying strategies to improve the wellbeing, education and employment outcomes for our foster youth. For these reasons, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing iFoster’s foster youth employment program. The iFoster program launched in Placer County in May 2015 and has since expanded to Los Angeles County. Through a partnership with the grocery industry, it has developed an innovative employment program for transition age foster youth. The program provides participating youth with preemployment skills training, employer matching, needed material resources, preferential hiring, onthejob mentorship, and scholarship and career advancement activities. In its pilot year, the program has placed over 100 youth, and achieved a 100 percent hire rate and a 90 percent sixmonth retention rate for participating foster youth. I am pleased that this May, the program will be launching in Riverside, San Bernardino and Sacramento counties, before being replicated nationwide. 
Mr. Speaker, in advance of iFoster’s expansion next month, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring its work in the state of California. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of financial literacy month, which is observed in April of every year to emphasize the critical role consumer education plays in helping our constituents realize the American Dream. Each year, too many Americans face difficulties purchasing automobiles, buying homes, paying for college, and even finding gainful employment due to poor credit history. In fact, according to a 2014 American Bankers Association poll, 60 percent of Americans do not even know their own credit score. As a member of the bipartisan Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus, I am proud to work tirelessly with my colleagues to improve consumer financial education. That is why I introduced the Free Credit Score Act of 2016, H.R. 5058 to require the inclusion of a credit score in a consumer’s free annual credit report. During this Financial Literacy Month, I ask my colleagues to join me in the effort to improve consumer education by cosponsoring this piece of legislation. 
IN HONOR OF THE NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate May 1 through 7 as National Travel and Tourism Week 2016 and to honor the valuable contributions of the travel and tourism industry in the United States. As cochair of the Congressional Travel and Tourism Caucus since 1997, I have long recognized the benefits tourism brings to our national economy. With this being my last year as cochair of the tourism caucus, I rise to remind my colleagues that the travel and tourism industry generates nearly $950 billion annually and is a top 10 industry in 49 states and the District of Columbia. I rise to celebrate my local tourism industry that generates nearly $3 billion a year in my congressional district, and to thank Tammy Blount of the Monterey County Convention and Visitors Bureau and Maggie Ivy of Visit Santa Cruz County for helping with that success. I rise to celebrate an industry that supports more than 15 million jobs in the United States. That’s 1 out of every 9 jobs related to tourism. I rise to celebrate an industry that is America’s largest services export industry, accounting for 10 percent of all U.S. exports of goods and services. I rise to celebrate an industry that is present in every congressional district in the United States, an industry where success can be found by anyone with a positive attitude, a willingness to serve others and a desire to work hard. I rise to support this year’s National Travel and Tourism Week as an opportunity to express to the nation the importance of travel in creating economic growth and opportunity, and enhancing the quality of life throughout the United States. f 
CELEBRATING THE 275TH ANNIVERSARY OF JERUSALEM WESTERN SALISBURY CHURCH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to bring to the House’s attention the 275th Anniversary of Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church located in Salisbury Township, Lehigh County. The church is a shared ministry congregation of the Lutheran and United Church of Christ denomination and has maintained that structure since its origins as a little, log church in 1741. The original church was alternatively referred to as the ‘‘Schmaltzgass Church,’’ ‘‘the Little Lehigh Church,’’ or the ‘‘Manguntsche Church.’’ It was a place of spiritual and cultural fellowship for the Lutheran and Reformed practitioners in the surrounding community. During their 275 years in Lehigh County, the men and women of the Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church have remained active and involved participants within the area. They provide both spiritual and physical aid to those in need and are part of the fabric of our community. Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church’s congregation provides strong support to those in need through Lehigh County’s Conference of Churches and the Allentown Ecumenical Food Bank. Through their mission work and community engagement, they provide great service and support to those who are most in need. I extend my thanks to the men and women of Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church for all that they do on a daily basis to make their church, their community, and Lehigh County a better, kinder place. I wish the congregation continued peace, joy, and fellowship on this happy anniversary. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Alicia Jaramillo, a criminal division investigator with the Napa County District Attorney’s Office. Ms. Jaramillo will honorably retire on May 6, 2016 after more than twentyfive years of public service. Over her long career, Ms. Jaramillo has served the citizens of both Napa and Tulare counties on countless investigations and in assisting preparing felony cases for trial. She worked first with the Visalia Police Department, and then with the Bureau of Investigation of the Napa County District Attorney’s Office. Ms. Jaramillo has demonstrated her commitment to her work and her clients by earning and maintaining several accreditations and certificates in law enforcement. As a full peace officer, the District Attorney’s Office could rely on Ms. Jaramillo to respond to a call around the clock, and she has even travelled abroad to help her clients. A true Napa County leader, Ms. Jaramillo has worked with many local organizations supporting peace officers, women, youth, and the Hispanic community. She sits on the board of directors for both Puertas Abiertas and the Napa County Hispanic Network, for which she previously served as President. In addition to her career accomplishments, her leadership has aided the Napa County Peace Officers’ Association, the Napa Emergency Women’s Services, the Woman Peace Officers’ Association of California, the COPE Family Center, the Napa County Youth and Gang Violence Commission, the City of Napa Advisory Council, and the California Peace Officers’ Memorial. Her service to these associations speaks volumes about her character and dedication to improving the lives of her neighbors. We hope that Ms. Jaramillo will be able to spend time with her family in her retirement, including her husband of thirty years, Joe, and her three children, Eric, Aaron, and Jasmine. Mr. Speaker, Alicia Jaramillo has dedicated her long and remarkable career to public service in Napa County. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today, and wish her the best in retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kallan Paulsen. Kallan, a sophomore from BondurantFarrar High School was recently selected as the winner of the Congressional Art Competition from Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District. She is the daughter of Jon and Darla Paulsen of Bondurant, Iowa. An Artistic Discovery, the Congressional Art Competition is open nationwide to high school students. Since 1982, the competition has been an opportunity for Members of Congress to encourage and recognize the artistic talents of their young constituents. A panel of 16 judges, one from each county in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District, reviewed over 70 submissions from schools throughout the district. Mr. Speaker, I commend Kallan for her hard work and the artistic talents which she demonstrates. It is an honor to represent her and her parents in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing her nothing but continued success as she continues her education. 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR AND THE UNITED STATES VIETNAM WAR COMMEMORATION PROGRAM HOSTED BY FIRST MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH IN DUMFRIES ON SUNDAY, FEBRARY 28, 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War and the United States Vietnam War Commemoration Program hosted by First Mount Zion Baptist Church in Dumfries on Sunday, February 28, 2016. In recognition of more than a decade of combat by land, air, and sea, Congress authorized the Secretary of Defense through the 2008 National Defense Authorization Act, to conduct a program to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War and to honor the more than 3 million service members and their families for their heroic service and sacrifice. Through the facilitation of programs and activities at the local, state, and federal levels of government in partnership with community based groups and organizations, more than 4,700 Vietnam War commemorative programs involving 9,514 partners have been scheduled throughout the nation. Each commemorative program is designed to meet or exceed the following objectives: To thank and honor veterans of the Vietnam War, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war (POW), or listed as missing in action (MIA), for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. To highlight the service of the Armed Forces during the Vietnam War and the contributions of federal agencies and governmental and nongovemmental organizations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. To pay tribute to the contributions made on the homefront by the people of the United States during the Vietnam War. To highlight the advances in technology, science, and medicine related to military research conducted during the Vietnam War. To recognize the contributions and sacrifices made by the allies of the United States during the Vietnam War. One of these programs is being hosted by First Mount Zion Baptist Church, located in the 11th District of Virginia. Approximately 130 members of the church left their homes and their loved ones, risking their lives to serve our country during the 13year span of the Vietnam War. I commend the leadership and the 4,300 current members of First Mount Zion Baptist Church for sponsoring a Vietnam War commemoration program to honor and thank these men and women and their families who sacrificed so much. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War and the United States Commemoration Program at First Mount Zion Baptist Church. Today we reaffirm our commitment to always honor and celebrate the members of our Armed Services, especially those men and women who served with distinction and valiantly defended this nation in that long and arduous war. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the veterans of the Vietnam War. As we commemorate its 50th anniversary, we must never forget the brave men and women who served our country from 1962 to 1975. I am proud to represent a large veteran community. Almost a third of the 1.58 million veterans who live in my home state of Florida served in the Vietnam War. Palm Beach and Broward Counties are home to 157,000 veterans, more than 50,000 of whom served in Vietnam. As a mother of a veteran who served during wartime, I understand the sacrifices made by these service men and women and their families. These veterans deserve our respect and gratitude. I am proud to be here today to thank these Vietnam War Veterans for their service. We will never forget your courage. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sergio Klor DeAlva. Members take the floor more regularly than we would like, to speak to the value of our friends, mentors and constituents who have left us in this life. But it is always more difficult when we speak of members of our family. Sergio was a member of the Farr family who was taken from us in a tragic car accident late Monday night. Sergio served as an intern in my office. He was such a unique spirit. Engaging, kind and ever helpful. One of our staff fondly remembers watching Sergio engage with my constituents on tours and in the office and enjoying the smile and sense of humor he brought to every situation. Upon leaving us, he returned to UC Santa Cruz where he ran for and won a place on the student council. He later would volunteer his time as a part of the campaign team of our colleague, MIKE HONDA . At 24, he had amassed a resume that spoke to the dedication and passion he had for civil service in whatever community he found himself. I was and continue to be impressed with this young man’s ambition. His future would have undoubtedly been one of public service. We need more men and women like Sergio. Upon leaving my office, interns are asked to participate in an exit interview. In this interview, the very last question asks if there is anything we should be left with. Sergio answered this question in the form of a self composed poem. Mr. Speaker, I close with a quote from my young intern. ‘‘I cannot tell the future but I can see mine here But until that day Know that I will miss this place.’’ Rest assured, Sergio, this place will miss you too. f 
CONGRATULATING REVEREND STAN SLOAN ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM CHICAGO HOUSE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Reverend Stan Sloan, the longestserving CEO in the history of Chicago House and honor his service to the Chicago LGBTQ community. Rev. Sloan joined Chicago House in 2000 and in his 16 years of dedication and hard work, has quadrupled the amount of services offered at the agency. Reverend Sloan led the effort to establish the Midwest’s first HIV/AIDS Employment Initiative and developed a city wide Center for Disease Control Prevention Program. In addition, Rev. Sloan and Chicago House have opened the nation’s first and most comprehensive center for Transgender services—including housing, employment, medical, and legal components at the Translife Center on Chicago’s northside. Last year, Rev. Sloan came to DC and led a Congressional Briefing entitled ‘‘The Economics of Equality’’, in which he shared his years of experience to highlight the prevalence of poverty in the LGBTQ community. Always a man of action, most recently Rev. Sloan conceived of and launched the groundbreaking effort Proud2Share, designed to promote community and hilanthropic giving within the LGBTQ community to fight poverty and homelessness. His efforts in HIV/AIDS and poverty have been recognized by being selected the award recipient for the Illinois Department of Public Health Red Ribbon Award as well as the AIDS Legal Council of Chicago Advocate of the Year Award. In 2010, Rev. Sloan was inducted into the Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame. The importance of charity and philanthropy can never be understated. Empathy, drive, and compassion are what make a great leader, and the community owes a debt of gratitude to Rev. Stan Sloan. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Reverend Stan Sloan for his tireless dedication to the LGBTQ community throughout his long and storied career. I urge my colleagues in congratulating Reverend Stan Sloan for all the work he has done both in the great city of Chicago and throughout our great nation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Clayton 
Saeugling of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the highest Iowa Future Farmers of America (FFA) Award, the Iowa Farmer Degree Award. Clayton serves as President of the Atlantic Future Farmers of America Chapter. Clayton said it is an honor to receive this award and ‘‘it can be something that younger members look up to for receiving it.’’ Clayton has been active in the local FFA Chapter, focusing his activities on agronomy and livestock judging. He hopes to work and be a part of agriculture after he completes his studies at Iowa State University. His field of study will include animal science and agronomy. Clayton said his experiences in agriculture and activities in the FFA Chapter have broadened and enhanced his interest for a career. He enjoys meeting other FFA students from other competitions and exploring their experiences in agriculture. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Clayton for earning this award. It is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring his accomplishments and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future endeavors in agriculture. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE JUMPSTART HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES UTILIZING SMALL ENTERPRISES ACT OF 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, recent studies show that 21.3 million households pay more than 30 percent of their incomes towards rental housing, up from 14.8 million in 2001. In turn, the demand for lowcost rental housing has increased as the supply of affordable rental units has decreased. Nationwide, there is a shortage of affordable housing options available to low and middleincome Americans. That is why I am introducing the Jumpstart Housing Opportunities Utilizing Small Enterprises Act of 2016 or Jumpstart HOUSE Act. In 2010, President Obama signed the Small Business Jobs Act, P.L. 111–240, which created the State Small Business Credit Initiative (SSBCI). Funded with $1.5 billion, the SSBCI disperses funds to participating states who in turn use credit support programs and state sponsored venture capital programs to award funding to small businesses. Without reauthorization, the SSBCI is set to expire at the end of FY17. The Jumpstart HOUSE Act would reauthorize the SSBCI program for an additional 8 years with $1.5 billion in new funding. Additionally, it will improve the program by requiring state business development agencies to set aside the lesser of $2.5 million or 10 percent of unobligated funds, for small businesses to purchase, rehabilitate, or operate affordable housing units. Since its inception, the SSBCI program has created or retained over 140,000 jobs, as well as, supported over 12,400 private sector loans to small businesses, 42 percent of which were made to low and moderateincome communities. As we continually look for ways to advance economic growth, it is critically important to renew the SSBCI program to increase availability of credit for small businesses, generate jobs, and stimulate economic development. It also is critically important to improve the program by amending it to direct funds to jobcreating small businesses that focus on increasing the stock of affordable housing units. The Jumpstart HOUSE Act would accomplish both of these goals. The SSBCI program has demonstrated proven success in leveraging federal dollars to generate private access to capital for small businesses. Let’s build off of SSBCI’s success and extend it to increasing the supply of affordable housing nationwide. I urge my colleagues to become a cosponsor of the Jumpstart Housing Opportunities Utilizing Small Enterprises Act of 2016. f 
RECOGNIZING SALLY LAY FOR HER COMMITMENT TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE ARTS IN GREATER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mrs. Sally Lay who was recognized during the 6th Annual Hylton Performing Arts Center Awards Gala for dedicating her career to expanding the reach of the arts in Greater Prince William County. Prior to her retirement in August 2015, Mrs. Lay served as the executive director of the Center for the Arts for 28 years. During her tenure, she spearheaded a fiveyear campaign to garner the support of the community and the public sector for the restoration of the old Hopkins Candy Factory in the City of Manassas. Her efforts paid off, and since 2002, the Center for the Arts has called the Candy Factory home. Signature programs include The Pied Piper Children’s Theatre, Pied Piper Theatre Camps, Rooftop Productions, the Merchant Family Art Gallery, the Summer Sounds Concerts, and extensive arts education classes, many of which are hosted at the Hylton Performing Arts Center today. In the midst of her demanding schedule, Mrs. Lay found time to serve on the board of directors for the Prince William County/Manassas Convention & Visitors Bureau and Leadership Prince William. Today, she remains actively engaged with the Rotary Club of Manassas and serves on the board of directors for the Prince William County Arts Council and Virginians for the Arts. Mrs. Lay’s deep roots in the community have served the residents of Greater Prince William County well. Over the course of her career, Mrs. Lay has received welldeserved recognition for her endless contributions, including receiving the Prince William County Arts Council/Prince William Chamber of Commerce Seefeldt Pioneer Award in 2005 and the Woman of the Year for the Greater Prince William Christmas Day Parade in 2011. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the 6th Annual Hylton Performing Arts Awards Gala honoree, Mrs. Sally Lay, for being a tireless champion of the Arts in Greater Prince William County. CELEBRATING SHIRLEY DRINKARD ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mrs. Shirley Drinkard. She will be celebrating her 100th Birthday on May 12, 2016. Shirley Drinkard was born in Argonia, Kansas in 1916. Shirley was one of five siblings and during her childhood, the family would go fishing every Saturday night. When Shirley was 23 years old, she moved to Fulton, MO. Shirley graduated with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Education from Wichita University. Later, Shirley finished out her education with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Home Economics and a Master’s Degree in Economics, both received from the University of Missouri—Columbia. Shirley married Paul Drinkard, who was a WWII Veteran, when she was 30 years old, and they remained married for 35 years. Shirley and Paul had one son, Eddie Drinkard, one grandson, James Drinkard, and one greatgranddaughter, Billie Drinkard. Shirley worked for the University of Missouri Extension in Columbia, Missouri. She was the home economics teacher and department coordinator for 37 years. The University of Missouri also had Shirley teach business finance to local organizations. Shirley always appreciated the opportunity to travel to numerous countries including: Italy, Canada, Spain, and Denmark. Shirley enjoys many hobbies which include: fishing, dancing, reading, playing cards and the piano. Over the years Shirley has continued to stay in contact with the University of Missouri Extension. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mrs. Drinkard on her 100th Birthday Celebration. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 164 regarding ‘‘H.R. 4820: Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ I missed Roll Call vote number 165 regarding ‘‘H.R. 4096: Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Wendy Spencer, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS). As the CoChair of the National Service Congressional Caucus, 
it is my pleasure to recognize Ms. Spencer for her leadership and dedicated commitment to service programs. Wendy Spencer was nominated by President Obama and was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate in April 2012. Under her leadership, CNCS has launched new public private partnerships, including FEMA Corps, School Turnaround AmeriCorps, STEM AmeriCorps, Justice AmeriCorps, and Financial Opportunity Corps. Wendy has also increased the agency’s focus on reaching veterans and military families, overseen the national service response for many severe disasters, and strengthened relationships with public officials and local leaders. Wendy Spencer’s efforts to engage local leaders includes creating the annual Mayor and County Recognition Day for National Service, where city mayors, county officials and tribal leaders express their appreciation for Senior Corps, AmeriCorps, and volunteerism in general. When first launched in 2013, the Mayor and County Recognition Day for National Service included 830 city mayors and local officials recognizing and celebrating service across the country. On April 5, 2016, 3,539 mayors, county officials and tribal leaders participated in the Mayor and County Recognition Day for National Service—making it the largest one day gathering among public officials in history. Through her innovative leadership and collaboration, Wendy Spencer has led national service programs in transforming lives and improving communities while implementing local solutions. Wendy Spencer is a pioneer of national service. Mr. Speaker, as community members, and various national and state community service leaders gather at OneOC in Orange County, California, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Wendy Spencer for her significant contributions and commitment to the Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS). 
HONORING MAYOR ROBERT BEUTTER FOR A DISTINGUISHED CAREER IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Mayor of Mishawaka Robert Beutter, and honor his many years of public service to the City of Mishawaka and our nation. Mayor Beutter was born in Mishawaka, Indiana on April 6, 1935. He attended Indiana University and earned degrees in business administration and law. After graduating from law school, he joined the U.S. Army and served as a Captain in the Judge Advocate General Corps. In 1972, Beutter became a member of the City of Mishawaka’s Legal Staff, serving for 8 years. In 1984, he was first elected Mayor, and would serve five terms totaling 20 years. Upon completion of his time as Mayor, Beutter became the Assistant City Attorney where he served another 8 years until 2012. Bob Beutter is a fixture in our community. He has been active on boards and in leadership roles for the Mishawaka Food Pantry; Boy Scouts of America; Salvation Army Kroc Center; Mishawaka Kiwanis Club; and Salvation Army Advisory Board. He has received such honors as the Community Service and Leadership Award by the Boy Scouts of America; two Sagamore of the Wabash awards by two different governors; the American Legion Post 161’s Veteran of the Year; and was named an Honorary Graduate from Bethel College. Given all of Beutter’s service to the community, it was only fitting that the City of Mishawaka’s riverfront park was named after him, as it is the focal point of our community. Beutter and his wife Mary have been married for 55 years. Together, they have helped build and grow Mishawaka. I want to thank them both for their service and sacrifice to help make our community a better place. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Ralph Keechler, who has served the City of Sonoma, California and the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority (SVFRA) for 60 years. In addition to his own volunteerism, Mr. Keechler has passed on his passion for service to his son, Joseph. Together, Ralph and Joseph Keechler have volunteered with the SVFRA for a remarkable 100 years combined. Mr. Keechler is a Sonoma native, and served in World War II with the 75th Infantry Division. During his military service, Mr. Keechler participated in the Battle of the Bulge and earned the rank of Corporal. He has also been an active member of the Native Sons of the Golden West for 71 years, promoting and preserving California’s history and landmarks for future generations. His work with the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority ensures fire, rescue, and emergency medical services to Sonoma and surrounding communities. Mr. Keechler currently serves as Division Chief of SVFRA, guaranteeing his experience informs the organization’s operations. Mr. Keechler has been a true leader in the Sonoma community. He and his late wife of 50 years, Barbara Keechler, have passed along their passion for service to their three children, Christine, Joseph, and Karen. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Keechler has dedicated his time and knowledge to serving his community for six decades, and Ralph and Joseph Keechler’s unique contribution of a combined century of volunteerism is an inspiring example to our country. Therefore, it is fitting and proper to honor him here today. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa company, DuPont Pioneer of Johnston, Iowa as they celebrate their 90th anniversary. Founded in 1926 by former United States Vice President Henry A. Wallace, the HiBred Corn Company, as it was originally known, set out to share the promise of hybrid seeds for all farmers. Early on, Wallace recognized hybrid seeds could offer tremendous value through higher yields and increased profitability for farmers. His instincts were right and his knowledge and understanding of corn genetics completely changed the manner in which crops were grown in the United States. Today, DuPont Pioneer employs 13,000 people globally and partners with generations of loyal customers. This iconic company has grown from a small research facility in Johnston, Iowa, to a multibillion dollar company serving customers in over 90 countries worldwide. With 2 million seed production acres and 100 research and development facilities around the world, DuPont has left a lasting impact on the State of Iowa and the agricultural industry. Mr. Speaker, over the last 90 years DuPont Pioneer has left an indelible mark on the agriculture industry. Their innovation and forward thinking increases yields and food production around the world to feed a growing population. I commend DuPont Pioneer and their employees for a job well done. I also ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring this company for their unwavering commitment to agriculture and the state of Iowa. I wish DuPont Pioneer and their employees nothing but continued success in their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING NOVEC FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO THE RESIDENTS OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative (NOVEC), which was recognized during the 6th Annual Hylton Center for Performing Arts Awards Gala for its commitment to supporting communities in Northern Virginia. Founded on January 1, 1983, the notfor profit distribution cooperative provides electrical services to more than 160,000 homes and businesses located in Clarke, Fairfax, Fauquier, Loudoun, Stafford, and Prince William counties, the cities of Manassas and Manassas Park, and the Town of Clifton. As one of the largest electric cooperatives of its kind in the United States, NOVEC’s service territory spans 651 square miles. Over the past 33 years, NOVEC has achieved and maintained excellence in the areas of safety, customer satisfaction, and technology management, showcasing an extensive record of efficiency and productivity. Their service is consistently ranked the best in the region, averaging a 99.99 percent average system reliability over the past 5 years. As a cooperative, NOVEC’s customers have an ownership interest, and therefore, share in any profits generated by the company. These profits are allocated annually to improve the health and wellbeing of customerowners and community residents. NOVEC is invested in the community with emphasis placed in the areas of corporate sponsorship, community volunteerism, and 
customer outreach. Displaying its commitment to active community engagement, NOVEC reaches beyond the power lines and invests in the community. Customers and members of the general public are invited to take advantage of the services and resources offered by NOVEC, including financial scholarships, legislative tours to expose youth to the federal and state legislative processes, and handson engagement through volunteerism. NOVEC works to inspire and empower the people it serves to take an active role in their community. A timetested initiative is Operation RoundUp. Program participants voluntarily have their bill rounded up to the next dollar to assist local families who have fallen on hard times to pay for their winter heating bills through donations to heatingassistance programs at six local social service agencies. Since the establishment of Operation Round Up in 1997, the program has generated close to $750,000 in heating assistance. Another initiative unique to NOVEC is its relationship with the Hylton Performing Arts Center. NOVEC continues to serve as an instrumental partner through its constant support of the Hylton Center’s artists and initiatives. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing NOVEC as the 6th Annual Hylton Performing Arts Awards Gala honoree for its involvement and investment in the residents of Northern Virginia. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Joseph Keechler, who has volunteered with the City of Sonoma, California and the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority (SVFRA) for 40 years. Mr. Keechler inherited his passion for service to his father, Ralph. Together, Joseph and Ralph Keechler have volunteered with the SVFRA for a remarkable 100 years combined. Building on his family’s roots in Sonoma, Mr. Keechler has developed his own strong ties to the area. He earned his Associate’s Degree from Santa Rosa Junior College, and with his wife Susan, raised her children, Sam and Jack, in his hometown. With his long history of service to our community, Mr. Keechler serves as a reliable and trusted leader in Sonoma. He has earned the rank of Captain with the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority, serving as a leader of the organization that ensures fire, rescue, and emergency medical services to Sonoma and surrounding communities. Furthermore, Mr. Keechler serves on the Board of the Sonoma Volunteer Firefighters’ Association, sharing his firsthand experience for the benefit of other volunteers. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Keechler has dedicated his time and knowledge to serving his community for four decades, and Joseph and Ralph Keechler’s unique contribution of a combined century of volunteerism is an inspiring example to our country. Therefore, it is fitting and proper to honor him here today. HONORING WORCESTER COMMUNITY LEADER MARGARET ‘‘PEGGY’’ MIDDAUGH HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the accomplishments of a remarkable community leader and environmental advocate from my district, Margaret ‘‘Peggy’’ Middaugh. Peggy Middaugh’s service in Worcester began when she joined the Regional Environmental Council as Executive Director in 1997. Serving in that role for 11 years, Peggy helped to transform REC from a small, volunteerled organization into one of the region’s leading environmental groups. One of Peggy’s signature accomplishments with the REC was creating the Youth Environmental Service Corps. that connected urban youth with nature by providing opportunities for them to hike and maintain Worcester’s trails. This program eventually merged with urban gardens to create YouthGROW, an urban agriculturefocused youth development and employment program for lowincome teens. YouthGROW currently employs lowincome high school teens yearround, giving them the opportunity to gain leadership and jobs skills as they maintain two urban organic farms. Hundreds of youth have graduated from YouthGROW since its inception in 2002. Under her leadership, the REC built on its foundation of good work and expanded its focus into areas of environmental justice, urban agriculture, toxic use reduction, community gardens and youth development and leadership. Peggy also built partnerships with state and local officials to implement a Toxic Use Reduction program that focused on educating residents in low income neighborhoods about how to reduce their exposure to household toxics, especially household cleaners and lead. The REC also developed Worcester’s first Climate Action Plan under Peggy’s leadership. Peggy has served in a wide range of roles over the years, and the truth is, no matter where she is, Peggy is making a difference. She helped form the Friends of the Five Mile River, established recycling centers in Stow and North Brookfield, and as the outreach coordinator for the Massachusetts Watershed Coalition and a Conservation Commissioner for the Town of North Brookfield; she worked hard to help pass the Massachusetts Rivers Protection Act of 1996. Peggy has also worked diligently to bring together leaders from different parts of the community to address issues of hunger and food justice. She played a leading role in establishing ‘‘UGROW’’—a grassroots, citywide community garden network. Today, Worcester has sixty two community gardens, eighteen of which are at city schools, as well as half a dozen urban orchards. In response to the infestation of the invasive Asian Longhorn Beetle in Central Massachusetts, which led to the destruction of large portions of our urban forest, Peggy founded the Worcester Tree Initiative and acted as its Executive Director until her recent retirement. Under her leadership, the Worcester Tree Initiative brought together government, community and business leaders to develop and implement a plan that resulted in the planting of more than 30,000 trees in Worcester and the surrounding communities. In addition to her work with the Regional Environmental Council and the Worcester Tree Initiative, Peggy has also been active in many community organizations and efforts through her roles as a founding member of the Blackstone Headwaters Coalition; on the Board of Directors of the Family Health Center of Worcester and the Main South Community Development Corporation; as a leader with the Castle Park Task Force; and as a volunteer for the homeless with the Interfaith Hospitality Network. Peggy has made everything that she has touched better. She is a shining example of what a truly dedicated public servant can achieve. And although Peggy is moving on to new challenges, just like the urban orchards she helped to establish, her contributions to my district will continue to grow and bear fruit for years to come. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kenneth Mika, Matthew Molloy, and Courtney Paul for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the spring of the 114th Congress, Second Session. The work of these young men and women has been exemplary and I know they all have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity to these three and look forward to seeing them build their careers in public service. All three of our interns have made plans to continue their education and professional occupations in Washington, D.C. and throughout the United States. I am certain they will succeed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Kenneth Mika, Matthew Molloy, and Courtney Paul for their service this spring. 
CONGRATULATING ZACK AND BRIE SMITHEY OF MISS AIMEE B’S TEA ROOM & GALLERY FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD— SERVICE CATEGORY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor constituents of mine, Zack and 
Brie Smithey. They are owners of Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room & Gallery and are receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Service Category from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. There is historical significance as Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room and Gallery is in the National Register of Historic Places. Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room and Gallery (the Marten/Becker House) remained in the family until 1982 when Miss Aimee Marie Louise Becker bequeathed it to the St. Charles County Historical Society. In 1991, Sherry Pfander and Judy purchased the MartenBecker House from the St. Charles County Historical Society to start a business selling local arts and crafts. In January 2014, locals Zack and Brie Smithey proudly purchased the wonderful Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room & Gallery. Miss Aimee B’s takes pride in displaying local artists and crafters work in its upstairs shops. Since the year 2014, Miss Aimee B’s has increased sales by 20 percent. Zack and Brie also work to repurpose, rebuild, and preserve the historical energy of the house. This practice honors the City of St. Charles efforts to preserve its historical Main Street. Miss Aimee B’s employees are dedicated, knowledgeable, and well respected. These employees are what make Miss Aimee B’s an enjoyable place to visit. Employees of Miss Aimee B’s are encouraged to spend time with their families and friends, deepen their faith, lead healthy lifestyles, be kind to others, and to always show warm hospitality. Miss Aimee B’s is a proud contributor to the St. Charles Community. The house donates food, gift cards, and time to local galas, churches, animal shelters and families in need. In addition, Zack Smithey has raised thousands of dollars for local charities with his personal art pieces. Miss Aimee B’s has also donated hundreds to local charities and holds charitable events for nonprofit organizations and individuals in need. I ask you to join me in recognizing Miss Aimee B’s for its accomplishment in the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Service Category. 
RECOGNIZING CURRENT AND FORMER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY POLICE OFFICERS WHO ASSISTED AND SUPPORTED THE LOSS TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Prince William County Police Department for its invaluable participation in the Local Outreach to Suicide Survivors (or LOSS) team. On January 27, 2012, Action in Community Through Service (or ACTS) of Prince William, Inc. signed a Memorandum of Agreement with the Prince William County Police Department to collaborate on the creation of a LOSS team. The team is comprised of trained volunteers and staff who are accessible 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the ACTS Helpline. Since entering into the formal agreement with ACTS, members of the Prince William County Police Department have diligently supported this program by immediately contacting the LOSS team upon notification of deaths by suicide to the Criminal Investigations Division—Violent Crimes Bureau. The LOSS team then disseminates information about available community resources and provides ongoing support to people grieving the loss of a friend or loved one to suicide. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States for all ages; homicide ranks 17th. For every suicide, at least, six other lives are impacted. By ensuring survivors receive the support that is desperately needed, the LOSS team in partnership with the Prince William County Police Department helps individuals weather their grief and take steps to rebuilding their lives. Just knowing that they are not alone helps give the surviving families the strength to go on. Without the dedication and leadership of the Prince William County Police Department, the LOSS team would not be able to sustain its successful first response program that continues to positively impact the lives of Prince William County residents each day. It is my honor to submit the following names of current and former Prince William County Police Officers who have assisted and supported the LOSS program: Dan Carton, Brian Cavanaugh, Brian Coady, Darien Cupka, Dan Downey, Mike Fernald, Ben Grantham, Ray Hyatt, Rob Kasper, Joe Medawar, Juan Pena (deceased), Gina Pinedo, Astrid Robinson, Caillen Smith, Mike Sullivan, and Gary Van Dyke. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these Prince William County police officers for their tireless commitment to our community, the newly bereaved, ACTS, and the Prince William LOSS team. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Kiwanis Club of Columbus for celebrating its 100th year of serving the community. Kiwanis International is a global volunteer organization with more than 8,000 clubs worldwide in over 80 countries. With a focus on serving children, members collectively organize nearly 150,000 service projects and raise nearly $100 million every year in their communities. As the fifth oldest club in the organization, The Kiwanis Club of Columbus was founded in 1916 and has been steadfast in its service for a century. The Club has been involved in a variety of projects in downtown Columbus, ranging from helping the homeless to providing scholarships to area students. While many of the members of The Kiwanis Club of Columbus are busy professionals, they commit to making time in their schedules to participate in these and other service projects, and to give back to our great community. I would like to thank members of The Kiwanis Club of Columbus, past and present, for all they have done, especially for our kids. I also would like to congratulate them for reaching their Centennial Year. CONGRATULATING KIM BARK OF COMPLETE TRUCK & RV REPAIR FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD— JOHN HECK AWARD HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Kim Bark. She is the owner of Complete Truck & RV Repair and is receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—John Heck Award from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. When Complete Truck & RV Repair opened as a familyrun business in 2013, it had ten employees. Now, the shop is staffed by 22 employees and has been able to add Restoration, Fabrication, Auto & RV Detailing, and Towing Services. The Barks family also added another location for RV storage to continue serving their customers. To say that Complete Truck & RV Repair contributes to the St. Charles community would almost be an understatement. Kim and her father are passionate about animals and built a dog park for guests who come to service their vehicles. Kim is also a supporter of the organization Dogs on Duty, Five Acres Animal Shelter, and the Humane Society. Another part of Complete Truck & RV Repair’s community outreach is its contribution to the St. Charles’ Backstoppers. Kim’s father has helped the Backstoppers raise money for over 15 years. Complete Truck & RV Repair is hosting the 1st Annual Backstoppers Summer Dance June 24th at the Machinists’ Hall to continue this fundraising effort. The Barks and their repair business work year round to raise awareness for the Backstoppers. The business owns a fire truck, named Red. Red travels around town to various fire houses to promote awareness of the Backstoppers fund. Red also can be seen in various city parades. Complete Truck & RV Repair hires veterans and is part of the Hire Heroes Program. The business honors veterans by giving them a discount. It currently has five veterans employed on the Complete Truck & RV Repair staff. Complete Truck & RV Repair also gives Police Officers, EMS, and Firefighters a discount on services. I ask you to join me in recognizing Complete Truck & RV Repair for its accomplishment as the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—John Heck Award. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for National Infertility Awareness Week, which has been federally recognized since 2010. Infertility is a disease of the reproductive system that affects men and women equally, 
and millions of people—as many as 12 percent of reproductiveaged couples in America—suffer from this devastating disease, unable to start a family. The good news is that treatment for infertility has advanced sharply in the last two decades, and includes in vitro fertilization, now considered the standard of care for many couples being treated for infertility. Despite such 21st century advances, only 15 states currently provide coverage for even basic treatment for infertility. It is my hope that National Infertility Awareness Week will encourage honest and candid dialogue among lawmakers and health professionals, in an effort to seek cures that will allow every American the opportunity to have a family. Mr. Speaker, in concluding, I want to congratulate RESOLVE, the nation’s oldest fertility advocacy organization, for the brilliant work they are doing to raise awareness about infertility. 
HONORING THE 2016 VIENNA BUSINESS ASSOCIATION BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Vienna Business Association (VBA) and to congratulate the incoming 2016 board members. Vienna is known for its local charm and strong small business community. Money Magazine and CNN have both rated Vienna as one of the best places to live in the United States. The vibrant community spirit exhibited by its residents and local businesses has fostered an exceptional quality of life that is sought out by so many. The Vienna Business Association is the voice of the greater Vienna business community. It promotes business opportunities and development through networking and increased interaction between the commercial and residential communities within the town. Its members help maintain Vienna’s small town feel by hosting and supporting many annual community events. The VBA has thrived thanks to the diversity of its members and the leadership of its Board. I am pleased to submit the following names of the incoming 2016 board members: 2016 Chairman of the Board: George Creed. Incoming Board Members: Mary Kay Claus, Kathy Georgen, Jeff Bollettino, Agnes Wasowski, James Cudney, Tracy Murphy, Michael Amouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the incoming board members and in commending the Vienna Business Association for their commitment to promoting the business community while encouraging social responsibility. I wish them continued success in all their future endeavors. IN HONOR OF DALE EARNHARDT’S 65TH BIRTHDAY HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, it’s no secret that I’m a huge supporter of NASCAR. In fact, I’m fortunate to represent Charlotte Motor Speedway, ‘‘The Rock’’ in Rockingham, many NASCAR teams, and the best fans in the world. That’s why I’m here today to pay tribute to NASCAR champion, Kannapolis, North Carolina native and my alltime favorite driver, Dale Earnhardt. ‘‘The Intimidator’’ would have been 65 years old today, and I want to ask my fellow North Carolinians and racing enthusiasts to join me in celebrating his life and career. A legend on and off the track, Dale lived the American Dream. He came from humble beginnings in Kannapolis, North Carolina and worked hard to become one of NASCAR’s greatest heroes. He earned seven NASCAR Winston Cup championships, tying ‘‘The King,’’ Richard Petty. And through his success, he remained a man of the people who always gave back to the community he loved. From his debut at Charlotte Motor Speedway in 1975, to his last NASCAR championship that he secured with a win at ‘‘The Rock’’ in 1994, to his final laps at the Daytona 500— battling to keep two cars he owned in the lead—Dale faced every obstacle and opportunity with unmatched courage, passion, determination and a tremendous sense of humor. There’s no question that Dale Earnhardt left a lasting impression on motorsports, on our community, and on NASCAR fans like me. Happy birthday, Number 3. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, the weeks of April 18th and April 25th, I was unavoidably detained and missed several votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 155, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 156, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 157, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 158, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 159, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 160, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 161, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 162, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 163, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 164, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 165, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 166, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 167, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 168, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 169, ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call No. 170, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 171, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 172, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 173, and ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 174. CONGRATULATING DAVID AND DEBBY SPETNAGEL OF FLEET FEET SPORTS FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD—RETAIL CATEGORY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor constituents of mine, David and Debby Spetnagel. They are owners of Fleet Feet Sports and are receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Retail Category from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. Fleet Feet Sports opened its doors on April 12, 1993 and since then has been successfully serving the community. Since the first store opening in 1993, five additional stores have been opened. In 2001, Fleet Feet Sports opened its Chesterfield location. In 2008, Fleet Feet Sports welcomed a new store in South St. Louis County. On Fleet Feet Sports’ 20th anniversary, David and Debby Spetnagel opened another store in Des Peres. The most recent store openings were in Town & Country in 2014 and O’Fallon in 2015. Over the last several years, Fleet Feet Sports has maintained consistent sales while adding 24 new employees in 2015. Employees of Fleet Feet Sports are recognized throughout their time with the company by the owners, David and Debby Spetnagel. With this type of employee recognition, it cultivates the spirit of strong customer service which positively affects their business and creates continued successes. Fleet Feet Sports has faced many challenges over the years. Overcoming a very competitive retail and run specialty market and adapting to an everpressing ecommerce environment were two of the hardest struggles faced by owners, David and Debby Spetnagel. To overcome these challenges, Fleet Feet Sports has had to consistently seek better ways to recognize and serve their customers as well as keeping their website and digital offerings uptodate. Fleet Feet Sports’ dedication to the community is made evident by the various events it sponsors. The company hosts free social runs in the St. Charles area as well as Frontier Park. Throughout various donations of shoes and apparel, Fleet Feet Sports impacts numerous lives in the local community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Fleet Feet Sports for its accomplishment as the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Retail Category. 
CELEBRATING CARLOS ELIAS, SUPERINTENDENT OF THE U.S. CAPITOL BUILDING AND THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate and thank Carlos for his 17 years 
of outstanding service to the U.S. Capitol Building and the CVC. As Superintendent, he oversees the care and maintenance of 1.5 million gross square feet of space and manages a talented staff of 250 employees. It is a tremendous responsibility and his meticulous attention to detail and love of this institution is obvious to all who encounter him. I was grateful for his leadership in 2004 when he led a small group of Members, including me, as we took on the project of redecorating/redesigning the Democratic Cloakroom. His multitasking skills and good humor were much appreciated and made the project seamless and enjoyable from start to finish. Carlos has been a great supporter of my efforts to learn Spanish. I take a class each week and Carlos always greets me in Spanish. Many Thanks (Muchas gracias). I’d also like to thank his wife, Ana, and their two sons for sharing Carlos with us. His job was not a 9 to 5 one so I’m certain there were many times when his family sacrificed so he could execute and oversee projects—large and small—including four Presidential Inaugurations. I wish Carlos all the best as he begins a new chapter as Vice President of Facilities at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and extend my thanks and gratitude for a job extraordinarily well done. Congratulations (Felicidades), Carlos. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the honorable life of one of Toledo’s daughters, Bonnie J. Sloan, an intellectual and a valued member of our community. Bonnie was born in Toledo, Ohio on January 15, 1932 to Florence and Donald MacVay. She was a graduate of Waite High School and received a master’s and doctoral degree from the University of Toledo, where she went on to teach. Mrs. Sloan lived her life for her community and was a dedicated public servant, serving as a teacher and administrator in the Toledo Public Schools. Mrs. Sloan taught for a decade at Raymer School before becoming an assistant principal of McKinley School and later a principal of Burroughs School and Edgewater School. During her tenure in the Toledo Public Schools, Mrs. Sloan was an elementary and curriculum supervisor. Under her leadership the school system developed a program to bring students from Northern Ohio colleges and universities into Toledo schools for teaching experience. Mrs. Sloan’s top concern was always for the children she served, and she often commented to friends that she would greatly prefer to be in the classroom than an administrative office. Her passion for education and instilling a thirst for knowledge did not end after her retirement from the Toledo Public Schools. Mrs. Sloan went on to work in higher education as a faculty member at Defiance College. After another decade Mrs. Sloan retired from teaching, but continued her work with Defiance College on the board of trustees. Mrs. Sloan was also a distinguished author of several children’s books, which she penned throughout her career. As in her professional life, Mrs. Sloan’s personal life was also spent in service. She was a former president of Zonta Club II and the Flower Hospital Auxiliary, both cherished organizations that strengthen our community. Bonnie was married to Gordon Sloan, a respected pharmacist, on June 16, 1956. They celebrated fifty years together before his passing on December 21, 2006. The couple liked to joke about their relationship, Bonnie being a ‘‘city girl,’’ and Doc being a ‘‘country boy.’’ Their nieces and nephews were also benefiters of Bonnie’s generosity and loving guidance. Bonnie cherished time spent with her nieces and nephews, including the hours in which she enlisted them to help set up her classrooms. Later in life, she would take joy in time spent with her greatnieces and greatnephews. Bonnie will be remembered lovingly by her brother, Harry MacVay, sisterinlaw Connie, nieces and nephews, and her many friends. We offer them our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of such an outstanding public servant, who will be remembered with affection and gratitude for her probing intellect, kind heart, and dedication to advancing Toledo as a community, its children and its future. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Virginia 11th Congressional District resident, Lewis Ross Brown, IV. At the age of seven, Lewis became the youngest member of the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry (SETAC) on record. Affectionately referred to as Lil’ Lewis by friends and family, Lewis Ross Brown, IV is a secondgrade student at Bel Air Elementary School in Prince William County. His favorite subjects are biology, chemistry, and mathematics. Inspired by his parents, scientists Dr. Lewis Ross Brown, III and Dr. Shamira Brown, Lewis aspires to become an Environmental Toxicologist with the federal government. In his spare time, Lewis enjoys reading books and viewing documentaries about African American and Latin American history to better advocate for racial and social justice. Lewis plans to maintain his perfect school attendance record throughout his public school education. After graduation from high school, he intends to pursue a Bachelor of Science degree at either Hampton University or Norfolk State University in Virginia and major in Environmental Toxicology with a double concentration in Chemistry and Toxicology. Given his recent acceptance into SETAC, Lewis is well on his way to achieving his goals. With more than 6,000 active members, SETAC is one of the oldest global partnership nonprofit organizations in the world. The organization provides a forum for scientists, managers, and other professionals to take a multidisciplinary approach to solving environmental problems. For the past 37 years, SETAC has effectively balanced the management and regulation of natural resources, research and development, and environmental education among academics, businesses, and all levels of government. As a recent inductee, Lewis is currently assembling a digital computer project that will depict the aquatic toxicity effects of mercury contamination exposure in freshwater and marsh environments and on aquatic organisms exposed. Lewis hopes to present his project at the National SETAC meeting later this year. Lewis’ recent induction into SETAC is nothing short of astonishing. As a student in Prince William County Public Schools system, his achievement highlights the worldclass education offered to residents of the 11th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Lewis Ross Brown, IV on his induction as the youngest member of the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry. I applaud his scientific curiosity and have full confidence in his future success as he continues to shatter barriers in the field of environmental toxicology and chemistry. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to express my support for National Infertility Awareness Week, which has been federally recognized since 2010, and in support of the millions of people in this country, both men and women, who currently suffer from the inability to start a family because of infertility. Infertility is a disease of the reproductive system that affects men and women equally, and as many as 12 percent of reproductive aged couples in America suffer from this devastating disease. It is also among the most frequently misunderstood diseases. We observe National Infertility Awareness Week to increase public awareness and encourage honest and candid dialogue among lawmakers and health professionals, in an effort to address this painful disease and seek cures that will allow every American the opportunity to have a family. In addition to the millions of couples of reproductive age who suffer from infertility, countless more who are diagnosed with cancer also face the probability of becoming infertile due to the effects of the treatment for cancer. Imagine facing not only a cancer diagnosis, but learning that the very treatment will render you unable to have children. An untold number of military veterans, including those returning from combat duty, suffer injuries that render them unable to have a baby without medical treatment. The good news is that treatment for infertility has advanced sharply in the last two decades, and includes in vitro fertilization, or ‘‘IVF,’’ now considered the standard of care for many couples being treated for infertility. Despite such 21st century advances, however, many states still do not provide insurance coverage for IVF; in fact, only 15 states 
currently provide coverage for even basic treatment for infertility. For many patients, IVF not only increases the chance of having a baby, it significantly reduces the incidence of multiple births. A reduction in multiple births decreases health care and other costs both for insurance companies and families, and studies by the American Society of Reproductive Medicine show this treatment results in healthier babies. I want to congratulate RESOLVE, the nation’s oldest fertility advocacy organization, and the important and necessary work they are doing to raise awareness about the devastating effects caused by disease of infertility. I urge all Members to join me in commemorating National Infertility Awareness Week. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize LifeStream Behavioral Center as they celebrate 45 years of service and Mental Health Month during the month of May. LifeStream is dedicated to their mission of supporting recovery, promoting health and creating hope. Mental Health Awareness Month is an important opportunity to highlight the progress that has been made thus far, as well as to inspire continued efforts toward building a better future for the next generation. In 1969, LifeStream began as a component of Waterman Memorial Hospital in Eustis, Florida, and became a nonprofit organization in 1971. Since its founding, LifeStream has expanded to twentyone facilities and fiftytwo programs to serve and empower those who suffer from mental illness, substance abuse, and homelessness in Lake, Sumter, and Orange Counties. For 45 years, LifeStream has helped thousands of individuals in our community achieve recovery and reach their highest potential. Not only does LifeStream provide rehabilitative services and conduct research, they also engage in community outreach programs to provide families and individuals with the resources they need to live healthy lives. This is a momentous year for LifeStream, and I am honored to join my friend, Jonathan Cherry, CEO/President of LifeStream in celebrating this milestone. The community and families of Central Florida are blessed to have a committed behavioral health center such as LifeStream, and I commend them for the measures they are undertaking to support recovery and provide hope to those in need. CONGRATULATING ELLIOTT STIPES OF GREEN CLEAN COMMERCIAL FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD—SUSTAINABILITY CATEGORY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Elliott Stipes. He is the owner of Green Clean Commercial and is receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Sustainability Category from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. Green Clean Commercial is a national company that joined the St. Charles community in 2015. Green Clean is a janitorial services company and currently employs 38 individuals locally. Green Clean strives for positive employee lifestyle through weekly recognition announced at weekly company culture meetings, employee of the month recognition, and annual recognition. There have been some difficulties for Green Clean, but it has overcome these difficulties and maintained consistency with its customers and employees. Throughout the recession, Green Clean was able to be successful by committing to flexibility and partnership with its customers. Green Clean has created a supportive workplace with recognition, training, leadership, and compensation. Green Clean is a member of the U.S. Green Building Council and was awarded ‘‘Best Janitorial Services Company’’ for 2015. To improve energy efficiency, Green Clean uses LED lighting in all offices and additionally uses motion sensors for its lighting, which reduces energy consumption. Additionally, Green Clean uses green seal certified cleaning solutions. Green Clean sets the standard for its customers through implementing recycling programs for the Green Clean employees and for the employees of the businesses for which it is providing janitorial services. Another way Green Clean is sustainable is by providing its employees with drinking thermoses, which will in turn reduce water bottle waste. Green Clean is passionate about its community involvement and encourages its employees to also become involved with volunteering opportunities. Green Clean hosts a donation drive to support a local organization, ‘‘Youth in Need.’’ Additionally, Green Clean supports programs that are initiatives of its customers across the country. I ask you to join me in recognizing Green Clean Commercial for its accomplishment in the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Sustainability Category. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE HBCU CAUCUS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to speak in recognition of the oneyear anniversary of the Bipartisan HBCU caucus and highlight the great impact of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. HBCUs continue to stand as a bastion of learning and advancement for so many students of color. About 20 percent of African American students earning their bachelor’s degrees do so from HBCUs. HBCUs serve a disproportionate number of lowincome, firstgeneration students. More than 75 percent of HBCUs students rely on Pell Grants and almost 13 percent of students rely on PLUS loans. It is clear that, for many students who would otherwise find higher education out of reach, HBCUs provide a strong pathway to success. HBCUs also provide a strong value to students and their families, allowing for a smallcollege experience with lower tuition and fees than comparable institutions. This includes schools like Florida Memorial University, located in Florida’s 24th district. Florida Memorial has the distinction of being the only historically black university in southern Florida and one of the oldest academic institutions in the entire state of Florida. Under the leadership of Dr. Roslyn Clark Artis, Florida Memorial continues to provide students with the quality education, leadership skills, and heart for service they need to become strong global citizens in our changing world. As a proud graduate of an HBCU, I am proud to work with my colleagues to advance policies that benefit HBCUs. I want to thank Congresswoman ALMA ADAMS of North Carolina and Congressman BRADLEY BYRNE of Ala bama for their strong leadership on this bipartisan caucus over the past year. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues for the betterment of HBCUs in Florida and across the country. 
DESIGNATING MAY 2016 AS DIRECT DEPOSIT AND DIRECT PAYMENT VIA ACH MONTH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize May as the Direct Deposit and Direct Payment via Automated Clearing House (ACH) Month. NACHA—The Electronic Payments Association serves as the trustee of the ACH Network, which is supported by 12,000 financial institutions across the nation. Working together they enable payments such as direct deposit and direct payment via ACH. Annually, the ACH Network transfers 24 billion Direct Deposits and Direct Payments, totaling more than $41 trillion. Direct Deposit is the deposit of funds for payroll, employee expense reimbursement, government benefits, tax and other refunds, annuities and interest payments. Direct Payment transactions can include bill payments, persontoperson payments, businesstobusiness payments, and online and mobile purchases. Today, more than 80 percent of U.S. workers receive their regular pay using Direct Deposit via ACH, and consumers pay 800 million bills each month with Direct Payment via ACH. Direct Deposit and Direct Payment are an 
easy, safe, convenient, costeffective and environmentally friendly way to make and receive payments. Use of Direct Deposit and Direct Payment enable consumers and businesses alike to save costs, save time and protect the environment by eliminating the time, hassle and expense of writing and cashing paper checks and making trips to the bank or credit union. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the month of May as Direct Deposit and Direct Payment via ACH Month, and I urge all members of the community to consider Direct Deposit and Direct Payment as a valuable option to make and receive payments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 179, Number 177, Number 176, Number 175, Number 172, and Number 171 I am not recorded because I was absent. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on passage. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, Highland County, Va., is a little slice of heaven. Anyone who lives there or has visited this beautiful area knows exactly what I mean. I am honored to represent the Sixth Congressional District in the House of Representatives, including this unique region of the Commonwealth. Part of what makes Highland County special is that it is remote. It is a living example of how vibrant rural America remains. That has plenty of advantages and in many ways Highland County remains a wellkept secret. But that also comes with a unique set of challenges, including limited access for businesses and limited opportunities for growth. In a region that continues to be known for its heavy reliance on an agribusiness economy, the Highland Center is an important asset in helping preserve jobs and encourage new enterprises. With the mission of serving all citizens of Highland County by being a catalyst for cultural and economic development, the Highland Center in Monterey, Va., has become a gathering place and treasured landmark in the community. Since its inception in 1998, I have visited the facility to see its programs in action and have been kept wellinformed about the variety of ventures that it supports in the Alleghany Highlands. The Highland Center has spent a great deal of time building public and private connections to sustain its many operations, including a business incubator, a farmers market, and the Youth Employment Program. Today, the Highland Center houses 13 tenants representing a mix of small businesses, individual artists, and nonprofit organizations It also serves as a public venue for community events. Most recently, the Center has embarked upon an effort to renovate the old school building that serves as its headquarters. On May 1, the Highland Center will hold a ribbon cutting to officially unveil its newly renovated facility. While the Highland Center was temporarily relocated to the historic Highland Inn during construction, the organization’s work in the community did not cease. The improvements made to the Highland Center over the past 13 months will aid in the Center’s innovative and collaborative work as well as efforts to further integrate this vital community center into the local economy. The reopening of the Highland Center is a longawaited occasion. I thank the Highland Center Board members, Executive Director Betty Mitchell, and the countless volunteers for their hard work and dedication to seeing this through. I wholeheartedly support the Highland Center’s drive to develop creative solutions to rural Virginia’s needs. I wish the Center great success as it reopens its muchimproved facility. f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONOREES OF THE 2016 NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOOTBALL HALL OF FAME AWARDS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Northern Virginia Football Hall of Fame (NVFHOF) and to congratulate the 2016 inductees and scholarship award recipients. Participation in organized sports instills many values that will serve our youth well throughout life, including sportsmanship, teamwork, honesty, and the work ethic developed by striving for success and working to achieve a common goal. For 26 years, the NVFHOF has recognized the efforts of players, coaches, officials, and cheerleaders from local youth and scholastic football programs and inducts a few exceptional individuals who have made significant contributions to the game. In addition, the NVHOF presents several studentathletes with scholarships to help defray the cost of college. I commend the NVFHOF and congratulate the following students, coaches and community leaders who are being recognized during the 26th Annual NVFHOF Awards Banquet: $1,500 Scholarship Award Recipients: Madeleine Maria Morgan, Riley Newell, Michael Vaughn, and Kullen Kritsky Fairfax County Football Hall of Fame 2016 Inductees: Eugene Y. Chung, Robert Meadows, and Brian Newell Football Officials of the Year: Brian Pelleteir, Dave McKee, Darelle Crandall Karl Davey Community Achievement Award: Michael Godwin Tom Davis Meritorious Service Award: Bill Curran Gene Nelson Commissioner of the Year Award: Brian Edwards High School Coaches of the Year: Kyle Simmons, Jason Dawson High School Players of the Year: Tyler Scanlon, Ceneca Espinoza, Jr., Kevin Allen, Zac Kerxton, Josh Hurlburt, Zach Burdick Youth Coaches of the Year: Brian Conway, Rex Petrey, Phil Anderson, and Randy McCargo Youth Sports Players of the Year: Max Garrison Gomez, Christopher Allen, Jalen Thomas Walker, Chet Kane Collins, Charlie O’Connor, Will Allen, Luke Fernandez, Clayton Rosenberger, Tyga Golden, Henry Hogan, Brodie Carroll, Michael Honesty, Mason Miles, Dayton Lipscomb, Scott Woods II, Nate Williams, Matthew Flenniken, Darius Brown, Clayton Sheffield, Nick Anderson, Dominick Keator, and Andrew Margiotta Youth Cheerleaders of the Year: Ariana Lewis, Naterria Tillery, Aislinn Emery, Jessica Daly, and Janelle Lenore Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Northern Virginia Hall of Fame as well as those students, coaches and community leaders who are being honored at the 2016 Football Hall of Fame celebration. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a great American, Presley Neville O’Bannon. He was born in Virginia in 1776, where his father served as a captain in the Continental Army. O’Bannon was appointed a Second Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps in 1801 and was quickly promoted to First Lieutenant in 1802. He served on the USS Argus, one of many ships used in the protection of United States commerce against the Barbary pirates. In 1805 he was selected for a special mission. During a storm, the USS Philadelphia went aground off the coast of Tripoli and the 180 member crew was captured and imprisoned at Derne. Lieutenant O’Bannon led a few brave Marines through fierce enemy fire, took possession of one of the enemy’s batteries, and planted the American flag. He became the first American to raise our flag on foreign soil during a time of war. Weeks of fighting ensued and finally the captured Americans were freed. The bravery of Lt. O’Bannon and others is forever commemorated in the Marine Corps Hymn in the words ‘‘To the Shores of Tripoli’’. Hamet Karamanli, the new leader of Tripoli, was so appreciative of the actions of Lt. O’Bannon that he presented him with the now famous blade of Damascus, a jeweled sword with a Mameluke hilt. U.S. Marine Corps officers still wear the Mameluke sword today as part of their dress uniform. Lieutenant O’Bannon left the Marine Corps in 1807 and moved to Logan County, Kentucky to live for the rest of his days. He served in both the Kentucky House of Representatives and the Kentucky Senate. He died on September 12, 1850 at the age of 74. The Daughters of the American Revolution removed his remains to the cemetery in Frankfort, Kentucky in 1920 and erected a memorial to this ‘‘Hero of the Derne’’. Lieutenant Presley Neville O’Bannon was a true American hero and I am proud to honor his memory before the United States House of Representatives. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize and honor Mayor Ken Sunseri of my hometown of Haleyville, Alabama. Mayor Sunseri has served as the mayor of Haleyville since 2008 and has proven himself to be a leader who has shown dedication to the city and every citizen thereof. Mayor Sunseri is not only the leader of my hometown, but he is also the leader of men. During the Vietnam War, Sunseri served his country as a platoon leader with the First Infantry Division and retired at the rank of Colonel. He is one of our country’s brave veterans whom we can all be proud. Over the years he has dedicated himself to his country and his local community. In 2004 he was awarded the Civitan Citizen of the Year. In 2005 his involvement in the Alabama Communities of Excellence (ACE) program led to his being named the most outstanding ACE volunteer. He has held numerous Board positions and received many awards, most recently receiving the 2011 Haleyville High School Alumni Service and Dedication Award. Sunseri has served Haleyville through many widespread agencies including President and Deputy District Governor of the Haleyville Lions Club, President of the Haleyville Chamber of Commerce, President of the Haleyville Merchants Association, Member, Haleyville Library Board, Member, Haleyville Housing Authority, Member, Haleyville Industrial Recruiting Committee, Member, Individual and Family Support Board, Board Chairman 310 Board, Winston/Marion Counties. As Mayor, Sunseri was approached with an opportunity to construct a new city hall for Haleyville. Under his leadership this project was completed in January 2016 and will serve citizens for decades to come. Most importantly, Mayor Sunseri is married to Kay Sunseri and they have three children: David Sunseri, Beth Moore and Jennifer Sunseri. They also have five grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, it is a great privilege to honor Mayor Sunseri for his long service to so many in Haleyville and Winston County and the State of Alabama. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as the founder and cochair of the Public Broadcasting Caucus and a strong supporter of public media and federal funding for humanities, I would like to raise awareness of StoryCorps. As one of the largest oral history projects, StoryCorps invites people from across the country to record and preserve their stories for future generations within their archive at the American Folklife Center at the Library of Congress. StoryCorps recently arrived on Capitol Hill and is welcoming individuals to record, preserve, and share their stories at their MobileBooth recording venue, which will be parked outside of the Library of Congress until May 15, 2016. Since 2003, generous support from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and others has enabled StoryCorps to collect over 65,000 stories from more than 110,000 participants in all 50 states. They record interviews at various venues across the country, including at their MobileBooth, which tours the nation year round. StoryCorps also shares excerpts of collected interviews with a national audience of millions through weekly broadcasts on NPR, broadcasts on local public media stations in towns and cities across the country, animated shorts on PBS, and via digital media and bestselling books. StoryCorps’ work has been widely recognized with several George Foster Peabody Awards, a MacArthur Award for Creative and Effective Institutions, and most recently, the 2015 TED Prize. All StoryCorps’ activities are carried out in collaboration with local and national partners. Each year, StoryCorps partners with hundreds of communitybased organizations from across the country—including local schools, public libraries, local public media stations, hospitals, veterans’ affairs centers, and others—to record, preserve, and share the stories of their constituents. In these ways, StoryCorps is promoting a deeper understanding—both historic and contemporary—of people living in diverse communities that contribute to our nation’s rich diversity. This important work would not be possible without federal support of public broadcasting, and I urge my colleagues to continue their support. I also hope that my colleagues and their staff will have time to visit the StoryCorps MobileBooth at the Library of Congress in the coming days to learn more and participate. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I pay tribute to W. Brewster Ely IV on the occasion of his retirement as Headmaster of Town School for Boys in San Francisco, after more than a quarter of a century of inspiring and thoughtful educational leadership and service to the San Francisco community. I join generations of Town School students, families, educators and staff in expressing our deepest appreciation and gratitude to Mr. Ely for the indelible mark he has left on a treasured San Francisco institution and on the lives of all who passed through its halls. Brewster Ely arrived at Town School in 1989, carrying the strong personal values and traditions of his family—following in his father’s footsteps as an educator, and as a headmaster himself for 24 years. During his 27 years as Headmaster, Ely helped countless students discover their strengths and talents, pursue their dreams, express their creativity and develop their unique character. Each and every morning, Headmaster Ely greeted his students with a handshake that conveyed his commitment to their education, his respect for their wellbeing, and the promise of a bright future. With Ely’s leadership, the campus has been dramatically transformed and the performing arts and athletic programs expanded. He has had a significant and lasting impact on every aspect of Town School life. When he retires, Ely will have served as Headmaster for more than a third of the Town School’s nearly 80 year history. Headmaster Ely also worked to support the educational opportunities of those beyond the Town School. In 1990 Ely cofounded Project Discover, an educational summer camp serving low income children in the San Francisco Bay Area. He created the New Teacher Institute which trains new educators and administrators to carry on the academic excellence and values of Town School throughout the San Francisco Bay Area, and further. Brewster Ely has been deeply committed to our San Francisco community. He has served on the boards of the San Francisco Zoo, the Boys and Girls Clubs of San Francisco, KIPP Bay Area Schools, Carney Sandoe and Associates, Stevenson School and the International Boys’ Schools Coalition, of which he was president. I join the Town School Community in thanking Brewster Ely’s family, his wife Nancy and his children Jenny, Jamie and Katherine for sharing their magnificent husband and father with the San Francisco community. My husband Paul and our son Paul Jr., a Town School alumnus, join me in wishing Brewster Ely an enjoyable and rewarding future. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 RECIPIENTS OF THE DALE CITY MULTICULTURAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 2016 recipients of the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards sponsored by Dale City Christian Church. The purpose of the event is twofold: to highlight the extraordinary work of individuals who are improving the lives of people within the local community and to offer financial assistance to high school seniors pursuing higher education. Since 1984, the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards have recognized the accomplishments of AfricanAmericans in the community. Formerly known as the ‘‘Afro Achievement Organization,’’ the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Award and Scholarship Organization under the leadership of Bishop Patrick O. Thomas and Rhonda Pittman highlight the achievements of residents. This year’s award recipients highlight the achievements of AfricanAmericans under the motto: ‘‘For if a man does not know his history, he cannot know his future.’’ It is my honor to submit names of the recipients of the 2016 Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards: Pastoral Leadership: Pastor Douglas Greene, Sr. Religious Leadership Award: Rev. Marvin Hargrove Educational Leadership Award: Mrs. Sheila Coleman and Ms. Rae Darlington Public Service Award: Del. Michael Futrell 
Community Service Award: Doves & Eagles of Faith—Mrs. April Barrett and Roses Home Healthcare—Ms. Michelle Wimberly Professional Leadership Award: Mrs. Beverly Johnson and Mr. Kevin Williams Business Achievement Award: Dunkin Donuts—Mr. Jerome Johnson and We Do Weddings, Etc.—Mrs. Cheri Walker Christian Service Award: Mrs. Lousia Cannon and Trustee Donnell Richardson Faithfulness Award: Ms. Annie Brown and Ms. Christine Dunbar Dedication Christian Family Award: Mr. and Mrs. Arthur McCastle & Family Senior Christian Service Award: Miss Kristen Mitchell and Mr. Blake Conquest Junior Christian Service Award: Mr. Aaron Dade and Mr. Cameron Harris 2016 High School Senior Scholarship Recipients: Mr. Blake Conquest, Mr. Tyland Crawford, Mr. James Curtis, Miss La’Ren Davis, Miss Kira Dixon, Miss Kaelyn Larry, Miss Kristen Mitchell, and Miss Seqouyah Portee Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the 2016 Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards recipients and in thanking them for their individual efforts to ensure we each maintain a quality life and live a better tomorrow. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make it to the April 28, 2016, vote on H.J. Res. 88. If present, I would have voted NO on H.J. Res. 88, the resolution to disapprove of the final Department of Labor fiduciary duty rule. The Department of Labor thoughtfully and carefully crafted the rule over five years with the input of thousands of written comments from academics, advocacy groups, and industry and the benefit of 4 days of field hearings and hundreds of meetings. The final rule will protect retirement savers from conflicts of interest that encourage advisors to prioritize their financial gain over that of their clients. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Haley Carlson of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the highest Future Farmer of America (FFA) Award, the Iowa Farmer Degree Award. Haley is a member of the Atlantic Future Farmer of America Chapter. Haley has a strong commitment to agriculture and hopes to be involved in agriculture in the future. Haley said, ‘‘To accomplish this goal is really motivating.’’ Her plans include an agriculture education and becoming an advocate for agriculture issues. In order for Haley to receive this award it took many years of hard work and determination to be successful in agriculture. She has been an active member in the Atlantic FFA Chapter, exhibited livestock at the Cass County Fair and served as an officer of her FFA Chapter, as well as participating in numerous activities and contests. Haley had to accomplish a supervised agriculture experience project, maintain records of the project, and complete an application for consideration in completing her requirements for the award. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Haley for earning this award. It is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her accomplishments and in wishing her nothing but continued success in her future endeavors in agriculture. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Dr. Frederick V. Miller of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Dr. Miller was an inspiration to all those who knew him— From his selfless and passionate work on behalf of our society’s most vulnerable people—criticallyill newborn and premature infants; To his service in the United States Army; To his business career that helped care for South Floridians; He truly lived a life of public service, with a vigor and spirit that lifted up every person he knew. I had the distinct pleasure and privilege in the Florida Legislature to work with Dr. Miller to pass the ‘‘Drive Thru Baby Bill’’ which mandated that insurance companies cover the care after a birth that new mothers need—not the middling coverage they received before Dr. Miller lent his voice and service to our efforts. Recognizing a problem with too many newborns being born with hearing challenges that went undetected, Dr. Miller worked with me to pass the Newborn Infant Screening Act to ensure that all newborns in the State of Florida had their hearing checked soon after birth. I will always remember him as a man of science; A kind man who cared deeply for his patients and; A man who worked tirelessly to better the lives of mothers and children. My thoughts are with his wife Sharon; his sons Harrison and Sterling; and their entire extended family. 
RECOGNIZING THE HONOREES OF THE 2016 PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE BUSINESS AWARDS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the honorees of the 2016 Prince William County Chamber of Commerce Business Awards. The Prince William Chamber of Commerce is comprised of a diverse membership, which represents nearly 70,000 employees. Together, they create a sustainable environment where businesses and people thrive by focusing on business growth, economic development, advocacy, education, and community outreach. For the fifth year in a row, the Chamber will recognize excellence in business, innovative practices, and outstanding contributions to the community at the 2016 Prince William Chamber Business Awards. This year, the Chamber adds the Charles J. Colgan Visionary Award and industryspecific awards to ensure varying industry sectors have the chance to stand out. The annual awards ceremony is held to honor local businesses, business leaders, and individuals who promote and advance a vital and healthy business environment through their commitment to strengthening opportunity and prosperity in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan region. It is my honor to submit the 2016 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Business Award recipients: Excellence in Small Business Award: Harry H. Horning Financial Services. Business Excellence Award: Micron Technology, Inc. Emerging Business Award: FreshySites. Innovative Practice/Partnership of the Year Award: Heavy Construction Contractors Association. Community Outreach Award: Bookworm Central. Government Contractor of the Year Award: Zeiders Enterprises, Inc. Outstanding Customer Service Award: Okra’s Cajun Creole. Tech Company of the Year Award: Tracen Technologies, Inc. Agnes L. Community Service—Arts and Education Award: Christ Chapel Academy. Agnes L. Community Service—Health and Human Services Award: Habitat for Humanity of Prince William County. Charles J. Colgan Visionary Award: Parr and Associates. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in commending the Prince William Chamber of Commerce and in congratulating the 2016 Chamber Business Awards winners for their outstanding service and achievements. Their efforts, on behalf of a diverse community population, ensure the continued development of Prince William County as one of the premier counties in the United States in which to live, work, and play. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF DELTA KAPPA GAMMA’S MASSACHUSETTS CHAPTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the many accomplishments of the Massachusetts chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma (DKG) on the seventyfifth anniversary of its founding. Delta Kappa Gamma has 
played an integral role in supporting women in education across the world. Here at home, the Alpha Upsilon chapter has been promoting their values of uniting, honoring and advancing female educators in our very midst for seventyfive years. Founded in 1929 in Austin, Texas, Delta Kappa Gamma was conceived as a forum for teachers from all environments to come together in the spirit of professional betterment. DKG has always sought to reach out to teachers from all walks of life. From rural school teachers to urban college professors, it has been the vision of the organization to celebrate distinguished female educators. On June 30, 1941, the Alpha Upsilon chapter of DKG was established at the historic Park Plaza Hotel in downtown Boston as the 44th such chapter in the nation. Since its founding, this Massachusetts chapter has flourished—providing many opportunities and resources for its active members. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the women of Delta Kappa Gamma for all they have done in advancing the cause of education around the world and in celebrating their 75th anniversary. 
CONGRATULATING KEITH LEVY OF ROYAL CANIN USA FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD—MANUFACTURING/INDUSTRIAL CATEGORY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Keith Levy. He is the President of Royal Canin USA and is receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Manufacturing/Industrial Category from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. Royal Canin USA is a global dog and cat food company which originated in France in 1968. In the United States, you’ll find Royal Canin associates hard at work at the company’s headquarters and manufacturing facilities located in St. Charles, Missouri. Royal Canin USA has created an inviting workplace for its employees with numerous incentives: family day for all associates to attend with their families, pet friendly offices where associates can bring their pets to work, take your sons and daughters to work day, and two off leash dog parks outside its offices. Over the last year, Royal Canin USA has added 25 associates in the St. Charles office and 100 overall. It has expanded its office to add workspace for 90 new associates. Royal Canin USA honors the longstanding tradition of rewarding its employees for their dedication and work. Associates are eligible for bonuses and to be recognized by Royal Canin’s ‘‘Make a Difference Program.’’ This program recognizes employees who have made a positive impact on the company. Royal Canin USA’s dedication to the community is made evident by its involvement with numerous community leadership initiatives. Royal Canin provides dog food to the state’s Puppies for Parole program, where offenders train shelter dogs. This training makes the dogs eligible for adoption, while positively impacting the inmates and offenders. Royal Canin also hosted an Advanced Puppies for Parole Gala, which was attended by the First Lady of Missouri. In addition, the dog food company donates food to a pet food bank called ‘‘Rescue Bank.’’ This bank distributes pet food to shelters in need across the country. Royal Canin USA recently held a local 5k run and walk with proceeds benefitting a local dog therapy association. I ask you to join me in recognizing Royal Canin USA for its accomplishment as the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Manufacturing/Industrial Category. f 
HONORING GOVERNOR JOSEPH KERNAN FOR A DISTINGUISHED CAREER IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Governor Joseph E. Kernan and honor him for a long career in public service. Kernan is the oldest of nine children and a graduate of St. Joseph High School in South Bend, Indiana. He attended the University of Notre Dame where he was a catcher on the baseball team and earned a degree in government. Upon graduation, Kernan joined the U.S. Navy where he served as a Naval Flight Officer aboard the U.S.S. Kitty Hawk. During a reconnaissance mission over North Vietnam, Kernan was shot down and held captive as a POW for nearly 11 months. After his release from captivity, Kernan continued to serve his country on active duty. He was awarded the Navy Commendation Medal, two Purple Hearts, and the Distinguished Flying Cross for his service. After his military service, Kernan worked in the private sector as a successful businessman before serving as South Bend’s City Controller from 1980 to 1984. In 1987, he was elected Mayor of South Bend and would become the longest serving mayor in the city’s history. In 1996, Frank O’Bannon and Kernan were elected as Indiana’s governor and lieutenant governor and were reelected in 2000. As lieutenant governor, Kernan served as president of the Indiana Senate, director of the Indiana Department of Commerce, and commissioner of Agriculture. In particular, Kernan played a vital role in improving services for veterans, having spearheaded a Veterans Outreach Initiative to educate veterans on available benefits through the state and federal government. In 2003, after the unfortunate passing of Governor Frank O’Bannon, Kernan assumed the role of Governor until 2005. Since then, he has been active in the community, serving in various leadership roles. Governor Kernan and his wife Maggie have spent their careers serving the city, state, and nation. On behalf of Hoosiers in the Second Congressional District, it is my honor to thank them both for their service and sacrifice to our community. HONORING SHIRLEY DOBSON HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize and honor Mrs. Shirley Dobson on her 25 years of service as the chair of the National Day of Prayer Task Force. With the focus being to mobilize prayer and to encourage personal repentance and righteousness in the culture of the United States of America, the National Day of Prayer includes over 40,000 prayer gatherings in all 50 states. Millions of people across the nation participate at courthouses, city halls, community centers and at the U.S. Capitol Complex in Washington, D.C. The National Day of Prayer is an annual observance that occurs on the first Thursday in May and people of all faiths are asked to pray for the nation. The National Day of Prayer dates back to 1952 when a joint resolution was passed by both the House and the Senate. Shirley Dobson has worked diligently along with so many others over the last 25 years to bring the nation together around prayer. In addition to her leadership with the National Day of Prayer Task Force, Mrs. Dobson is nationally recognized for her many contributions to women’s affairs, Christian Organizations, and the institution of the family. Shirley Dobson has been invited to the White House by many Presidents over the past 30 years and has been recognized by numerous national organizations that are focused on faith, family and spreading God’s word to the world. Mrs. Dobson is also an author. She and Gloria Gaither have coauthored a fourbook series for families. The books are focused squarely on faith and the family and how those two should always go handinhand. Shirley and her daughter also wrote a book together titled, Welcome to Our Table. Shirley Dobson is the wife of psychologist and author, Dr. James Dobson, founder of Family Talk. She and her husband reside in Colorado Springs, Colorado and have two grown children, Danae and Ryan. They also are proud grandparents of two grandchildren. It is my privilege to honor such a fine person as Shirley Dobson and to recognize her contributions to faith and family in America and especially her tremendous work with the National Day of Prayer. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate my hometown of Aurora, Colorado on its 125th birthday. Aurora has been a center of rich history throughout its 125 years as a city. In the year 1866, on the heels of the gold rush, a man named Thomas Gully and his family decided to settle into a quiet ranching and farming life in what is now the city center of Aurora. 
Less than 30 years later, thirtysix Aurorans voted to incorporate Aurora, then known as Fletcher, and it was officially formed on April 30, 1891. Throughout the years, Aurora has transformed from the Gully’s quiet ranching and farming community to the bustling urban metropolis we see today. From humble beginnings, Aurora has grown to be the 3rd largest city in Colorado with a rich and ethnically diverse population. Aurora continues to thrive and grow, with a number of new construction and redevelopment projects already in motion. New businesses and residences, revitalized community centers, and even new light rail expansion all mark the 125th anniversary of the city of Aurora. Even in the face of this advancement, the Gully House, believed to be the oldest structure in Aurora, still stands as a symbol of our humble past and a reminder of the progress we have made together as a city. So, in recognition of our past, present, and future, Happy Birthday, Aurora, and I look forward to celebrating many more. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 2 p.m., on Monday, May 2, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 42 public bills; H.R. 5122–5163; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 712–717 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act: The House passed H.R. 4901, to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, by a recorded vote of 224 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 179.
Rejected the Ted Lieu (CA) motion to recommit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea andnay vote of 167 yeas to 228 nays, Roll No. 178. 
H. Res. 706, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4901) and the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) was agreed to yesterday, April 28th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, May 3rd.
United StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the United StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission for a term expiring on December 3, 2017: Mr. Daniel M. Slane of Ohio.
Board of Visitors Resignation: Read a letter from Representative Israel wherein he resigned from the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy.                                                                       Page H2146 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H2136. Senate Referrals: S. 1875 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. 2845 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 1635 was held at the desk.
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2127, H2127–28. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:27 p.m. Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing on H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’ and the ‘‘Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Policies Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE PET MEDICATION INDUSTRY: ISSUES AND PERSPECTIVES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Pet Medication Industry: Issues and Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Tara 
Koslov, Deputy Director, Office of Policy Planning, Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on H.R. 353, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Hearing Health Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3471, the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3974, the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3989, the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’; H.R. 4977, the ‘‘VA Scheduling Accountability Act’’; H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; and H.R. 3956, the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 353, H.R. 3471, H.R. 3974, H.R. 3989, and H.R. 4977. H.R. 2460 and H.R. 3956 were ordered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5077, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. H.R. 5077 was ordered reported, without amendment. A motion to grant access to Members of the House to review the classified Schedule of Authorizations and the classified Annex to the Committee’s report passed. This markup was closed. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, May 2 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3 p.m., Tuesday, May 3 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E641, E643 Barr, Andy, Ky., E640 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E631, E633 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E641 Capps, Lois, Calif., E630 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E635, E643 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E632, E633, E634, E636, E637, E638, E639, E640, E641, E642 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E633 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E631 Farr, Sam, Calif., E630, E631, E632 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E632 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E640 Green, Gene, Tex., E627 Himes, James A., Conn., E629 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E637 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E629 Hurd, Will, Tex., E628 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E638 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E638 Keating, William R., Mass., E642 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E629 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E633, E635, E636, E637, E639, E643 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E630 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E630, E633 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E627 McGovern, James P., Mass., E635 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E627 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E642 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E629 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E636 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E641 Price, David E., N.C., E628 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E632 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E637 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E628 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E628 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E636 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E631, E634, E635 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E637 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E634, E643 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E642 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E639 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E640 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E639 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E627 Young, David, Iowa, E631, E632, E634, E642 