Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Major General Robert D. Rego on the occasion of his retirement from the United States Air Force following a distinguished 31 year career. A devoted husband and family man, Major General Rego has been an outstanding servant to the United States of America. The son of a World War II veteran, General Rego began his Air Force service in 1985 as a graduate of the ROTC program at UCLA. His first assignment landed him at Grand Forks AFB as an ICBM officer in the 321st Strategic Missile Wing. During his time at Grand Forks, General Rego ascended to the position of Flight Commander while he and his wife, Tricia, welcomed their first two sons, Jarred and Ethan. Following his missile service, General Rego transferred into the space field with a posting as a Space Warning Officer at Cheyenne Mountain AFS in my district in Colorado Springs. During his nearly eight years at Cheyenne Mountain, General Rego welcomed his third and final son, Clayton, and he transitioned into the Reserves, working at local defense contractor Trident Data Systems. During these eight years, General Rego completed important assignments in the United Kingdom, Japan, and Italy. Indeed, the mission in Italy and international events worked to return General Rego to full time active duty service in 1999. Following a term at the Air Command and Staff College at Maxwell AFB, General Rego returned to Colorado Springs as the Chief of the Space Control Mission Team at Air Force Space Command Headquarters at Peterson AFB. During this assignment, General Rego was deployed forward as an Airborne Mission Commander during Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom. His outstanding efforts saved lives and earned him a Bronze Star. Following a term at the prestigious Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island, General Rego returned to Air Force Space Command for nearly 10 more years that saw him promoted to Brigadier General and Major General before a move to Barksdale AFB to serve as the Vice Commander for Global Strike Command. General Rego’s final post has been serving as the Mobilization Assistant to the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command at Offutt AFB. Throughout his extraordinary career, General Rego has been a consummate officer, always dedicating time to improving and mentoring his military peers and being willing to place the needs of his country over his own personal desires or comforts. It is my privilege to honor this outstanding man who rose from very humble beginnings to achieve greatness. The United States Air Force, and indeed, the whole nation, has been immeasurably improved by the life and service of Major General Robert D. Rego. f 
HONORING RECIPIENTS OF THE 2016 THIRD DISTRICT EXCELLENCE IN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, today I honor eight individuals and businesses from Nebraska receiving the 2016 Third District Excellence in Economic Development Award. Throughout the 75 counties of the Third District, entrepreneurs and innovators are working hard to grow opportunity in our state. In May, I called for nominations for individuals, businesses, and organizations which have helped strengthen their communities. All of the nominees have shown they are striving to ensure a strong economic future for Nebraskans. Aulick Industries in Scottsbluff, owned by the Aulick family for three generations, employs approximately 100 people in welding, fabrication, tire installation, laundry, auto body tech, decal design, and administration. The company is also involved in Scottsbluff Public Schools’ Every Child, Every Day, Everywhere initiative with a goal of introducing students to opportunities in manufacturing and technology careers in the region. Brent Comstock of Auburn has owned BCom Solutions since middle school. His technology business has grown to include computer repairs, IT management, software development, and web design. Brent headquartered BCom Solutions in a previously vacant storefront in Auburn and encourages his staff to give back to the community through nonprofit and community board involvement. He donates thousands of dollars in design and digital marketing services to nonprofits and offers free workshops and consultations for businesses. Brent also provides internships to Peru State College. Bruning Grocery’s commitment to hard work, smalltown values, and providing exceptional service and quality products has made the store a cornerstone of Bruning, a community of approximately 280 people. Its competitive prices draw many customers from surrounding towns, encouraging more Nebraskans to shop local. Owned by the Philippi family for more than 40 years, Bruning Grocery serves as a leading food supplier for local events and a major contributor to the vibrancy of Bruning’s Main Street. Chais Meyer of Kearney coowns 24 Hour Tees, an innovative shirt shop known for its responsiveness to local customers while selling products across the country and around the world. Chais is an advocate for ecommerce as a way to grow rural economies. He is also a member of Kearney’s Downtown Improvement Board to help advance the future of retail and the community. Jody Augustyn is the owner of Shanti Yoga by Jody Augustyn, ERYT, based in Loup City and Kearney. In her five years in business, Jody has become known by many as a committed and passionate teacher. In addition to leading her own classes, she also certifies new instructors. Landmark Snacks, founded in April 2016 by Nebraska natives Chad and Courtney Lottman, is a jerky and meat snacks production facility in Beatrice employing 50 people. In 1994, at the age of 19, the Lottmans started out as grocery store owners and have grown their business to also include C&C Processing in Diller. Landmark Snacks surpassed its threeyear growth plan in a matter of months. Pacha Soap, headquartered in Hastings, is owned by Hastings College graduates Andrew and Abi Vrbas. Founded in 2012, Pacha Soap employs 16 people in the Hastings area and sells handcrafted products throughout the country. For every bar of soap purchased, they give a bar to someone in need. The company also sets up small soap shops in developing nations to encourage entrepreneurship while supporting WASH (Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene) efforts through education and donation. Sand Creek Post & Beam in Wayne is the leading manufacturer of customdesigned wood barn and barn home kits. This family owned company employs about 50 Nebraskans and has served thousands of customers in 48 states, helping them design their dream barns. Sand Creek’s production plant was destroyed by an EF4 tornado in October 2013, but owners Jule Goeller and Len Dickinson never wavered in their commitment to rebuild. The company operated out of temporary quarters until its grand reopening in summer 2014. I am proud to recognize these award winners today, and I thank them for their many contributions to Nebraska. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Russell de Leon. After 30 years of proudly serving in the United States Army, de Leon will be retiring at the end of July as a Command Sergeant Major, the highest rank attainable for enlisted soldiers in the U.S. Army. CSM de Leon has been stationed around the nation and the globe, and served with great distinction in Operation Iraqi Freedom and in Operation Enduring Freedom. Since graduating from San Benito High School in 1986, de Leon has made South 
Texas proud. CSM de Leon’s work on his final tour—where he was assigned to the Space and Missile Defense Command in Colorado— helped provide critical services to the President, the Department of Defense, and a host of government agencies. De Leon has earned numerous military decorations, including the Legion of Merit Medal, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, and countless other awards and recognitions. His work and record speak for themselves, and I extend to him my sincerest gratitude for his service. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the opportunity to honor CSM Russell de Leon for his three decades of military service to this nation. I join my colleagues in Congress in wishing him, his wife Eufemia, and their daughter Amanda, the best in the future. 
RECOGNIZING PHIL MEMBRERE FOR HIS DEDICATION TO HIS NEIGHBORS IN NEED AND THE FISH FOOD BANKS OF PIERCE COUNTY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Phil Membrere, who will ‘‘retire’’ this year after 14 years as a dedicated volunteer for the FISH Food Banks of Pierce County in Tacoma, WA. Phil is widely recognized at FISH Food Banks as one of the most committed volunteers that the organization has ever seen. Phil Membrere began serving at FISH Food Banks in 2002 after a serious auto accident forced him to retire from his career as a union truck driver. He used his skills in logistics and transportation to assist FISH with the pickup and processing of locally donated food and quickly became instrumental to the success of the daily operations. After years of being counted on by FISH Administrative Staff, Phil spent the last few years helping to lead this organization on day today operations and helping to streamline other administrative processes. His service has been especially impactful at the Southeast Tacoma FISH Food Bank, where he has helped facilitate numerous large donations from the Puyallup Tribe of Indians. Mr. Speaker, for the past fourteen years, Phil Membrere has been a loyal, fulltime volunteer at FISH Food Banks of Pierce County. He has treated his neighbors in need with the compassion, dignity, and respect that they deserve. Phil has taken pride in this role, reporting to his post five days a week and undoubtedly inspiring others to serve their community. The countless local families that he assisted are all stronger, healthier, and have a brighter future because of his service. The contributions of Phil and his fellow volunteers embody the values that make our community and our country a great place to live. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join the leadership and staff at FISH Food Banks of Pierce County, Phil’s friends and family, and the greater Tacoma–Pierce County Community in expressing my gratitude today in the United States Congress for Phil Membrere’s 14 years of volunteer service. As the proud Representative of Washington’s 6th Congressional District in the House of Representatives, I offer my best wishes for a happy ‘‘second’’ retirement and wish Phil an early happy 70th birthday. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Bill Holmes, a man lovingly referred to as ‘‘Mr. Tucson’’ for his substantial contributions to the people of Southern Arizona. Bill was born in Yuma, Arizona, where he attended Union High School. After graduation, he toured with the international music group, ‘‘Up with People,’’ which aims to bridge cultural barriers and bring people together through music and service. Through his talents and commitment to service, Bill touched countless lives in Tucson. At the time of his death, he was the managing partner and CEO of Agape Hospice and Palliative Care, helping provide comfort and care to those in their final hours. He previously served as managing partner for CPR2U LLC, a health care education company; senior consultant for Up With People; chief operating officer of the Tucson Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce; and community relations manager for Wells Fargo. Bill gave back to our community in so many ways, evidenced by the many civic organizations to which he lent his time and energy. He was Chairman of the Board of the Tucson Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and was involved with the Saguaro Girl Scouts Council, Chicanos Por La Causa, El Rio Foundation, Catholic Community Services, Angel Charities, and Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. Those who knew Bill or had the chance to meet him know he always had a smile on his face. He was a generous, caring, and vibrant leader of our community. His death will no doubt leave a void for many who loved and knew him, but his legacy will carry on, and his enormous impact on Tucson, the city he loved so dearly, will be felt long into the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mathilde Freund on her 100th birthday. Mathilde Freund was born in Vienna, Austria in 1916. She married her husband in 1937. Within a few months, Hitler’s army entered Vienna, Austria and by August of 1938, Mathilde, her husband, her parents, and all her able bodied relatives quickly fled to Paris, France where they again had to suddenly flee, this time to Lyon, France. Once there, the men in her family all volunteered to fight with the French army in Northern Africa. By 1943 they were back in Lyon, where her husband was eventually captured and deported to Buchenwald where he died days before liberation. Her only brother, Alfred, was taken hostage on August 18, 1944 in Lyon, and then shot along with more than 100 other men at the Lyon Airport less than a week later. In 1952, Mathilde came to New York with her mother and daughter where she settled on the Upper West Side. Embracing New York, and her new life in the United States, Mathilde earned several degrees and worked for many years as a medical social worker at the Beth Israel Cancer Detection Center and later at the French Hospital until it closed in 1977, when she retired. She lost her own daughter to breast cancer a little over 10 years ago, but is very blessed to have an extremely loving grandson and five great grandchildren. Mathilde has never forgotten those difficult years between 1938 to 1945, somehow surviving in the forest and stables surrounding Lyon, and she is dedicated to telling her story to grade school and university students in New York City. She continues to live life to the fullest as she takes classes at Fordham University, and she loves to go to the theater, museums and concerts. Mathilde has been a vendor at the Upper West Side Green Flea (now known as Grand Bazaar NY) market since it was opened to nonPTA vendors more than 30 years ago. Grand Bazaar NY is run by the PTA of four onsite schools which benefit directly from the revenue. In recognition of her long running service, this Upper West Side market will name Sunday, July 31, 2016 in her honor. Mathilde Freund will turn 100 years old on August 15, 2016, and I wish her a very happy birthday. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Robin Gonzales, who is retiring after 34 years of service to her community with the Martinez Police Department and the Contra Costa County Sheriff’s Office. Ms. Gonzales began her career in law enforcement as a Cadet with the Martinez Police Department in 1982. She joined the Contra Costa Sheriff’s Department as a Dispatcher the following year, before returning to the Martinez Police Department in 1985, where she continued working as a Dispatcher. Ms. Gonzales eventually became a Police Assistant specializing in Evidence and Training, and is known for her professionalism and commitment to serving our community. Over the course of her career, Ms. Gonzales has maintained strong connections with law enforcement organizations. She has been a member of the International Association of Identification for 30 years, and previously served as the President of the Law Enforcement Association of Property Management. To advance her investigative work, Ms. Gonzales became the first certified Crime Scene Investigator in California. Even with her busy work schedule, Ms. Gonzales finds time to teach classes at Diablo Valley College to encourage girls to study physical sciences. 
Mr. Speaker, Robin Gonzales has served her community with admirable professionalism and dedication for over three decades. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
H.R. 5538, INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I emphatically voted ‘‘no’’ on House passage of the Interior, Environment and Related Agencies appropriations bill (H.R. 5538) last week, which was a parade of misguided provisions and poison pill policy riders that will roll back critical environmental protections and seriously harm our climate, our natural surroundings, and wildlife. We can do better than this shameful attempt at governing. We should be supporting programs to clean our air and water, protect our precious natural resources, and help us transition to a clean energy future. Instead, this legislation moves us in the opposite direction. The bill cuts the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) operating budget and blocks spending on key programs and regulations at a time when we need greater—not fewer—resources to protect our health and guarantee clean air and clean water. This reality is particularly painful for communities like Flint, Michigan and my hometown of Portland, Oregon, where the EPA is assisting with recent air toxics and waterrelated crises, trying to stretch meager funding even as the stakes get higher. The legislation also continues the Republican charade of climate change denial, undermining the administration’s Clean Power Plan and the President’s bold commitments made to the international community at the Paris Climate Conference last year. This bill underfunds key Department of Interior agencies tasked with protecting and conserving lands and wildlife, such as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, and Bureau of Indian Affairs. It slashes the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which has been fundamental for protecting public land and recreation in Oregon and across the country. One of the bill’s more offensive provisions blocks Presidential declarations under the Antiquities Act, eliminating the potential of a national monument in southeastern Oregon’s magnificent Owyhee Canyonlands and other threatened areas of natural beauty throughout the United States. In short, the bill takes multiple steps backwards when we should be ramping up efforts to protect, conserve, and take better care of our natural world. My Republican colleagues took this opportunity to score political points by tacking on damaging policy riders that have no place in the appropriations process. These riders block funding for implementation of common sense regulations like the Well Control Rule, the Obama Administration’s National Ocean Policy, the Bureau of Land Management’s hydraulic fracturing rule, to name a few. There are also riders that would stall progress we’ve made in preventing drilling in the Arctic Ocean, prevent the Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Park Service from setting minimum standards for hunting on federal lands in Alaska, block federal protection of species like the iconic gray wolf and Preble’s Meadow jumping Mouse, roll back the Clean Air Act and stop additional action to prevent climate change, the greatest environmental challenge of our time. Even closer to home, one proposed amendment would have blocked the historic agreement between Oregon, California, PacifiCorp, and conservation organizations to remove four dams on the Klamath River, but luckily it was not successful. This was a shameful showing by the House. While I joined my colleagues in efforts to block many of the most harmful provisions and policy riders, ultimately the Republican majority let big polluters and special interests rule the day, playing politics with what should have been an opportunity to sensibly fund important parts of the government. Our legacy should be one of conservation, careful investment in preservation of precious natural resources, and protection of human health and our fragile climate. This bill could not be more damaging to that legacy, and its passage demonstrates we must fight harder for the future our planet deserves. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 21, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize Florida Character.org for promoting morality in schools, families, communities and workplaces throughout our community. Florida Character.org helps young people everywhere strive to be ethical and engaged citizens irrespective of their backgrounds. They are a nonprofit organization that works with districts, schools and other organizations to help foster a culture where young people thrive both academically and morally. They provide the necessary resources for educators, community activists, workplaces, and parents to create a productive environment. Due to the extraordinary success of their model, Florida Character.org provides a tutorials to organizations across the world who wish to institute similar values in their communities. This template is named ‘‘The 11 Principles of Effective Character Education’’ which appropriately sums up their philosophy on character education. Character.org also helps people exchange ideas and resources through a network of organizations, schools, and individuals while discussing potentially beneficial approaches to further their work. I would like to thank Character.org for being such an upstanding organization that works to encourage integral values such as honesty and respect, in parallel to an exemplary education. I thank Character.org for their passion and exceptional work, and ask that this body join me in recognizing them as well. DEEPWATER HORIZON SETTLEMENT HON. JOHN FLEMING 
CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE , Washington, DC, July 19, 2016. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 1:00 p.m., on Friday, July 22, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 5920–5925; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 139 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: S. 1576, to amend title 5, United States Code, to prevent fraud by representative payees (H. Rept. 114–695, Part 1); H.R. 5613, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–696, Part 1); H.R. 3798, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to permit private persons to compel the Securities and Exchange Commission to seek legal or equitable remedies in a civil action, instead of an administrative proceeding, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–697); and H.R. 5424, to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–698).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5025 Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Vincent De Rosa, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
Whole Number of the House: The Chair announced to the House that, in light of the passing of the gentleman from Hawaii, Mr. Takai, the whole number of the House is 433.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:04 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 1 p.m., Friday, July 22 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12:30 p.m., Monday, July 25 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 12:30 p.m. 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1159 Fleming, John, La., E1159 Jolly, David W., Fla., E1159 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1158 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E1157 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1158 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E1158 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E1157 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1158 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E1157 