Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sumner Wright Mead of Kenilworth, Illinois, who, unfortunately, passed away on September 6 at the age of 92. I will always remember Mr. Mead as a most colorful character who never hesitated to let you know how he felt. For Mr. Mead, his family always came first. He was a beloved husband to Nancy; a father to Sumner, Laura, and Melinda; and a grandfather to Elisabeth, Sumner, Katie, Grace, Brooke, Price, Steele, Will, Paige, and Tyler. Mr. Mead was known for greeting everyone with his welcoming smile. When he wasn’t relaxing in Martha’s Vineyard or Florida, you could catch him with his family volunteering at the Kenilworth Union Church or sailing on Lake Michigan. Mr. Mead also served our country during World War II. His service to our Nation, I believe, exemplifies how he lived his life, putting others ahead of himself on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, I will forever remember Mr. Mead for his integrity, his loyalty, and most importantly, his friendship. He will be dearly missed. HONORING THE U .S. NAVY  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the United States Navy, which is celebrating its 241st birthday this year. Since October 13, 1775, the Navy has tirelessly protected our shores and our seas. The Navy will always hold a special place in my heart as, 51 years ago, Lieutenant Commander Robert Shumaker was shot down over Vietnam. I know him as my Uncle Bob. He became the second naval aviator captured during the Vietnam war. For the next 8 years and one day, he was held as a POW, much of that time in what was the Hoa Lo prison, which we know as the Hanoi Hilton. To me, his story is a reminder of the darkness and cruelty of war, but much more importantly, a reminder of faith and strength of the Navy brotherhood and the honor of serving our country that nobody could take away from him or his fellow sailors. I am also proud to recognize the Great Lakes Naval Station located in Illinois’ 10th Congressional District. Every sailor who serves our country in the Navy has, at one time or another, traveled through the Great Lakes. Since World War I, Great Lakes Naval Station has trained more than 2 million sailors. I offer my most sincere thanks to all the men and women who have continued to make the sacrifices to protect our rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. HUNGER ACTION MONTH  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Feeding America and to recognize nationwide Hunger Action Month. Everyone knows that feeling of an empty stomach, but for 48 million people in the United States, including 15 million children, that feeling is a daily reality. Without nutrition, people—and especially children—don’t have the energy to learn, grow, and achieve success. The Feeding America network is the Nation’s largest domestic hunger relief organization and is headquartered in my home State of Illinois. Their network includes more than 200 food banks that provide 4 billion meals to feed virtually every community in the United States through food pantries, shelters, and soup kitchens. This September is a time to advocate, raise awareness, and take action to eliminate hunger in our communities. Over the past year, I have had the honor to work with numerous local organizations fighting hunger, including the Northern Illinois Food Bank and the Greater Chicago Food Depository. There are also tons of local park districts in the 10th District that help provide food and support before and after school, as well as during the summer months, such as the Waukegan Park District summer feeding program. Moving forward, I remain committed to working with these groups to fight hunger in the 10th Congressional District of Illinois, and I hope my colleagues will use this month to find organizations in their districts that are doing similar lifesaving work. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Hispanic Heritage Month, which runs annually from September 15 to October 15. During this month, we celebrate the culture and heritage of Hispanic Americans and their many historic contributions to our Nation. In the 10th Congressional District of Illinois, we are fortunate to have many community and business leaders with Hispanic roots. Take, for example, Luis Fuentes, a community leader who helps families in Mundelein, and Esteban Montes de Oca, the owner of multiple bakeries in my district. Mr. Speaker, I also had the amazing opportunity not long ago to bring Erika Martinez, a DREAMer from Round Lake, to the State of the Union Address. Mr. Speaker, until we pass immigration reform, families like Erika’s are forced to continue to live in fear of being torn apart. We need to act now. So, this month, please join me in recognizing the important contributions that Hispanic Americans have made to our country, and let’s redouble our efforts to uphold our long and proud history as a nation of immigrants. 
OVERTIME RULE WILL STIFLE WORKPLACE FLEXIBILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, in May, the Department of Labor released its final overtime rule, which is another egregious example of the burdensome regulations that continue to hamper our economic recovery and hold North Carolina families back. By stifling workplace flexibility, threatening upward mobility, and burdening small businesses, unelected Washington bureaucrats are harming the employees they claim they want to help. The Congressional Review Act of 1996 established a process through which Congress can overturn regulations issued by Federal agencies, and I have introduced a joint resolution of disapproval to block this controversial rule. Our Nation’s overtime rules need to be modernized, but the Department of Labor’s extreme and partisan approach will lead to damaging consequences that the American people simply cannot afford. I will continue to fight for a more balanced and responsible approach to updating Federal overtime rules. 
STOP ISIS’ GROWING EMPIRE OF EVIL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stress the importance of supporting our allies in the region buckling under the weight of radicalization and a refugee crisis. The current surge of Syrian refugees sweeping across Europe is challenging the European Union to decisively manage and absorb hundreds of thousands of people fleeing hostilities in the Middle East. Within the United States, we have also begun to feel its effect on our borders. In an effort to further address the continued challenges associated with relocation and placement, members of the United Nations gathered yesterday for a summit to address the mass movement of refugees, with the goal of unifying member countries behind a more coordinated, humane response. Sadly, with reports of violence related to this crisis and an emboldened enemy that has vowed to take advantage of this vulnerable population through means of infiltration and radicalization, we must remain vigilant, and the safety and security of the United States must be our paramount concern. As political and religious minorities are forced to flee their homes to find safe haven, we must work with our allies to ensure that those who prey on these individuals and sow fear internationally reap only swift justice in return. We can ill afford for ISIS and its network of radicalized lone wolves to gain a critical foothold in Europe from which to stage and broadcast its horrifying brand of terrorism. One of these vulnerable allies currently in the crosshairs of the refugee crisis is Greece. In fact, just yesterday, one of Greece’s largest refugee camps went up in flames, forcing thousands to flee. With civil wars in both Libya and Syria, Greece is strategically situated to respond, or fall, to foreign threats posed by ISIS. Souda Bay, located in the northwest corner of the Greek island of Crete, extends our security response capabilities by providing, operating, and sustaining superior facilities and services dedicated to combat readiness and security of ships, aircraft, detachments, and personnel. Souda Bay has and continues to play a key role in providing security to a region under continual assault from threats to humanity. Along with our strategic partner, Cyprus, which houses airbases used in the fight against ISIS, Greece is a key forward base for the Western alliance. While Greece’s location allows Western forces a convenient base from which to confront ISIS, it also makes the country the front line of the refugee crisis. Because of its numerous Aegean islands, Greece is one of the largest countries in the world by coastline. As we witnessed during the height of the refugee crisis, that coastline provides many landing spots for refugees crossing the Aegean from Turkey. Just as Greece stands with us in the fight against ISIS, we must stand with Greece, providing technical assistance, surveillance and intelligence, and equipment, as it faces increased flows of refugees. Greece represents the easternmost borders of the West, and we must ensure that this border is protected. I agree, Mr. Speaker, there is a better way with regard to our national security. Moving forward, it is paramount that we work with regional allies like Greece in order to mitigate the rising death toll, provide a safe area for moderate opposition to form governing structures and rebuild civil society, and allow for the introduction of humanitarian aid. This issue should not be a partisan one, Mr. Speaker. Our national security is a priority we can all agree on. America has always been at its safest when we lead from the front and not from behind. We must not be afraid to stare down evil and take action with our allies around the globe, especially in the Mediterranean. Together, we must stop ISIS’ growing empire of evil before more innocent lives are destroyed. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members who are laboring through these challenging days with wisdom, magnanimity, and a shared desire to serve our Nation at a pivotal time for us all. May their efforts bring results that rise above any sense of victory for one side or the other but, rather, mutual benefit. In the end, may we continue to trust that You would not abandon those who put their trust in You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
SPACE EXPLORATION (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the exploration of space has long united this country. Every American, rich or poor, living in the cities or in the great rural areas that make up our country, can look to the moon knowing that American astronauts planted our flag there. Every time we look up into space, we have something to be proud of, but we know our journey has only just begun. Mr. Speaker, not too long ago, commercial spaceflight was disregarded as some distant pipedream of the future. But today, thanks to innovation in places like Mojave, California, commercial spaceflights and the spaceports they take off from are the epicenter of space exploration. These are the places leading in our journey to the great unknown. But as commercial space has ventured into the future, government policy has not kept up. We need to ensure government allows commercial spaceflight to succeed by updating laws to reflect changing circumstances. Similar to airports, for our spaceports to function, we need to prioritize safety and minimize the risk of structures interfering with the flight path of spacecraft on launch or reentry. The legislation I introduced today that we are voting on gives the FAA the authority they now lack to examine whether structures being built near spaceports will obstruct spaceflight. With this, those leading our journey into space can remain confident that nothing back on Earth will be slowing them down. 
MICHIGAN IS DISENFRANCHISING THE CITIZENS OF FLINT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, it was reported that, instead of doing what is necessary to fix the Flint water crisis, State of Michigan officials are, instead, focusing on disenfranchising further the people of my hometown. Through sleight of hand and bureaucratic maneuvers, they are effectively preventing the people of Flint from suing the State government for the harm that has been caused by the State government in my hometown. Just as when the State installed emergency managers to take over the city of Flint, they are now using obscure legal wrangling to silence the voices of the people in my community and the people that they elected from representing them in a court of law, from going to court to seek justice, to seek solutions. So, instead of fixing the problem, not only have they denied the people in Flint the resources necessary to solve the problem that they created but they are denying those very same people access to the judicial process to seek redress. This is outrageous; it is wrong; and it has to stop. f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S CLAIM IS INACCURATE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Sunday, Politico revealed that past wire payments to Iran directly contradict the President’s inaccurate claim that the $1.7 billion ransom payment had to be in cash. ‘‘The United States made at least two separate payments to the Iranian Government via wire transfer within the last 14 months, a Treasury Department official confirmed Saturday, contradicting explanations from President Barack Obama that such payments were impossible. . . . ‘‘In July 2015 . . . the U.S. Government paid the Islamic Republic approximately $848,000. . . . Then, in April of 2016, the U.S. wired Iran approximately $9 million . . . ‘’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September 11th in the global war on terrorism. Being in New York City yesterday, I saw firsthand the failed legacy of the President. American families are at greater risk of murderous attack today than ever. I am grateful for first responders and the National Guard being everywhere across the city. 
GUN SAFETY LAWS IN THE NATION’S CAPITAL (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have an important announcement to make. We are in the Nation’s Capital where there are not only 700,000 residents but also every major Federal official, and many of the planet’s most controversial figures frequent our streets, restaurants, and other public places. Yet, today, D.C. lawyers must defend its rule requiring permits to carry guns in public for good reason. In today’s big cities, illegal guns of all kinds are brought in because Congress has failed to pass a background check law. D.C. did the right thing; so say four courts of appeals that have already upheld gun safety laws like D.C.’s, requiring a good reason to carry a gun in public. SEPTEMBER IS NATIONAL RICE MONTH (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, the month of September is National Rice Month, a time when we honor the more than 100,000 Americans involved in the rice industry, from the thousands of family farms spread mostly across eight States, to the men and women working in the mills and food processing plants across the country. The reason September is National Rice Month is because, traditionally, this is when we harvest our rice. Right now, American family rice farmers are harvesting what will end up being about 18 billion pounds of rice off 3 million acres spread across sustainably managed farmland. My district alone, in Louisiana, produces an annual crop worth over $119 million from over 110,000 planted acres across 11 parishes. Much of the United States’ annual rice production will be exported to more than 120 countries around the globe, and much of that will be distributed as humanitarian aid. This complex carbohydrate of rice is an excellent source of protein, fiber, energy, and antioxidants. Here in the U.S., white rice is enriched with more than 15 vitamins and minerals and is fortified with folic acid which, by the way, has been proven to dramatically reduce birth defects. The U.S. rice industry, while it may seem small, provides 125,000 jobs and a whopping $34 billion impact on the U.S. economy. f 
CONGRATULATING THE CORPUS CHRISTI ELKS LODGE (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the members of the Corpus Christi Elks Lodge for reestablishing Elks in my hometown. Due to some tough times after Hurricane Katrina and declining membership, the local chapter was consolidated with a chapter in Kingsville. But thanks to the dedication of the members of the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks, the Corpus Christi chapter will, once again, resume activities on October 27. For more than 140 years, Elks Lodges have brought much to their communities, including awarding millions of dollars in scholarships, aiding veterans, building golf courses and pools, supporting Scouting Troops, providing education to prevent drug abuse, and helping lowincome students attend summer camp. It is my belief that having the order return to Corpus Christi will be a huge blessing to our community, and I join my friends and neighbors in thanking them for their dedication and service, 
and telling the Elks: welcome back to Corpus Christi, Texas. 
CONSTITUTION WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Constitution Week. I especially want to honor the efforts of the Daughters of the American Revolution, who initiated the observance of Constitution Week in 1955, in order to encourage the study of the events that led to the framing of the Constitution in 1787; to inform the citizens of the United States of America that the Constitution is the basis of America’s heritage and our way of life; and to reinforce our responsibility to protect, defend, and preserve this great document. Over this past weekend, the Colonel Hugh WhiteColonel John Chatham Daughters of the American Revolution chapter in Lock Haven, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, organized a display of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence at the community’s library. I want to thank the members of the Daughters of the American Revolution in Lock Haven and the members of the DAR all over Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District for everything they do to make sure that we never forget the work of our Nation’s Founders and the tremendous importance of our Constitution. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLES EVANS HUGHES (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable man from my district who dedicated his life to serving our country. Charles Evans Hughes was born in Glens Falls, New York, where his first home still stands on Center Street. Mr. Hughes began his storied career in public service when he was elected Governor of New York in 1906. He was later appointed to the Supreme Court by President William Howard Taft, where he served 6 years, before resigning in 1916 to run for President. While his run for President would be unsuccessful, Mr. Hughes continued his life of public service by serving as Secretary of State for Presidents Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge. Later, Charles Evans Hughes was appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court by President Herbert Hoover. In Glens Falls, we are proud of his amazing legacy of public service, and we will gather on October 15 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of his run for President. CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. ROSKAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in observance of Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. Sixteen thousand children in the U.S. are diagnosed with cancer every year. Only one in five will survive. I have a very special constituent, Chase Ewoldt, of Wheaton, Illinois. This is Chase with his mom and dad. He was diagnosed at the age of 2, in July 2012, with a very rare aggressive brain and spinal cancer. He withstood a grueling 14 months of treatment, spending more time in the hospital than he had at home. He survived. He is not out of the woods yet though. Chase is the nationwide ambassador for St. Baldrick’s Foundation, and his mother wrote a book called ‘‘Chase Away Cancer.’’ This is an incredible example of resiliency, tenacity, and faithfulness in the course of a very difficult season, and I just want to pause and bring attention to Chase and to his family as we recognize Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1415 ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 670) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicaid rules regarding supplemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those beneficiaries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 670 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 670, the Special Needs Trust Fairness and Medicaid Improvement Act, a bipartisan measure that will remove arbitrary legal barriers for individuals with disabilities to independently create their own special needs trust. Special needs trusts are valuable tools that enable assets to be saved on behalf of individuals with disabilities, while protecting their eligibility for meanstested benefits. Under current law, individuals who are or become disabled must have a parent, a guardian, or a courtappointed special needs trust regardless of the individual’s capacity to do so on their own. Mr. Speaker, not only does this requirement place an undue burden on individuals who seek a better financial future and want to live with dignity, it runs counter to the precedent set by Congress with the creation of pooled trust accounts in 1993 and the passage of the ABLE Act in 2014. Both provide disabled individuals and their families unencumbered access to mechanisms for savings. My drive to correct this legal inequity stems from my experience as a certified recreational therapist, a hospital manager, a rehabilitation services manager, and a licensed nursing home administrator. In these roles, I worked with many people who set out on challenging journeys towards rehabilitation and future independence. As a result, I found it difficult to ignore the fact that current law is working to further complicate anyone’s path to becoming more selfreliant and independent. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to share the personal narrative of Rana McMurray Arnold, cofounder and director of the SightLoss Support Group of Central Pennsylvania and a constituent of mine. As an individual who is living with blindness, Rana helped form a remarkable nonprofit to assist others with sight loss by providing peer counseling, vision rehabilitation referral services, and direct accessibility support for local events. Despite challenges she has been faced with, Rana has led a very fulfilling and successful life, running a successful service organization for 30 years and raising a family. However, under the current law, Rana would be deemed unfit to establish her own special needs trust. It is on Rana’s behalf and on behalf of the millions of Americans living with disabilities that I introduced H.R. 670, and I am grateful for its consideration this afternoon on the House floor. I would also like to thank another constituent of mine, Amos Goodall, who has worked as an elder law attorney in State College, Pennsylvania. Mr. Goodall originally brought this issue to my attention and has been a tireless advocate for this bill. I would also like to thank Katie Brown of my staff, whose work on this bill has gotten us to this point today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in seizing this opportunity to correct a legal inequity and safeguard the rights of Americans living with disabilities to secure their own future financial stability. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bipartisan legislation, H.R. 670, the Special Needs Trust Fairness and Medicaid Improvement Act. This legislation, which I have championed for multiple Congresses with my Republican colleague, Representative GLENN  THOMPSON , would allow individuals with disabilities to set up special needs trusts for themselves without a court petition. I thank Representative THOMPSON of Pennsylvania for his continued leadership on this issue. A special needs trust is a special kind of trust that is designed to provide support for certain expenses for disabled individuals to supplement Medicaid benefits. Currently, these types of trusts generally must be established by parents, grandparents, legal guardians, or a court on behalf of the disabled individual. People can only set up a special needs trust for themselves after petitioning a court. Oftentimes, this process can take several months and can incur significant legal fees during the process. This is just not right. Individuals with disabilities can and should have the ability to set up a special needs trust for themselves, and this legislation fixes that basic inequity. This is a commonsense but very meaningful fix in the lives of those living with a disability. I would like to also note that H.R. 670 was amended in the Energy and Commerce Committee by adding an additional provision to require States to extend tobacco cessation coverage to pregnant women through the first year postpartum. This is also good policy. Tobacco cessation is absolutely critical to both saving dollars and saving lives, and particularly so for pregnant and postpartum women. When we invest in helping people to quit smoking, the benefit is not only clear to the health of our communities, but also to our economy. My own home State of New Jersey is currently piloting a project in our Medicaid program specifically aimed at cutting costs and improving birth outcomes through targeted, evidencebased efforts to help pregnant women to quit smoking. In addition, these policies are fully offset by clarifying that the Federal match for hair growth and cosmetic products is available when those products are medically necessary, which is the current policy of most States already. The remaining savings are put in a Medicaid improvement fund as a downpayment on more positive improvements to the Medicaid program in the future. So I am very proud, Mr. Speaker, that we were able to work together on these policies. This is an example of the type of work that we should do 
more often in the Medicaid program: working together to pass policies that remove barriers for beneficiaries, strengthen benefits, and support the longterm health of the program overall. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 670. I hope that the Senate will consider this new version so it can swiftly become law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to commend my friend from Pennsylvania who has spent so much effort on this. We had testimony in the Energy and Commerce Committee, families coming before us who were in situations that are difficult and gives them the opportunity to provide for their loved one, the original intent of the bill. This one allows the individual himself or herself to set up and provide. I think that is the right thing to do. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 670, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SUPPORTING YOUTH OPPORTUNITY AND PREVENTING DELINQUENCY ACT OF 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5963) to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5963 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016’’. 
Part C of title II of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5651 et seq.) is repealed. 
Section 502 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 504 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
The Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781 et seq.) is amended by redesignating section 505 as section 506 and by inserting after section 504 the following: 
Section 506, as redesignated by section 305, is amended to read as follows: 
Title V of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 as enacted by Public Law 93415 (88 Stat. 1133) (relating to miscellaneous and conforming amendments) is repealed. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5963. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act. Mr. Speaker, helping kids succeed in life is a priority we all share. That is why we work to make sure all children have access to the education and the opportunities necessary to achieve their goals and build fulfilling futures for themselves. Unfortunately, too many children don’t realize that success is even an option for them. Too many others believe their chance is past or don’t know how to seize it. As a result, they make decisions that put them on the wrong path and, in some cases, in the juvenile justice system. These are the children this legislation will help. H.R. 5963 includes a number of positive reforms, all aimed at improving services to keep atrisk youth out of the juvenile system and help juvenile offenders turn their lives around. First, the bill’s reforms will set these children up for longterm success. They will help them gain the skills they need to become productive members of society or a second chance to reach their full potential. These reforms will also give State and local leaders the flexibility to meet specific and unique needs of vulnerable kids in their communities. The legislation also prioritizes what works, focusing on evidencebased strategies that will help reduce juvenile delinquency. It will also give policymakers, State and local leaders, and service providers a better understanding of the best ways to serve kids across the country. Finally, the bill improves oversight and accountability to ensure juvenile justice programs are delivering positive results for children and to protect the taxpayers’ investment in these important programs. These are all commonsense measures that will reform the juvenile justice system and improve public safety. But more than that, they will provide opportunities for kids to build successful, fulfilling lives, especially for young men and women who never thought that kind of life was possible. I was happy to partner with our ranking member, BOBBY SCOTT, on this important piece of legislation, and I am proud of the work we have done together. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia has long been a champion of this effort, and with this bipartisan initiative, we have put forward a good bill that will help more children in this country achieve success in life. I would also like to thank our colleagues in the Senate, especially Judiciary Committee Chairman CHUCK  GRASSLEY and Senator S HELDON WHITEHOUSE for their leadership and hard work, as well as Chairman JOHNKLINE, Amy Jones, Leslie Tatum, and the rest of the Education and the Workforce Committee staff. They have all helped pave the way for the reforms in the bill before us today, and I look forward to working with them to complete this important effort. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman KLINE, Subcommittee Chair ROKITA , and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for their work, and also, on our side, Representatives DAVIS of California, A DAMS , and W ILSONof Florida for their work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, juvenile courts were established by States over 100 years ago on the emerging legal theory that children should not be held fully responsible for their actions, a theory proven by scientific research into impulse control and brain development. The capacity to rehabilitate children became the focus of the system rather than punishment of offenders. Congress first articulated national standards of juvenile justice in the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974. Long overdue for reauthorization, H.R. 5963 creates Federal guardrails that protect children in the juvenile justice system within each State. In the 14 years since Congress last reauthorized the program, there have been advancements in research and expansion of evidence informing improved methods to prevent inappropriate youth incarceration and to reduce delinquency. The bill we consider today includes necessary improvements in Federal policy firmly grounded in facts that demonstrate that public investments in services to our youth, particularly traumainformed care and alternatives to incarceration, will produce positive results for atrisk youth. Those results, in turn, will lead to reduced crime and longterm cost savings. b1430 H.R. 5963 requires, for the first time, that State juvenile justice plans take into account the latest scientific research on adolescent development and behavior, recognizing the importance of prevention and early intervention in juvenile crime policy. We shouldn’t have to legislate use of scientific research, but if we don’t, we will end up 
codifying and funding slogans and sound bites that have dictated our Nation’s approach to crime policy over the years. These slogans and sound bites often do nothing to decrease crime, and, in fact, when studied, some slogans have been shown to actually increase the crime rate. H.R. 5963 encourages States to consider promising practices when developing State plans, such as programming to ensure youth access to public defenders in juvenile court, the use of problemsolving courts like drug courts as an alternative to conviction and confinement, efforts to inform and aid juveniles in the process of sealing and expunging juvenile records, and programming focused on the needs of girls in or at risk of entering the system. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the bill retools the Title V Local Delinquency Prevention Grant Program, which is now entitled Youth Promise Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Program, to support communities in the planning and implementing of comprehensive evidencebased prevention and intervention programs specifically designed to reduce juvenile delinquency and gang involvement. Grant recipients will be required to analyze the unmet delinquency prevention needs of youth in the community, then develop and implement a comprehensive strategy to address those unmet needs with an emphasis on program coordination. Research has shown that a communitywide, coordinated approach to delinquency prevention utilizing a continuum of services can actually save the community money and improve efficiencies. I would like to thank my colleagues for working with me on the Title V provisions, which are modeled after legislation that I have been working on for nearly 10 years—the Youth PROMISE Act. I am confident that if enacted, these incentive grants will vastly improve the lives of—and longterm economic opportunity for—our Nation’s atrisk youth. Mr. Speaker, the collaborative work of this committee gives me hope that we can get the full JJDPA reauthorization over the finish line this year. The Senate Judiciary Committee has marked up and passed their version of the bill. I know Senators GRASSLEY and WHITEHOUSE are working hard to get their bill out of the Senate. I am optimistic that support for the bill, which builds on knowledge and experience of the past 14 years, will spur further action so that the bill can make its way to the President’s desk for signature. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), a subcommittee chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his leadership. I rise today in support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, there are approximately 2 million children involved in our juvenile justice system, with many more at risk of entering it. Prior to entering public service, I was engaged in the private practice of law. A good deal of that practice concerned atrisk youth, concerned juvenile law. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, that at the outset of every case, just about, my number one goal was to see that that youth, that those juveniles, did not get put ‘‘in the system,’’ certainly did not get incarcerated. Not because, Mr. Speaker, I was trying to get them off of anything. In fact, my plea agreements and settlements were, in a way, designed to promote much more personal responsibility than any incarceration would. But I knew this: that if they got in the system, the chances were great that they would be lost forever, that they would come out of the system more hardened criminals, a bigger burden on society, with more costs, and, most importantly, another life lost. That is why I am pleased, as the Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education Subcommittee chairman, to work on this bill with these distinguished leaders: Mr. CURBELO , who I have already mentioned, and ranking minority leader, Mr. SCOTT. Leaders in Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District have long been fighting for these reforms as well. In Lafayette, Indiana, for example, the chief of police there, Patrick Flannelly, has been extremely supportive of this bill. In fact, he educated most of us at a Member roundtable recently. He stated: ‘‘This bill will better target Federal funding to communitybased coaching programs for troubled youth—programs that I have seen firsthand working well in Lafayette.’’ Mr. Speaker, students who get involved in the juvenile justice system are less likely to graduate high school, and up to 26 percent are more likely to return to jail as adults. I have personal experience counseling youth as well to back these figures up. Given these realities, we must work to make sure we are doing everything possible to help turn these kids’ lives around. This bill will help that process by making sure that these kids have the skills necessary to become productive members of society. Not only does this bill support prevention services for affected children, but makes sure we are directing our resources to the programs with records of success. Additionally, improvements to program accountability and oversight means they will continue to produce positive effects in their communities. Finally, it provides State and local leaders with the flexibility they need to assist the children in their communities. These are the people who know best what is needed to better the lives of their children. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentlemen for their leadership, and I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding. The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, introduced in the spirit of bipartisanship, supports three core principles: education, safety, and prevention. This bill will enable today’s young people to continue their education despite incarceration. Education is the great equalizer, and access to opportunities for a quality education should be available even for youth who, because of unfortunate circumstances, sometimes lose their way and stray down the wrong path. Voting ‘‘yes’’ for this bill will give States and localities clear guidance and direction about how to reduce racial and ethnic disparities found among incarcerated youth. Statistics show that African American youth are five times as likely to be placed in confinement as their White peers. Latino and American Indian youth are between two and three times as likely to be confined. Reauthorization of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act gives America’s youth a needed second chance to drive their future towards their dreams and not towards detention. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act. This bill, sponsored by Mr. CURBELO , allows atrisk young adults to get back on track by offering them a vast range of opportunities and reducing the barriers that hold these young adults back from success—from graduating high school to preparing for lifelong achievements in the workplace. Last fall, in an Education and the Workforce Committee hearing, a witness told his compelling story about his own second chance through a system that allowed him to get out of the path he was on and to chart a new one. Currently, there are 2 million children in the juvenile justice system, a statistic that is much too high. Many of these children need a second chance to succeed, like the witness I heard in the Education and the Workforce Committee. Before my time in the United States Congress, I had experience with this same issue in the Georgia State legislature where I worked to help pass H.B. 242. In Georgia, that bill ensured that juveniles with status offenses weren’t susceptible to the influence of more serious offenders, which could create an opportunity for them to commit more serious crimes later in their life. Georgia’s success with H.B. 242 is a prime example of why we need H.R. 
5963 at the Federal level. It saves money for taxpayers, reduces the strain on the justice system, and gives atrisk young adults a chance for a future. This is a winwin for all sides, and I am proud to cosponsor this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his comments. He has been a strong advocate for good juvenile justice policy since he was in the Georgia legislature, and has an excellent reputation for that good work. I would like to thank the Act for Juvenile Justice Coalition for their leadership; Senators GRASSLEY and W HITEHOUSE ; and staff members on this side, Denise Forte, Jacque Chevalier, and Christian Haines. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  letters from the National Prevention Science Coalition, the American Orthopsychiatric Association, and the NAACP. 
NATIONAL PREVENTION SCIENCE COALITION  Date: September 18, 2016. To: Chairman John Kline and Ranking Member Bobby Scott, House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Re In support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016. This letter comes in support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016. I really appreciate Representative Curbelo and Ranking Member Scott for their leadership in introducing the bill. As a 30+ year juvenile and criminal justice practitioner, educator and clinician, I have had many opportunities to work with various policy efforts involving atrisk and other youths who come in contact with the juvenile justice system. My background includes policy and practice experiences at federal, state, county and local municipal levels of government. I am also a member of the Board of Directors of the National Prevention Science Coalition to Improve Lives (www.npscoalition.org)—a bipartisan group of 500+ scientists, practitioners, advocates, clinicians, policy makers, foundation representatives, agency leaders, and other community stakeholders interested in assisting policymakers at all levels in designing and implementing policies that include a prevention mentality (e.g., the best that prevention and implementation science has to offer relative to improving the well being of citizens). When implemented well, prevention science has been shown to provide significant cost savings and benefits to the health and wellbeing of persons across the lifespan. Based on these experiences, I consider H.R. 5963 to be a substantial improvement over its former JJDPA version. The proposed legislation provides a much needed, updated framework inclusive of evidence based, preventionoriented thinking in federal policy for youths—not as a prescription to the states, rather as a policy vehicle to help guide the states through the availability of financial incentives (formula and incentive grants for local delinquency prevention programs), training, technical assistance, access to research and best practices. The legislation is clearly informed by research describing the importance of using prevention and developmental science when building local and state capacities as youths interact with the juvenile justice system. H.R. 5963 captures important knowledge gained from investments made through private and public resources over the past 25 years. Such investments have educated us as to the importance of building policies that include frameworks recognizing the developmental differences of youth (from adults) while still holding them accountable for their behaviors. Focus areas in the legislation address the impacts of trauma, mental health challenges, substance use/abuse, family conflict, interpersonal as well as community violence, gender responsivity, racial/ ethnic disparities and are all critical issues. H.R. 5963 also provides a standardized set of expectations (e.g., the ‘‘core requirements’’) balancing public safety and accountability with the recognition that children and youth require tailored, developmentally appropriate, unbiased and preventionfocused interventions that must be properly implemented with transparency and accountability. Furthermore, H.R. 5963 clearly communicates an intention that states begin look to their local communities to find innovative, costbeneficial and effective prevention strategies for vulnerable youths and their families. I request and encourage that you pass this critically needed legislation. States and territories, through their State Advisory Groups (included in this legislation), depend on your leadership in these matters. For 40+ years the JJDPA has been the sole federal policy vehicle for atrisk and court involved youth in this country. The historical results in large measure from JJDPA implementation are impressive—juvenile crime rates are at some of their lowest levels in decades. The JJDPA (now called Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act) will build on the past successes of the JJDPA, and guide states toward the evolution of systems that are much more effective in preventing youth problems and crimes before more expensive, less successful deeper end juvenile and criminal justice alternatives must be used. Thank you for considering these thoughts. Respectfully yours, ROBERT ( ROBIN) JENKINS , PH.D., Board of Directors, National Prevention Science Coalition to Improve Lives, Assistant Professor, Methodist University. 
AMERICAN ORTHOPSYCHIATRIC  ASSOCIATION , September 17, 2016. Hon. JOHNKLINE, Chairman, House Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. Hon. ROBERT C. S COTT, Ranking Member, House Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN KLINE AND RANKING MEMBERSCOTT: On behalf of the members of the American Orthopsychiatric Association, we are writing to thank you for unanimously approving the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, which strengthens and updates the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (JJDPA) and to urge Congress to take immediate action on this important piece of legislation. Founded in 1923, Ortho is committed to prevention as a costeffective, humane, and scientifically sound approach to improving the lives of children and families. Our members are psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, lawyers, and other health professionals, many of whom are working in clinical settings. We are acutely aware of the importance of intervening early to provide support to children and youth who have been exposed to traumatic events and to assist them in developing skills that will enable them to contribute to society. For more than 40 years, the JJDPA has been an important tool in strengthening the capacity of communities to support children and youth and to keep them out of the juvenile justice system. Your leadership in reauthorizing and strengthening the JJDPA will provide state and local governments with the capacity to address highrisk and delinquent behavior and to improve community safety. We urge the House to act swiftly in passing this critical piece of legislation so that a final bill can be approved before the end of the year. Thank you. Respectfully yours, ROBIN KIMBROUGH MELTON , JD. Executive Officer. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE  ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE , Washington, DC, September 19, 2016. Re NAACP strong support for H.R. 5963, the ‘‘Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016’’. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widelyrecognized grassrootsbased civil rights organization, I strongly urge you to support and vote for H.R. 5963, the ‘‘Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016’’ when it comes before you on the floor of the House of Representatives tomorrow under a suspension of the rules. This crucial, bipartisan, legislation strengthens and updates the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (JJDPA), which provides States and localities with federal standards, support, and ressources for improving juvenile justice and delinquency prevention practices and has, since it was first signed into law in 1974, contributed to an improvement in safeguards for youth, families and communities. Currently more than 50,000 young people are held in detention centers awaiting trial or confined by the courts in juvenile facilities in our country. For these confined youth, and the many more youth who are atrisk of involvement in the justice system, an updated and relevant JJDPA and the programs it supports and mandates can mean the difference between a life of continued recidivism and a life of becoming a productive member of society. Of great importance to the communities served and represented by the NAACP is the provision within H.R. 5963 which strengthens the Disproportionate Minority Contact (DMC) program. Numerous studies have shown that racial and ethnic minority youth are disproportionately overrepresented and subject to more punitive sanctions than similarlycharged/situated white youth at all levels of the juvenile justice system, from routine stops by law enforcement to transfer to adult court and punishment. H.R. 5963 provides clear direction to States and localities to plan and implement datadriven approaches to ensure more fairness and reduce racial and ethnic disparities, to set measurable objectives for reduction of disparities in the system, and to publicly report such efforts. We are also extremely supportive of the provisions in the bill which mandate that state and local governments ensure that there is separation in both sight and sound between young prisoners and their adult counterparts at every stage, including when they are being held in adult facilities. We are also supportive of provisions in H.R. 5963 
which use evidencebased programs to strengthen the Deinstitutionalization of Status Offenders core protection; encourage States to eliminate dangerous practices in confinement and to promote adoption of proven best practices and standards; increase family participation in design and delivery of treatment and services; and support efforts by State and local governments to expand youth access to counsel and to encourage programs that inform youth of opportunities to seal or expunge juvenile records once they have gotten their lives back on track. In short, H.R. 5963 provides badly needed updating to a law which can make a significant positive impact on the lives of many of our nation’s youth. Please, for the sake of those youth who may come in contact with the criminal justice system and for the betterment of the future of our nation, support the bipartisan bill, H.R. 5963, when it comes before you on the floor of the House tomorrow. Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter. Should you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact me. Sincerely, HILARY O. S HELTON , Director, NAACP Washington Bureau & Senior Vice President for Policy and Advocacy. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I want to remind my colleagues what this bill is about. Yes, it will improve the juvenile justice system. It will help State and local leaders better serve atrisk youth and juvenile offenders. It will also help improve public safety and build strong communities across the country. But, to me, it is really about opportunity. These reforms will help vulnerable kids from all across the country realize that they have an opportunity to work toward a brighter future—one that doesn’t involve a life of crime or violence. And they will help those children find the support they need to seize that opportunity. A vote in support of the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act isn’t just a vote to advance this legislation, it is a vote of confidence that all children can achieve a lifetime of success, even when the odds are stacked against them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5963. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act. Every child deserves the opportunity to achieve a lifetime of success. That’s what this legislation is about—helping more children realize that success is possible. In some cases, that means keeping atrisk youth out of the juvenile justice system and showing them a life of crime is not their only option. In others, it means giving children who are already in the system a second chance to turn their lives around. And in every case, it means helping kids acquire the skills they need to grow into productive members of society. That’s why this bill includes reforms that will empower state and local leaders to better serve vulnerable children in their communities. We know there are important efforts already underway, including right here in our nation’s capital. Earlier this year, I visited a community based program called Boys Town DC, and I had the opportunity to meet a young man named Terraun. At Boys Town, Terraun was learning how to be responsible for household chores and to resolve conflicts respectfully. He was also improving his cooking skills, which he hopes one day will lead to a successful career as a chef. Terraun is holding himself accountable and thinking about the future. And regardless of his background and past mistakes, he is on the right path. Unfortunately, not every vulnerable youth has the same experience. But with this important legislation, we can help more kids just like Terraun work toward a brighter future. I want to thank Representative CURBELO  and Ranking Member SCOTT for all of their hard work on this bipartisan bill and for delivering these important reforms. I also want to thank Senator CHUCK GRASSLEY , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, for the work he has done to advance many of these reforms in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill that will have a positive impact on communities across the country, and more importantly, it will help some of our nation’s most vulnerable children achieve a lifetime of success. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5963, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PROVIDING AN ANNUITY SUPPLEMENT FOR CERTAIN AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5785) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5785 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FULL ANNUITY SUPPLEMENT FOR CERTAIN AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is my honor to present and speak about H.R. 5785, which provides a full annuity supplement for certain retired air traffic controllers that serve as instructors—a measure that helps ensure safe skies and also cuts waste and inefficiency. Over the next 5 years, the Federal Aviation Administration plans to hire a new generation of air traffic controllers. As the generation following the 1981 strike reaches retirement age, more than 6,000 new controllers will be trained in Oklahoma City’s FAA Academy to fill this void and safely manage our Nation’s air space. b1445 Training this new generation of controllers requires a full staff of quality and committed instructors. Current law, however, financially penalizes instructors who work full time, causing discontinuity in the classroom and government waste. There is an arbitrary income cap in place for our experienced, retired air traffic controllers who want to receive their full benefits. Consequently, many instructors choose to work part time instead of full time to maintain these benefits. To match the hours of a full time instructor, the FAA must hire four parttime instructors, which quadruples the cost for training, wasting about $1 million each year. To remedy this situation, my bill removes the income limit so that our Nation’s most experienced air traffic controllers can work as instructors full time and receive their benefits. Not only will the FAA save up to $1 million 
each year, but consistent teaching by quality instructors will ensure our skies remain safe. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member CUMMINGS , in giving this legislation timely and supportive consideration, as well as my Democratic cosponsors, Mr. CONNOLLY of Virginia and Mr. L YNCH of Massachusetts, and the bipartisan supporters who recognize the importance of this matter. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5785, and I thank Congressman RUSSELL for his leadership on this measure. H.R. 5785 would help ease the difficulty that the Federal Aviation Administration currently has in hiring air traffic controller instructors. The bill would eliminate the Social Security earnings cap for the FAA air traffic controller instructors who are receiving pension supplements. The cap is, currently, $15,720 per year. This cap has made it hard for the FAA Academy to hire fulltime instructors because retired air traffic controllers do not want to lose their annuity supplements. The FAA has a critical shortage of air traffic controllers, and it is vital that we help ensure that the FAA is able to recruit enough qualified instructors to train controllers. This legislation is narrowly tailored to address a matter that would have significant affects on public safety, so I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for her kind support. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5785. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
GAO ACCESS AND OVERSIGHT ACT OF 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5690) to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5690 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GAO Access and Oversight Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5690, the GAO Access and Oversight Act. As stewards of the Federal Government, we have a duty to make sure that taxpayer money is spent appropriately. We also have a duty to make sure our watchdogs have the tools that are necessary to combat waste, fraud, and abuse, especially the Government Accountability Office. The GAO has a proven track record of excellence. In the past 6 years alone, it has identified over 200 areas of duplication, overlap, or fragmentation and has recommended more than 600 corrective actions; however, Congress needs to ensure the GAO has the access necessary to carry out the work we ask of it. Today, we have the opportunity to better arm the GAO by clarifying that it does, indeed, have inherent access to data contained in the National Directory of New Hires. In doing so, we will help the GAO to better investigate potential fraud and improper payments, including those in the disability insurance program. The GAO’s objectives are hindered without access to this data, and taxpayer dollars are not as well protected against waste, fraud, and abuse. The language in this bill has been included in bipartisan legislation that was approved unanimously by the full House last Congress. To ensure the GAO has all of the information it needs to perform its critical role for Congress, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5690. I also thank Senator SASSE for his work on this bill in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, the GAO provides invaluable aid to Congress in conducting our constitutional duty to oversee and evaluate the executive branch. To do its job effectively, the GAO needs timely access to agencies’ documents, materials, and other information. The bill before us would ensure the GAO’s access to the National Directory of New Hires, a valuable database of wage and employment information. Access to this database would assist the GAO in its improper payment and fraud work as well as in evaluating programs in which eligibility is being means tested. The bill would also explicitly provide the GAO with standing to pursue litigation if an entity in the executive branch improperly denies the GAO access to information. Mr. Speaker, similar bills have passed the House by wide margins in a number of previous Congresses. These are needed reforms, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5690. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUDICIAL FINANCIAL TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4419) to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4419 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4419, the District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act, which was introduced by my colleague from the District of Columbia, Delegate ELEANOR  HOLMES NORTON . H.R. 4419 would provide a more robust and open disclosure of judicial finances in the District. Currently, District judges are required to meet disclosure requirements that are less rigorous than those mandated for Federal judges. H.R. 4419 will help to close this disclosure gap. This bill will require judges to disclose sources of income for themselves and their spouses. This increased disclosure will help to strengthen an important pillar of our judicial system: the public’s trust in an impartial judicial system. In order to ensure that those before the District’s judicial system can be confident in its impartial nature, the bill also requires that the disclosures be made publicly available. The bill will require that disclosure reports be made available to the public for 3 years after they have been filed. H.R. 4419 will ensure compliance by making a failure to file or filing a fraudulent report an offense that is punishable by removal from office. This legislation will help to protect the public’s faith in the integrity and impartiality of the District’s judicial branch. H.R. 4419 is a good government bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for bringing this bill forward. I thank, especially, Chairman CHAFFETZ for his support in moving this bill through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and now to the floor for consideration. I am also grateful to Ranking Member ELIJAH CUMMINGS for his vital assistance as this bill moves forward. I thank Senator JAMES  LANKFORD , who once served with us on this committee and who introduced the companion bill in the Senate, which was already reported favorably by the Senate’s Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Committee in May of this year. My bill, the District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act, as amended, will provide muchneeded transparency to the District of Columbia’s local courts by enhancing financial disclosure requirements for D.C. court judges to make them more similar to the disclosure requirements that are already in place for Article III Federal judges. District of Columbia judges are Article I Federal judges. Although current law requires D.C. Superior Court and D.C. Court of Appeals judges to file annual financial reports, there was no requirement that all of this information be made public. For example, while judges are required to submit information about their incomes, investments, liabilities, and gifts—and we have no reason to believe that they have failed to do so—current law only makes public judges’ connections to charities, private organizations, businesses, as well as honorariums that are more than $300. My bill would make all of this information, except for the judges’ personally identifiable information, available for public inspection. This bill is particularly necessary because a 2014 survey by the Center for Public Integrity, which took a comprehensive look at each State’s judicial financial disclosure rules, gave the District a failing grade. D.C. court judges already submit enough financial information to improve the District’s standing. My bill would simply make it public. Like Senator LANKFORD ’s bill, my bill also includes provisions that will give D.C. courts new authorities to improve their operations. These provisions would authorize magistrate judges to serve in the probate division, which would help address the increasing number of adult guardianship cases; allow the courts to accept payments by credit card and check—imagine how late we are in getting to that— which would reduce administrative costs and increase efficiency; increase the maximum amount in controversy for small claims from $5,000 to $10,000, which would be the first increase in 20 years, would ensure access to the courts for plaintiffs with limited means; and authorize the chief judges to delegate their authority to approve reimbursements to courtappointed attorneys. b1500 Currently the chief judges must personally approve these reimbursements, which adds to their administrative workload and diverts attention and resources away from more critical issues facing our courts. Congress has the jurisdiction over our court system because, as I have indicated, it has jurisdiction over all Article I courts and, therefore, the authority to make the necessary improvements. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4419, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS AND PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCENTIVE PAYMENTS ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5037) to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5037 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5037, the District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act, introduced by my colleague from the District of Columbia, Delegate ELEANORHOLMES NORTON . Voluntary separation incentive payments provide agencies an effective and efficient tool for reducing the size of their workforce, cutting costs in the process. As stewards of taxpayers’ dollars, it is important that every agency ensure it is staffed only to the extent that their work requires. H.R. 5037 will provide authority for the District of Columbia to offer buyouts for employees of the D.C. courts and public defenders. This legislation would authorize the District to set up a substantially similar system to that already used by Federal agencies. Utilizing a voluntary separation incentive payment program will assist the D.C. court and public defender systems in reducing cost. When compared to other force reduction efforts, the Government Accountability Office found voluntary separation incentive payments result in greater cost reductions and savings. The GAO review found that voluntary separation payments generate greater savings than direct workforce reductions because the payment encourages higher paid staff to depart. H.R. 5037 will allow the District to decrease the cost and increase the efficiency of administering the judicial system. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5037. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and especially Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for working together and with me to move this bill to the floor today. This bill, the District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act, as amended, would make a minor change to the authorities of the District of Columbia courts and the Public Defender Service by placing these entities in the same position as their Federal counterparts for more effective management and operation. The bill would give the D.C. courts and PDS the same authority Federal agencies and Federal courts already have to offer voluntary separation incentive payments, or buyouts, to their employees. The fiscal year 2016 omnibus bill already gives D.C. courts buyout authority. But my bill would make this authorization permanent— so I don’t have to keep coming back to this floor on such a minor administrative matter—and it would extend it to PDS, in addition to the courts. Buyouts would allow the D.C. courts and PDS to respond to their future administrative and budget needs and would provide the flexibility to extend buyout offers to their employees. The U.S. Government Accountability Office has determined that voluntary separation incentive payments may be made only where statutorily authorized. While Federal agencies and Federal courts have the statutory authority to offer buyouts, PDS and the D.C. courts have not been expressly permitted to permanently provide them to their employees. PDS and the D.C. courts seek the same buyout authority in order to manage their workforce as budget conditions and needs change. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5037, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MODERNIZING GOVERNMENT TRAVEL ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5625) to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5625 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing Government Travel Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act, introduced by Congressman SETH MOULTON of Massachusetts. Federal employees’ options for transportation on official travel are limited. In the modern shared economy, there are many new methods of transportation that can help the Federal Government reduce the costs associated with travel by Federal employees. In order for the government to be good stewards of taxpayer funds, it is important that it embrace innovation and the efficiencies that come with it. The Modernizing Government Travel Act will help to ensure that as new transportation services emerge, Federal employees can take advantage of the efficiencies that these services bring. This bill would provide a statutory framework for authority for employees on official business to travel using transportation network company services. By opening up a new market for transportation services, H.R. 5625 will also help to spur new innovations, which will bring potentially greater cost savings. Embracing innovation is only one piece of ensuring taxpayer dollars are well spent. We must also ensure that there is accountability for travel expenses. H.R. 5625 will mandate that agencies report their travel costs to the General Services Administration. H.R. 5625 will also require that GSA publish that data for the American people to review. GSA will be required to provide a report on agency official travel costs to Congress in order to better inform future transportation policy decisions. I urge my colleagues to support this good government bill and help promote innovation in the transportation sector by supporting H.R. 5625. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act, as amended. I thank Representative MOULTON and Representative HURDfor their work on this measure in particular. H.R. 5625 would expand the transportation options for Federal employees on official government travel. Specifically, the legislation would require the General Services Administration to issue regulations to allow Federal employees to be reimbursed for the use of ridesharing services, such as Uber and Lyft. The bill also would allow for the use of future technologies not yet known or available to be covered as reimbursable travel expenses. In addition, Federal agencies would be required to submit annually to GSA detailed information on their travel costs, including breakdowns of costs by transportation type. GSA would be required to submit annual reports to Congress containing an analysis or survey of agencies’ travel costs, as well as implementation of the regulations. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5625. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ), who is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act. While we may not agree on all things, I think there is consensus on both sides of the aisle that the Federal Government has failed to keep pace with the technological advances and innovation that have come to define the 21st century economy. Despite the emergence of new technologies designed to improve the way we travel, today some Federal employees are unable to be reimbursed for using more costeffective, innovative modes of transportation when traveling on official business. Innovative ridesharing services supported by mobile apps have dramatically changed how we get from one place to another. Now, with just a few taps on a smartphone, we can access a variety of new transportation options like rideshare and bikeshare that complement public transit, take more cars off our congested roads, and reduce fuel emissions. While the Government Services Administration allows agencies to authorize the use of these transportation options by Federal employees, it has not, nor is it required by law, to issue comprehensive guidance across the Federal Government. Consequently, agencies and their employees may be unaware that they have the transportation options available to them for reimbursement. H.R. 5625 would require the General Services Administration to implement regulations to allow Federal employees to use transportation options like rideshare and bikeshare for official travel. The GSA administrator would be required to submit annual reports to Congress on the implementation of these regulations and the resulting amount of government savings. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) for working with me on this legislation, as well as Representatives SWALWELL , ISSA, M EADOWS, and B USTOS for their support. This is truly a bipartisan effort that will increase the Federal Government’s engagement in the sharing economy while saving taxpayer dollars. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ) again for this bill. I note that this is a truly bipartisan bill. I wish we had more like them coming on this floor. It does show that bipartisanship still lives. It is not dead in the House of Representatives. It certainly was revived with this bill. 
b1515 This is a very good bill for reviving it. Look what it does. It keeps up with rapidly changing technology, and what is particularly gratifying about the bill is it says you don’t have to come back to the floor every time when technology changes, you can reimburse as technology changes. This will encourage Federal employees to look for the fastest, cheapest way to get around the District of Columbia and the region. Remember, these employees are all over the United States, but they are particularly to be found in crowded regions like the national capital area region. And I note that in this region Metro is being fixed. It goes to show that we need all the diversity and means of travel we can find, and I applaud this bill. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act. This bill is an important step forward in bringing government employees and federal regulations into the 21st century. Currently, each agency has different policies on what transportation options are available to federal employees for reimbursement. Thus, depending on the agency, some federal employees are unable to be reimbursed for official travel if they use ridesharing or nontraditional forms of transportation, such as bikeshare. Yet many of these platforms provide costeffective ways for our government employees to travel quickly and efficiently. H.R. 5625 would address this problem by requiring the General Services Administration (GSA) to implement regulations to allow all federal employees to be reimbursed for these modes of travel. I was privileged to help in the drafting of H.R. 5625, and I want to thank the sponsor, Congressman SETHMOULTON , for in troducing the bill and working diligently to help move it to the Floor. Last year, Congressman DARRELL ISSAand I cofounded the bipartisan Congressional Sharing Economy Caucus. We started this caucus in order to bring government attention to the benefits of the sharing economy and to find ways for the federal government to support it, a growing sector of our economy. The bill in front of us helps to encourage the use of sharing economy technology, therefore saving taxpayers money, and fits perfectly within the goals of the Sharing Economy Caucus. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5625 today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5625, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1550), to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1550 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Program Management Improvement Accountability Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1550, the Program Management Improvement Accountability Act, introduced by Senator JONI ERNST of Iowa. Program and project management are the guide rails that are necessary to ensure the Federal Government actually works. Effective program and project managers are both the first line of defense against waste and fraud throughout the Federal Government and the best positioned employees to increase government efficiency. With Federal spending out of control, we need the best program and project managers we can get to combat waste, fraud, and inefficiency. According to CBO, the Federal Government will spend more than $4 trillion in fiscal year 2017, but better management alone could prove a significant effect on our longterm spending. A 2013 Accenture study found that a 1 percent increase in efficiency could save the Federal Government nearly $1 trillion by 2025. S. 1550 gives our Federal professionals the support and leadership they need to build a strong foundation of efficiency for Federal programs and projects. The bill addresses challenges these professionals face to ensure that management professionals in our Federal workforce have the guidance, support, and professional standards necessary to improve efficiency. According to a report by the National Academy of Public Administration, there are five significant challenges to improving program management capabilities in the Federal Government: laws do not holistically address challenges of program management; program management is not recognized as an important discipline for improving performance and results; agency executives and stakeholders do not understand their roles and responsibilities; training and development of program managers lack consistency across the Federal Government; and program managers lack a professional community to provide support and voice concerns about program management development. S. 1550 addresses these challenges by: requiring OMB’s Deputy Director of Management to adopt and oversee governmentwide standards that are consistent with private sector best practices; requiring agencies to designate a senior executive to serve as a program management improvement officer, an individual who will then be responsible for implementing standards and policies set by OMB at their agency; and establishing a Program Management Policy Council to discuss topics of importance to program and project managers and make recommendations to resolve inefficiencies in programs identified as high risk by the Government Accountability Office. Providing guidance and leadership to our Federal employees responsible for trillions of dollars in spending will go a long way toward meeting a simple goal like increasing efficiency by just 1 percent. I urge my colleagues to support this costsaving, bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bipartisan legislation to improve program management practices in Federal agencies, and I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my good friend, and of course the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ) for their bipartisan hard work on this bill. The bill would require the development of standard policies and guidelines across the Federal Government for program management. It would also establish an interagency Program Management Policy Council to develop best practices and focus on improving the management of Federal programs. 
The bill would, in addition, require the Office of Personnel Management to establish a new career path for program and project management and to identify key skills and competencies for such jobs. The Federal Government is often called upon to manage large, complex new programs and initiatives and needs a cadre of managers capable of guiding this work. S. 1550, as amended, is a good, bipartisan measure that would improve the management of the Federal Government, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my good friend and a sponsor of this bill. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), my good friends, for their leadership in managing today. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in strong support of this bill, which will make fundamental changes to project and program management practices and standards for the Federal Government. The bill’s cosponsor, Representative TODD YOUNG , and I currently serve as cochairs of the Government Efficiency Caucus, which to some may seem like an oxymoron. In our capacity as co chairs, Representative YOUNG and I worked together on a bipartisan basis to develop the Program Management Improvement and Accountability Act. After taking input from many stakeholders, including from agency management and private sector partners, regarding the root causes of poor project performance, we identified serious deficiencies in program and project management competencies across the entire Federal Government. As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, it is deeply troubling to me that so many Federal projects and programs find themselves substantially over budget or significantly behind schedule. These are all symptoms of a lack of institutional focus and attention to the mechanics of project management. This bill strengthens project management policy throughout the Federal Government by requiring consistent project standards and guidelines for program management, demanding accountability at OMB and in Federal agencies to capture and implement lessons learned, and requiring a clear identification of skills and competencies necessary for effective program management professionals. I have the honor of representing more than 13,000 project managers, Federal project managers, and the lack of requirements for the position is not acceptable. The job description for an important position where billions of dollars are being spent should be clearly defined, and this legislation instructs OPM, the Office of Personnel Management, to develop a job classification and career path for these professionals. I am proud to have worked with Congressman YOUNG and the Government Efficiency Caucus on a bipartisan basis. We have the support of nonpartisan good government groups, including the Project Management Institute and the National Academy of Public Administration behind this bill. As a result, the PMIAA passed through our committee, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, without objection, and passed the Senate unanimously. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation that I think will lead to significant efficiencies in the Federal Government and ultimately benefit the American taxpayer. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bill. I thank my colleague for his work on this bill, my good friend from Virginia. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1550, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
GAO MANDATES REVISION ACT OF 2016 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5687) to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5687 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GAO Mandates Revision Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 5687, the GAO Mandates Revision 
Act of 2016. We have a unique opportunity today to help a critical congressional ally, the Government Accountability Office. GAO’s reporting helps ensure that Federal funds are efficiently and effectively spent and that our Federal programs work as intended for the American people. For example, the GAO has created over $600 billion in financial benefits to the Federal Government since fiscal year 2003. The implementation of GAO’s recommendations has led to over 16,000 program and operational improvements across the Federal Government. Congress relies heavily on GAO, and, therefore, it is natural that committees frequently pass bills to require the GAO to produce regular reporting. However, Congress must also periodically review these requirements to ensure that we are not burdening GAO with required reporting that is no longer necessary. The bill before us does just that by repealing eight mandated reviews that are outdated or unnecessary. Elimination of these reports will allow the GAO to free up resources and better focus on Congress’ highest priorities. All reports being repealed by this legislation have been agreed upon on a bipartisan, bicameral basis. I want to thank my colleagues throughout the House and Senate who have taken part in this process. We will be back in the 115th Congress with a similar review, and I thank you in advance for your help again. In summary, the bill before us today will allow the GAO to better respond to more timesensitive congressional requests. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5687. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a simple, commonsense bill that would eliminate or modify certain outdated GAO reports currently mandated by statute. The bill would allow GAO to more effectively use its resources and assist Congress more effectively. I appreciate the bipartisan and bicameral approach taken on this bill. b1530 Majority and minority staff of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee worked to ensure that the committee that received the reports affected by the bill were all comfortable with the changes being made. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5687. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
MARINE LANCE CORPORAL SQUIRE ‘‘SKIP’’ WELLS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5612) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5612 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MARINE LANCE CORPORAL SQUIRE ‘‘SKIP’’ WELLS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5612, introduced by Representative TOMPRICE of Georgia, to designate a post office located in Marietta, Georgia, as the Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells Post Office Building. Lance Corporal Wells enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 2014 after 2 years in college. On July 16, 2015, he was completing training at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when a gunman opened fire. Lance Corporal Wells heroically lost his life warning fellow marines about the attack. I look forward to learning more about Lance Corporal Wells from the sponsor of the bill, Representative PRICE. For now, I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5612, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells Post Office Building. A native of Marietta, Georgia, Skip Wells enlisted in the Marine Corps in 2014 and was assigned to the 14th Marine Regiment in Tennessee, where he served as a field artillery commander. On July 16, 2015, while serving a voluntary 2week assignment at the U.S. Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Lance Corporal Wells was tragically killed when a lone gunman opened fire on the center. Lance Corporal Wells was posthumously awarded a Purple Heart. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor the bravery, service, and sacrifice of Lance Corporal Skip Wells. I urge support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE), my good friend, a great leader, and the sponsor of this bill. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fallen hero from Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District, Marine Lance Corporal Squire Wells from Marietta, Georgia. Known by his friends and family as Skip, Lance Corporal Wells was one of five servicemembers tragically murdered in a terrorist attack at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, on July 16, 2015. Skip Wells graduated from Sprayberry High School in Cobb County in 2012. In high school, he played clarinet in the marching band, was active in Junior ROTC, and was regarded by his classmates as a ‘‘protector’’— someone who ‘‘looked at everyone with love’’ and would ‘‘go anywhere to protect anybody.’’ After graduation, he studied history at Georgia Southern University before going on to enlist in the Marine Corps in 2014. Mr. Speaker, his family had a long tradition of military service, and Skip Wells felt a strong calling to defend his country. While in the Marines, Skip Wells distinguished himself as a proud field artillery cannoneer. His desire to put the wellbeing of his fellow marines and the mission before that of his own was famous among fellow servicemembers. Once, while on a training exercise, a sledge hammer badly damaged his hand while attempting to drive a stake into the ground. Seeing the damage to his hand, his commanding officer ordered Wells to seek immediate medical attention for his injuries, but Lance Corporal Wells refused. He said: 
First Sergeant, I will not leave my gun. I’ll refuse medical treatment, but I am not leaving my position. 
Such was his resolve to serve and his commitment to his fellow marines, that he would not abandon them, not even during a training exercise. Mr. Speaker, this was one remarkable man. On July 16, 2015, Skip Wells was completing 2 weeks of training at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when a terrorist opened fire on the facility. Disregarding his own safety, Skip Wells was last seen running to warn colleagues in the motor pool of the attack. He was 21 years old at the time of his death. Mr. Speaker, the valor of this young man’s action and the tragedy surrounding the taking of his life at the hands of a terrorist moved people in my district deeply. At a memorial service that was held at his high school, more than 4,000 mourners filled the stadium to remember Skip Wells. Thousands more stood around the periphery of the field. Skip Wells was a proud marine and a true hero. He made the ultimate sacrifice and selflessly gave his life to protect his fellow servicemembers and to protect our Nation. There is nothing we could do that would be too much to honor this young hero’s memory. Thus, I urge the House to pass this legislation to designate this facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, the post office closest to his high school, Sprayberry High School, as the Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells Post Office Building. It is my hope, Mr. Speaker, that, for generations to come, young children and others at the post office will see that post office’s name and ask: Who is Skip Wells? Mr. Speaker, that answer will be very, very clear. He was a valiant defender, a hero, and a patriot. He was truly the very best of us. To his mom, Cathy, and his family, we extend our deepest appreciation for his service and his sacrifice. May God bless his memory, the Wells family, and the United States of America. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), from the State where this tragedy occurred. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation that my dear friend and colleague, Dr. PRICE, has sponsored in this House. On that fateful day, July 16, 2015, five great American heroes lost their lives: Gunnery Sergeant Thomas Sullivan, Staff Sergeant David Wyatt, Sergeant Carson Holmquist, Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith, and, yes, another great hero, Lance Corporal Skip Wells. I am honored to stand in the well of this House, as I was when I came here after those attacks, and I want all Americans to know and understand the love and support that not only Chattanooga and the great State of Tennessee—my State—showed, but the great support shown in the people’s House for those five fallen heroes. Lance Corporal Skip Wells truly was and is an American hero. Think about that. He was a marine serving at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center. I had been there prior to these attacks. I have been there several times after these attacks. As a matter of fact, the Commandant of the great United States Marine Corps has visited there. General Miller has actually been to where we sustained this great loss of life. Those terrorist attacks that day on American soil in Chattanooga, Tennessee, took these five lives. Skip Wells stood proud as a marine and defended our great Nation that day. And yes, all five of these great service people were awarded the Purple Heart posthumously, as they should have been. But now, in some great way that we can, with Dr. PRICE’s bill, we honor this great American marine and great American hero who gave the ultimate sacrifice for us so that we can serve in this House and so that we can remain the freest, greatest Nation that the world has ever seen. We will honor him and, hopefully, pass this bill on the naming of a post office. Yes, Dr. PRICE is right: this is just a small token of the debt that Chattanooga, Tennessee, and America, will always owe to Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be a cosponsor of this bill. I thank Dr. PRICE and my friend from Tennessee as well. At this time, I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5612. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RICHARD ALLEN CABLE POST OFFICE Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4887) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4887 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4887, introduced by Representative PETER VISCLOSKY , to designate a post office located in Shelby, Indiana, as the Richard Allen Cable Post Office. Richard Cable served the United States gallantly in Vietnam and was awarded a Purple Heart and a Silver Star. He gave his life protecting fellow soldiers from deadly crossfire from insurgents. I look forward to learning more about Mr. Cable from the sponsor of the bill, Representative VISCLOSKY . I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4887. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 4887, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the Richard Allen Cable Post Office. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the author of the bill. b1545 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I thank the gentleman from Georgia, as well as the gentlewoman, for managing this legislation. I also do want to thank the chairs of the full committee and subcommittee, as well as the ranking members, for allowing this legislation to be brought up today. Mr. Speaker, I do wish to remember United States Army Specialist Richard ‘‘Dickie’’ Allen Cable for his bravery and willingness to defend his country. Specialist Cable was killed in action while defending his comrades during Operation Billings in Vietnam on June 14, 1967. It is my honor to sponsor H.R. 
4887, a bill to name the post office in Shelby, Indiana, after Specialist Cable, a hero who gave his life in service of his Nation. Dickie is survived by his mother, Grace, and a closeknit community of neighbors and friends who continue to honor his memory today through their persistent advocacy of this dedication. In particular, I would like to thank Mr. Richard Boetler, who first approached my office about dedicating the Shelby Post Office to Dickie’s memory and organized a petition signed by over 700 Shelby residents to advocate for this legislation. Additionally, I want to thank each of my colleagues in the Indiana delegation for cosponsoring this legislation. Finally, I want to thank local elected officials for their advocacy, including Indiana State Senator Rick Niemeyer, Indiana State Representative Michael Aylesworth, Cedar Creek Township Trustee Alice Dahl, Lake County Councilman Eldon Strong and, finally, Lake County Commissioner Gerry Scheub. I ask that my colleagues support H.R. 4887. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, we certainly should pass this bill to remember the incredible courage and selflessness displayed by Specialist Dickie Cable as he put the lives of others before his own. I strongly support this bill. I urge passage of H.R. 4887. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4887. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LEONARD MONTALTO POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5150) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5150 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5150, introduced by Representative DANIEL  DONOVAN , to designate the post office located in Staten Island, New York, as the Leonard Montalto Post Office Building. Leonard Montalto worked for the U.S. Postal Service in Staten Island, the community in which he grew up. Lenny, as he was known, tragically died during Hurricane Sandy when his home was flooded. I look forward to learning more about Mr. Montalto from the sponsor of the bill, Representative DONOVAN . I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the Leonard Montalto Post Office Building. Leonard Montalto served with the United States Postal Service for 31 years. He worked as a clerk in the Tottenville, New York, mail processing station, and also served as the secretarytreasurer of his local American Postal Workers Union. A dedicated father of three daughters, Lenny, as he was called, enjoyed spending his free time coaching his daughters’ travel soccer teams, hosting family gatherings, and playing his guitar. Lenny tragically passed away during Hurricane Sandy when a storm surge flooded his home, and he was unable to escape to higher ground. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate Leonard Montalto’s dedication to the Postal Service and the positive impact he had on so many members of his community. I urge the passage of H.R. 5150. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a local postal employee from the 11th Congressional District, Mr. Leonard Montalto. Lenny, as his friends called him, was a lifelong resident of Staten Island. He was a loving father and a dedicated public servant. He worked for 28 years as a clerk at the mail processing station in the Tottenville section of Staten Island. H.R. 5150 renames that postal facility after Leonard Montalto, who tragically passed away during Superstorm Sandy. Lenny was at his family’s home in Oakwood Beach during Superstorm Sandy. At the height of the storm, his basement began to flood rapidly. He became trapped inside just hours after warning his daughter to evacuate. Superstorm Sandy, sadly, took Lenny, an honest and hardworking family man. Earlier this year, my office reached out to one of Lenny’s daughters, Angela, about renaming the postal facility in her father’s honor, an idea first offered by my predecessor, former Congressman Michael Grimm. I want to thank all three of Lenny’s daughters, Angela, Nicole, and Ashley, for helping me advocate for this bill’s passage. I also want to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ , Ranking Member C UMMINGS , and the entire Oversight and Government Reform Committee for passing H.R. 5150, as well as the entire New York delegation for their strong support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, today we remember Leonard Montalto and all the men and women who tragically lost their lives during Superstorm Sandy. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5150. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on this bill, and I urge adoption of it. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5150. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ARMY FIRST LIEUTENANT DONALD C. CARWILE POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5309) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy 
Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5309 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ARMY FIRST LIEUTENANT DONALD C. CARWILE POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5309, introduced by Representative TRENT  KELLY , to designate a post office located in Oxford, Mississippi, as the Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building. First Lieutenant Carwile dedicated his life to serving the people of Mississippi and the United States. He began a career in law enforcement in Batesville and Oxford, Mississippi, before joining the U.S. Army and deploying to Afghanistan. He was killed when his vehicle struck an IED during a combat mission. I look forward to learning more about First Lieutenant Carwile from the sponsor of the bill, Representative KELLY of Mississippi. For now, I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5309, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building. Donnie Carwile, as he was called, enlisted in the Army shortly after high school, and was assigned to the 25th Division, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. Following a 3year enlistment, he returned home to dedicate himself to his family after the death of his stepmother. During that time, Donnie served as a police officer and continued his education. In 2006, Donnie reenlisted in the Army and was assigned as a platoon leader in the 101st Airborne Division. He deployed to Wardak, Afghanistan, in 2008. On August 15, 2008, First Lieutenant Carwile was killed when his vehicle struck an IED. He received the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart for his honorable service. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor First Lieutenant Donnie Carwile’s service and remember the ultimate sacrifice he made for our country. I urge passage of H.R. 5309. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. KELLY ), the sponsor of the bill and my good friend. Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled and honored today to rise in the memory of First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile, known to his family and friends as Donnie. He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. First Lieutenant Carwile gave his life in defense of this great nation on August 15, 2008, while on a combat mission in Wardak Province, Afghanistan. He and fellow soldier, Army Private First Class Paul E. Conlon, Jr., of Somerville, Massachusetts, lost their lives when their vehicle was struck by a roadside bomb and then attacked by insurgents with small arms fire and rocketpropelled grenades. No greater love has a man than to lay down his life for his friends. Donnie is survived by his wife, Jennifer, and daughters, Elizabeth Reese and Avery Claire, who were only 5 and 3 when they lost their dad. I want his daughters and wife to know that their loved one is a hero and that this grateful Nation recognizes his service. Donnie was born in Virginia, and he grew up in Lafayette County, Mississippi, where he had deep family roots. From an early age, he led a life of looking out for others. His Lafayette High School and Northwest Community College instructor, Janice Martin, told the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal in 2008: ‘‘He went out of his way to be a friend to students who weren’t as gifted as some.’’ Shortly after graduating from Lafayette High School, Donnie joined the Army in 2003. Just after September 11, 2001, he adjusted course, deciding he wanted to follow a path of law enforcement with his father, grandfather, and uncle, and so he started as a patrol officer with the Batesville Police Department, and then the Oxford Police Department. After finishing a degree in criminal justice at Ole Miss, he reenlisted in the Army in 2006 and qualified for Officer Candidate School, where he was commissioned as an infantry officer. His wife, Jennifer, shared with Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal: ‘‘He cared so much about the men in his platoon. He always said his first goal was to bring his men home, and his second, only after that, was to come home himself.’’ First Lieutenant Carwile’s awards and decorations include the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, Combat Infantryman Badge, Air Assault Badge, Parachutist Badge, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Good Conduct Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. Donnie led a life of service to family, state, and country. b1600 He is a hero, and he paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of this great Nation. I thank my colleagues in the Mississippi delegation and the 114th Congress for their support of H.R. 5309 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building. This small gesture will honor his memory and will serve as a reminder of First Lieutenant Carwile’s selfless service and sacrifice for our freedom. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5309. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ZAPATA VETERANS POST OFFICE Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5591) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5591 introduced by Representative HENRY CUELLAR to designate the post office located in Zapata, Texas, as the Zapata Veterans Post Office. Our veterans deserve to be recognized every day, and we, as a House of Representatives, express our sincerest appreciation and gratitude for their sacrifices in the name of preserving our freedoms that we enjoy as Americans. I look forward to learning more about the heroic exploits of veterans from Zapata, Texas, from the sponsor of the bill, Representative CUELLAR . Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5591, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 North US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the Zapata Veterans Post Office. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), a good friend and the author of this bill. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to say, first of all, that I rise in support of H.R. 5591, which designates the facility of the United States Postal Service in Zapata as the Zapata Veterans Post Office. I would like to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UMMINGS for their leadership and their support in this bill and, of course, the staff on both the majority and the minority. I especially want to thank also the chairman, the managing Member from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) for his kind words to the veterans in Zapata, and also my friend, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON )—both of them for their leadership. I thank them so much for the work that they have done. Zapata County is home to 503 veterans, according to our U.S. Census. It is imperative that we honor the service and dedication of those veterans in Zapata to our Nation. Dedicating this post office in Zapata to the Zapata veterans will serve as a constant reminder of the sacrifice that our friends, our neighbors, and our families have made while serving our country. Today, I particularly want to acknowledge the sacrifice of those veterans in Zapata County. These are veterans who put country ahead of self for whom I am proud to recognize in dedicating the Zapata postal facility in their name. As an example of some of the heroic actions of some of the veterans of Zapata, let me mention the six Trevino brothers: Teodoro, Leopoldo, Antonio, Anselmo, Filberto, Jr., and Jose Manuel, who served honorably for a combined 15
1⁄2years in our armed services during World War II before they returned home to Zapata. Despite the many hardships that these brothers faced, six of them were able to overcome whatever obstacle was put before them. Among their many acts of bravery, they fearlessly took down enemy planes and protected fellow soldiers using their bodies as shields. Their courage and dedication to our Nation—those six brothers and the other veterans who we have in Zapata—demonstrate what it really means to be an American. They are, again, just an example of many of the veterans who have made countless sacrifices for their country in the face of danger. I also would like to thank the Veterans’ Service Office in Zapata for their work in providing care to the veterans in Zapata. Again, they are only one of many local organizations. Again, using the words of President John F. Kennedy: ‘‘As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.’’ This bill allows us to show our appreciation and make sure that their service and the sacrifice to our country is not forgotten. So, again, I want to thank, Mr. Speaker, both the chairman and the ranking member, Ms. NORTON and Mr. JODYB. H ICE, and, of course, the staff that has worked so hard. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want only to conclude by requesting that the House pass this bill and name the post office in Zapata, Texas, to commemorate the men and women whose brave acts and selfless deeds have preserved our American freedom. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 5591. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the work of the gentleman from Texas. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5591. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
OFFICER JOSEPH P. CALI POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5676) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5676 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. OFFICER JOSEPH P. CALI POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5676, introduced by Representative QUIGLEY , to designate a post office in Chicago, Illinois, as the Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building. Officer Cali capably served the United States in Vietnam before becoming a police officer in Chicago. 
Tragically, he was murdered by a sniper while on the job in May of 1975. The city of Chicago has honored his legacy by dedicating the street on which he lived to his service. I look forward to learning more about Officer Cali from the sponsor of the bill, Mr. QUIGLEY . Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support H.R. 5676, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ), a good friend, the author of this legislation, and a member of the committee. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, today, I come before you in strong support of H.R. 5676 to designate the post office located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building. It is with great honor that I seek to designate this postal facility in my district in the memory of Officer Cali, a hero who dedicated his life to protecting the people of Chicago. Before joining the force in 1973, Officer Cali enlisted in the United States Army and valiantly served our country in Vietnam. After returning from Vietnam, Officer Cali continued his service to his country and community by joining the Chicago police force. In just 2 years as an officer, Officer Cali received five honorable mention awards and two letters of commendation—a remarkable accomplishment in such a short period of time. While working on his day off in May of 1975, Officer Cali was tragically murdered by a sniper during a routine traffic stop. He was only 31 years old when he was tragically killed. He is survived by his wife, Neva, and two young daughters, Jennifer and Carolyn. Officer Cali’s incredible effort to serve and protect the people of Chicago with humility and perseverance will always be remembered. I hope that this post office can stand in Officer Cali’s name to memorialize his courage and his dedication to the city of Chicago and his country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow colleagues to support this bill to honor his memory and his sacrifice. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want only to endorse the remarks of my good friend, Mr. QUIGLEY , and to indicate we should pass this bill to memorialize Officer Cali and inspire others through his legacy of respect, kindness, and community service. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Representative QUIGLEY for his fine work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5676. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SEGUNDO T. SABLAN AND CNMI FALLEN MILITARY HEROES POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5889) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5889 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SEGUNDO T. SABLAN AND CNMI FALLEN MILITARY HEROES POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5889, introduced by Delegate SABLAN , to designate the post office located in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building. Segundo Sablan assisted U.S. forces during World War II as they fought to take control of the island of Saipan from the Japanese. b1615 After the war ended, Mr. Sablan was appointed by the Navy to handle postal services for the Northern Mariana Islands. He was named the first postmaster for Saipan soon after. I look forward to learning more about Segundo Sablan from the sponsor of the bill, Representative GREGORIO SABLAN . I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5889, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ), the author of this bill. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5889, a bill to designate the United States postal facility located in Chalan Kanoa, Saipan, the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building. The bill recognizes Mr. Sablan, the first Chamorro and native of Saipan appointed a U.S. postmaster. The bill also honors the Northern Marianas servicemen and women who lost their lives while serving our great country during this war on terrorism. Segundo Tudela Sablan, fondly known as Tun Segundo, was born on May 27, 1919, on Saipan. Shortly after the United States victory over the Japanese in the Battle of Saipan during World War II, Tun Segundo was among a small group of Chamorros and Carolinians, the indigenous people of the Northern Marianas, selected by the U.S. military to serve as Marine Scouts for the 6th Provisional Police Military Battalion. His knowledge of the terrain and fluency in the Japanese language made him ideally suited for the task of searching the island’s caves and jungles for Japanese holdouts responsible for sniper and grenade attacks on American soldiers. In 1951, Tun Segundo was appointed the first United States postmaster for Saipan by the United States Navy, which, at the time, had administrative responsibility for the Northern Marianas under the United States Trusteeship Agreement, known as the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. A dedicated postmaster, he twice used his home for postal operations after typhoons destroyed the post office building and often neglected his farm and livestock to ensure families received their mail. A crippling back injury sustained during the war eventually made 
it impossible for him to carry out the physical tasks required of the job. He resigned as postmaster in 1961. The post office name will also serve as a tribute to our fallen Northern Marianas sons and daughters. The people of the Northern Marianas have a proud history of military service that began long before we were officially part of the United States and continues to this day. We lost 20 young men and women to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan alone. I hope that knowing their service and sacrifice will never be forgotten brings a measure of comfort to their families and friends. I am grateful to Chairman CHAFFETZ  and Ranking Member CUMMINGS and their staff on the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for their work and moving this through the process. I am equally grateful to the gentleman from Florida and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for their time and effort in managing today’s bill. I offer special thanks to the family of Tun Segundo, who provided much information about the life of this leader, their father, for their support of this legislation. I also want to thank the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Saipan Post 3457, especially Post Commander Michael O’Kelley; Senior Vice Commander Matias Chargualaf; and Departmental Quartermaster Peter Callaghan for their endorsement. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill in memory of Segundo Sablan, his heroic actions during World War II, and his dedicated career in the United States Postal Service. I urge the passage of H.R. 5889. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I, likewise, urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5889. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
E. MARIE YOUNGBLOOD POST OFFICE Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5356) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5356 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5356, introduced by Representative KEVIN BRADY , to designate a post office located in Coldspring, Texas, as the E. Marie Youngblood Post Office. Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood worked as a rural letter carrier for the U.S. Postal Service in southeast Texas. Mrs. Youngblood’s life was tragically cut short while serving her community by delivering mail on May 17, 2013. I look forward to learning more about Mrs. Youngblood from the sponsor of the bill, Representative BRADY . For now, I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support H.R. 5356, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the E. Marie Youngblood Post Office. Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood served as a rural letter carrier and worked tirelessly to deliver mail to southeast Texans who would have otherwise had to travel many miles. She was well known and loved on her route for her friendly nature and willingness to go out of her way to serve others. Tragically, Marie was shot and killed while on her mail route on May 17, 2013, leaving behind a husband, two sons, and two grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to remember Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood and celebrate the lives she touched through her loving actions and committed service to the community and to the United States Postal Service. I urge the passage of H.R. 5356. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the sponsor of the bill, a good friend and great leader around here. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to tell you about an amazing constituent of mine and my legislation to name the Coldspring, Texas, Post Office in her honor. A native Texan, Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood was born in Houston in 1961. But big city life was not for Marie. When her family moved to Shepherd when she was in junior high, she found her calling in small town Texas life. While in Shepherd, Marie fell in love with George, the man who would become her husband. Together, Marie and George raised two wonderful sons, George Jr. and Mark, who were blessed with children of their own. Marie relished being a grandmother and made a point to spend every moment she could with her grandchildren, Kimara and Luke. Throughout her life, it was Marie’s loving, nurturing personality that drew people to her. Whether she was helping clients working at the local bank, serving hungry customers soul food at one of her two Marie’s Diners, or delivering the mail on her rural mail route, she always put others first. Her devotion to Pleasant Valley Baptist Church and her community was limitless, as was her deep and abiding faith in the Lord. Through her dedication to the people around her, Marie chose to serve as a rural letter carrier. Every day, she loaded her specialized Jeep with letters and packages for Texans who otherwise would have had to travel many miles just for their mail. Marie was so well known on her route, her customers often stopped her just to chat as she made her deliveries. Tragically, it was on this route she loved and where she was loved that her life was cut short. On May 17, 2013, this beloved daughter, mother, and grandmother was killed in a senseless act of violence while she was simply doing her job. Justice has not yet been served, but it is important that Marie’s life, not her death, define her legacy. While Marie may be gone, her legacy lives on through the lives she touched: both of Marie’s sons work for the Postal Service, and her loving husband George visits her grave each and every day to keep the flowers fresh and grave site pristine. While she has entered the kingdom of Heaven, her legacy of service before self lives on. My legislation, H.R. 5356, supported by the entire Texas delegation, cements that legacy by naming the post office in Coldspring, Texas, in her honor. I cannot think of a more fitting way of honoring Marie’s life. 
I humbly ask my colleagues to support naming the Coldspring, Texas, Post Office for this public servant who was taken from us far too soon. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ). We all, likewise, hope that justice will be served quickly. I thank him for his leadership. I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5356. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ABNER J. MIKVA POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5798) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5798 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5798, introduced by Representative SCHAKOWSKY , to designate a post office located in Evanston, Illinois, as the Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building. The Honorable Abner Mikva dedicated his life to public service. He served in all three branches of the Federal Government, serving in the U.S. House of Representatives, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, and in the White House as counsel to President Bill Clinton. I look forward to learning more about the Honorable Abner Mikva from the sponsor of the bill, Representative SCHAKOWSKY . I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to support H.R. 5798, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building. I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), the author of this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding, and I thank my colleague across the aisle for his support of this legislation. I also thank all of my colleagues in the Illinois delegation for cosponsoring this legislation to name a post office for Abner J. Mikva. Ab, as my colleague mentioned, is one of the few Americans to hold the distinction of serving in all three branches of the Federal Government. When Abner Mikva was a young man, he went to the office of a Chicago ward committeeman and asked to volunteer. His offer was rebuffed with the remark: ‘‘We don’t want nobody nobody sent.’’ Unswayed, Abner Mikva devoted his life to public service and to politics. Abner Mikva was born in 1926 in Milwaukee. He enrolled in the Army Air Corps in 1944 and served as a navigator in the Army Air Corps during World War II. In 1951, he received a law degree from the University of Chicago and, after graduation, served as a clerk to Associate Justice Sherman Minton on the Supreme Court. In 1956, Abner Mikva was elected to the Illinois General Assembly, where he served for five consecutive terms. He was then elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1968, where he represented the south side, Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago. That is Barack Obama’s neighborhood. After redistricting in 1971, Abner Mikva moved to Evanston. In 1974, he won the election to represent Illinois’ 10th Congressional District, which was based, at that time, in Evanston, my hometown. Abner Mikva was elected in three consecutive elections to represent the people of Evanston and the surrounding north shore communities in the United States House. His campaigns were notable for their involvement of thousands of young people in his robust grassroots election efforts. Eighteenyearolds had recently been granted the constitutional right to vote, and he had recruited and enlisted many of them. Many of these young people became effective political organizers, transforming the nature of political campaigns over the last four decades. Abner Mikva was nominated in his third term as an appointee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, where he served alongside Jurists Clarence Thomas, Antonin Scalia, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. During his final 4 years on the D.C. Circuit Court, Abner Mikva served as chief judge. He was then selected by President Bill Clinton in 1994 to be White House Counsel. After a year as White House Counsel, Abner Mikva returned to the Chicago area and taught at Northwestern University in Evanston. In 1997, Abner Mikva and his beloved wife and partner, Zoe, started what they called the Mikva Challenge—his effort to engage young people in civic leadership. Each year, the Mikva Challenge engages 7,000 young people—students—in programs across the Chicagoland area. These are high school kids. Students volunteer on the campaigns of both parties, serve as election judges, intern in legislative offices, and learn how to be effective advocates on issues they care the most about. In 2014, President Obama recognized Abner Mikva’s service to this country with the Presidential Medal of Freedom—our highest civilian honor. When honoring Abner Mikva, President Obama said: ‘‘Ab transcends any single moment in recent political history, but he had a hand in shaping some of the best of it.’’ Abner Mikva said that receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom from his friend Barack Obama was ‘‘the greatest thing that ever happened to me.’’ Abner Mikva remains a revered fighter in Illinois and a favorite son of Evanston’s—remembered for his enduring wit, humanity, and the ongoing legacy of the Mikva Challenge. Let me just say, personally, on July 4, 2016, while America lost a great patriot, I also lost a very precious friend and mentor. I am so happy that we are going to pay an appropriate tribute to his great memory and his legacy. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I endorse the words of the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), and I urge the passage of H.R. 5798, a bill to honor the legacy of Abner Mikva and to commemorate his exemplary life of public service across all branches of our Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY 
B. H ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5798. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EMERGENCY CITRUS DISEASE RESPONSE ACT OF 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3957) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow expensing of certain costs of replanting citrus plants lost by reason of casualty, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3957 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emergency Citrus Disease Response Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3957, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill makes a slight change to the existing law in order to help struggling farmers. The U.S. citrus industry faces a grave threat from an incurable bacterial disease called citrus greening. While not harmful to humans, it results in bitter, hard, misshapen fruit and eventually causes trees to die. The disease arrived in Florida in 2005 and has since infected 99 percent of the commercial citrus groves in my State as well as 50 percent of the groves in Texas. Greening has begun to march across the country and has been found in California, Louisiana, South Carolina, and Georgia. Once infected, trees must be uprooted and destroyed. Replacing citrus trees is costly, but farmers have no choice as they must replant in order to earn a living. This disease has put 62,000 citrus jobs at risk in my State alone. The Tax Code currently allows farmers to fully deduct the cost of replanting trees that are damaged by drought, disease, or pests; but the current rule has a significant limitation: in order to get the deduction, the farmers must bear the costs of replanting the trees themselves. My bill would let farmers bring in investors to help underwrite replanting costs without losing the immediate deduction; and, to ensure that farmers keep working their land, my bill requires them to maintain at least a 50 percent interest in their groves in order to use this deduction. This commonsense, limited change to an existing provision in the Tax Code has broad, bipartisan support. In fact, every member of the Florida delegation, which is about 29 members— Democrats and Republicans alike—support this proposal. Citrus growers in Florida, Texas, and California have all come out in support of the bill for one simple reason: nationwide, nearly 20 million trees will need to be replaced due to greening. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. There is no doubt the citrus industry is facing an emergency. A disease, referred to as ‘‘greening,’’ is rapidly spreading among citrus crops, including oranges, tangerines, grapefruits, lemons, and limes. To date, Florida orange growers have been hard hit by this disease and have been forced to abandon more than 100,000 acres of groves. It takes about 2 years for the disease to fully manifest itself; therefore, citrus crops in Texas and in California are also at risk. This bill would expand an exception that allows for the immediate expensing of replanting costs when crops are destroyed by this disease. Under current law, minority investors only are allowed to immediately expense costs incurred for replanting when, one, the grower who incurred the loss or damage keeps a more than 50 percent interest in the property and, second, when the minority investor materially participates in the planting, maintenance, cultivation, or development of the property. Under this bill, minority investors also would be able to immediately expense costs incurred for replanting if, one, the grower has an equity interest of not less than 50 percent in the replanted citrus plants, and the minority investor holds the remaining interest or, two, if the minority investor acquires all of the taxpayer’s land on which the lost or damaged citrus plants were located, and the replanting is on such land. This bill would not require minority investors to materially participate in the planting and growing, thus making it more appealing for investors. At a cost of $30 million over 10 years, this bill takes a modest step in helping the citrus industry attract investors and muchneeded capital to fight this devastating disease. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to pass this bill so that struggling farmers can have the flexibility to use the existing provisions of the Tax Code in a more ownershiptype structure. Without this change, we run the risk of losing tens of thousands of jobs. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3957, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EXPANDING SENIORS RECEIVING DIALYSIS CHOICE ACT OF 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5659) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to expanding Medicare Advantage coverage for individuals with endstage renal disease (ESRD), as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5659 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Seniors Receiving Dialysis Choice Act of 2016’’ or as the ‘‘ESRD Choice Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. b1645 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5659, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of H.R. 5659, the ESRD Choice Act, and thank the Speaker for taking this effort up today on the floor. This bipartisan legislation expands access to highquality, affordable healthcare coverage options for Americans suffering from serious kidney illness. Endstage renal disease, or ESRD, is the only preexisting condition that explicitly prevents patients from enrolling in Medicare Advantage. This bill removes a harmful Federal restriction that has, for too long, blocked patients with ESRD from enrolling in Medicare Advantage plans. The question is: Why should kidney disease patients be denied a choice all other Medicare beneficiaries have? The short answer is: They shouldn’t. These patients should have the same option to choose Medicare Advantage. Once this bill is passed and signed into law, my colleagues and I will be constantly watching the bureaucrats at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to make sure they fulfill their responsibilities to properly risk adjust payments to plans in an accurate and transparent manner. The bill requires a report of the effects of this legislation on risk adjustment, and I will be watching to make sure they get it right. I also want to recognize the hard work that went into this bill and specifically thank Mr. LEWIS, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. M ARINO , as well as the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce for the hard work to remove the last preexisting conditions in Medicare Advantage. The benefits of Medicare Advantage should be extended to all ESRD patients. It is right thing to do, and now is the time to get it done. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, more than 80 percent of the approximately 640,000 Americans living with kidney failure, or endstage renal disease, are covered under Medicare. Unfortunately, those individuals who receive Medicare coverage as a result of their ESRD do not have access to managed care plans under the Medicare Advantage program. This bill would make a commonsense change and enable Medicare beneficiaries with ESRD to have the same choices as all other Medicare beneficiaries. H.R. 5659 would help make sure ESRD beneficiaries in Medicare have access to the coordinated services, flexibility, and integrated care they need to fit their own individual needs. I want to thank my fellow colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS), for his dedication and his hard work over the past years on this important bipartisan legislation. I look forward to it advancing swiftly to the President’s desk to be signed into law. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The legislation expands access to a program that has improved millions of lives. This is just one of the bipartisan solutions Americans deserve, and these are the types of solutions I hope to continue working with the chairman and my colleagues in delivering as we work to improve our healthcare system. Dozens of folks back home in southeast and south central Missouri have contacted me with their support for this bill. Do you know what they tell me? They want a choice. I am pleased that the House is acting on our bill today since it follows one of our core principles as we look at health care, increasing patients’ options and control over their care. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5659, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CONTINUING ACCESS TO HOSPITALS ACT OF 2016 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5613) to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Access to Hospitals Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘CAH Act of 2016’’. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (established under section 1805 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–6)) shall submit to Congress a report analyzing the effect of the extension of the enforcement instruction under section 1 of Public Law 113–198, as amended by section 1 of Public Law 114–112 and section 2 of this Act, on the access to health care by Medicare beneficiaries, on the economic impact and the impact upon hospital staffing needs, and on the quality of health care furnished to such beneficiaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Kansas. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on H.R. 5613, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5613, the Continuing Access to Hospitals Act of 2016, a policy this Congress has passed unanimously in 2014 and 2015. Every year across Kansas, hospitals in rural communities must wait to see if they will have to comply with a burdensome Federal regulation that makes caring for patients more difficult, while providing no additional benefits. Back in January 2014, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services began enforcing a requirement that physicians must supervise outpatient therapeutic services at critical access hospitals and other small rural hospitals. This meant that routine outpatient therapeutic procedures, such as the application of a splint to a finger or a demonstration of how to use a nebulizer, had to be directly supervised by a physician. Thankfully, Congress passed an extension of a moratorium on that supervision requirement in 2014 and again in 2015. Here we are again today to try to give a little bit of certainty to these very important rural and critical access hospitals. There are over 1,300 critical access hospitals that serve rural Americans in nearly every State, and these facilities simply lack the resources to fulfill this burdensome mandate. Before 2014, physicians at rural hospitals were not required to directly supervise these types of outpatient therapeutic services, and asking them to do so now, after unanimously passing identical extensions the past 2 years, will only jeopardize access to care. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5613, the Continuing Access to Hospitals Act. I am pleased the House is considering this bipartisan legislation, which I introduced with Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Many of Iowa’s rural hospitals, just like the rural hospitals in Kansas and other parts of America, are struggling in these economic times. I have made it a point to visit all of the hospitals in my district on many occasions in order to hear directly from them about the issues they are facing and how I, as their Congressman, can help. I have seen firsthand that rural hospitals are bedrocks of their communities, providing more than just high quality, local access to health care. Rural hospitals also stimulate the local economy, creating jobs in the hospital and in the larger community. Without quality local health care, lives and communities are lost. One issue I consistently hear about is the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ rule strictly requiring direct supervision of outpatient therapeutic services. The enforcement of this rule will cause rural facilities to reduce therapy services, threatening access to needed procedures for rural Americans. That is why I was proud that, last year, the legislation that Congresswoman JENKINS and I introduced to continue the prohibition on CMS from enforcing the unreasonable supervision requirements for 2015 was signed into law. That bill, however, was only a fix for 2015, as Congresswoman JENKINS  pointed out. I am committed to making sure this is also solved in 2016, as well as working toward a permanent fix to provide certainty for our critical access hospitals, again, not just in Iowa or Kansas, but around the country. The services covered by this legislation have always been provided by licensed, skilled professionals under the overall direction of a physician and with the assurance of rapid assistance from a team of caregivers, including a physician. While there is some need for direct supervision for certain outpatient services that pose a high risk or are very complex, CMS’ policy generally applies to even the lowest risk services. This legislation will provide temporary relief that will go far in relieving the regulatory burden of direct supervision of outpatient therapeutic services for rural hospitals. This legislation, fittingly, protects hospitals that were providing and are providing quality, responsible care during the period in question. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill today. Again, I thank Congresswoman JENKINS. We have worked together on this now for a couple of years. I think it proves that, if folks from both parties put their heads together and offer commonsense legislation, we can get it passed. Most importantly, it proves that we can help our local hospitals and folks who live in these rural areas who need that access to those local hospitals. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH), an esteemed member of the House Ways and Means Committee. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5613 to once again delay enforcement of supervision requirements on critical access hospitals. It has unfortunately become an annual ritual for us to pass legislation to block this arbitrary regulation which requires a physician to be onsite and present for the administration of most procedures, no matter how basic. As a condition of participation in the critical access program, a facility must have 25 or fewer beds, be distant from the next closest hospital, and have a physician on call and available within 
30 minutes. The individuals who practice at these facilities, including doctors, nurses, physician’s assistants, and nurse practitioners, have a very strong understanding of what care can be safely provided in their critical access setting and which cases should be transferred to a larger facility. However, CMS’ efforts to accommodate the concerns of rural providers hasn’t been to empower these professionals, but to create a limited list of procedures which can be done without a physician onsite. For this reason, I appreciate the chairman and the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) for working with me to incorporate language into this bill, which requires MedPAC to report on the economic and staffing impacts of these regulations on rural hospitals. Based on discussions I have had with hospitals across Nebraska’s Third District, I expect MedPAC’s findings will make a strong case for repealing this regulation outright. I urge passage of this bill, which is vital to communities across rural America. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH). We came into Congress at the same time, and it is great we can work on this bill together. It is a commonsense bill. Again, in Iowa, we have over 80 critical access hospitals. The gentleman pointed out the importance that these are small hospitals, 25 or fewer beds. Their resources are limited. I thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) for supporting this bill. I really appreciate it. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Congressman LOEBSACK and I worked together to introduce this measure, once again, in a bipartisan fashion. I, too, want to thank him for understanding the problem rural doctors face with this supervision mandate and for his willingness to work with me to introduce this bill. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass this measure, once again, unanimously, so that we can provide the rural doctors of this country with a little more certainty and take away the threat of an unnecessary burden. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5613, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. b1700 SOCIAL SECURITY MUST AVERT IDENTITY LOSS (MAIL) ACT OF 2016 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5320) to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5320 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BROOKS of Alabama). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to review and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5320, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise as chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means Subcommittee on Social Security in support of the Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss Act of 2016, also known as the Social Security MAIL Act legislation. It is legislation that I introduced along with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. Speaker, Social Security makes a point of telling Americans how important it is to protect their Social Security numbers. Time and time again, Americans are warned to protect their Social Security cards in order to avoid identity theft. For years I have been calling for ending the use of Social Security numbers unless it is absolutely necessary. Unfortunately, while some progress has been made, the Social Security Administration still includes Social Security numbers on some documents it mails. Just last year, Social Security sent out more than 233 million letters that included full Social Security numbers. This needs to stop and now. The bill requires Social Security to either remove Social Security numbers from mailings or explain why including a Social Security number is necessary. This commonsense legislation is supported by AARP and the Association of Mature American Citizens. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD their letters of support. 
AARP, July 13, 2016. Hon. SAMJOHNSON , Chairman, House Subcommittee on Social Security. DEAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON : AARP supports H.R.5320, the Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016, which would protect Social Security numbers (SSNs) from inappropriate public disclosure. AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, nationwide organization that helps people turn their goals and dreams into real possibilities, strengthens communities and fights for the issues that matter most to families such as healthcare, employment and income security, retirement planning, affordable utilities and protection from financial abuse. Social Security is the primary source of retirement and disability income for 60 million Americans. Personal information about Social Security benefits, such as Social Security numbers (SSNs), is critical financial information and must be afforded the highest level of privacy protection. H.R.5320 would ensure that Social Security numbers (SSNs) are protected by making clear the Social Security Administration may not include a full Social Security account number on any document sent by mail unless the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration determines that such inclusion is necessary. AARP has a longstanding public policy position on Social Security privacy that companies, government agencies, and individuals should not be allowed to post or publicly display SSNs, print them on cards, transmit them over the internet, or send them by mail without safety measures. We appreciate your recognition of the important need to protect personal Social Security information and efforts to urge Congress to make this needed change in the law. Because of Social Security, millions of Americans and their families are able to live 
their lives with dignity and independence. We look forward to continuing to work with you to ensure that all aspects of the Social Security program remain strong for future generations of American workers and their families. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me. Sincerely, JOYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
AMAC, June 30, 2016. Hon. SAMJOHNSON , Chairman, Social Security Subcommittee, House Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Hon. JIMRENACCI , 16th District, Ohio, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON AND CONGRESS MAN RENACCI : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of AMAC, the Association of Mature American Citizens, I am writing in strong support of the H.R. 5320, the Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss Act of 2016, or the Social Security MAIL Act of 2016. This important piece of legislation seeks to protect Social Security beneficiaries from runaway identity theft that has become all too common for senior citizens. As identity theft becomes more and more rampant across the country, this timely bill offers a smart, sensible solution to a problem millions of seniors face annually. Last year, the Social Security Administration (SSA) sent 352 million notices by mail— including 233 million notices containing an individual’s full Social Security number. With such massive amounts of mail being delivered with unnecessary and identitycompromising information, there are several opportunities for criminals to steal an individual’s identity. In fact, in 2014, it is estimated that roughly 7% of the population over the age of 16 were victims of identity theft. As the world gets smaller, and as more criminals see opportunities to steal identities in any way they can, H.R. 5320 offers a commonsense solution to Social Security beneficiaries who are unknowingly being put at risk by the unnecessary use of their Social Security number. The Social Security MAIL Act of 2016 is as simple as it is smart. The bill mandates that the SSA ensure no piece of mail being sent to an individual includes that individual’s complete Social Security account number— unless it is absolutely necessary. As rates of identity theft continue to go up, Congress must take action to prevent making identity theft easier for opportunistic criminals. A bill like H.R. 5320 is long overdue, and we encourage House leadership to act on behalf of Social Security beneficiaries and take swift action to enact this bill. As an organization committed to representing the interests of mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citizens’ interests are protected. We applaud Chairman Johnson, Congressman Renacci, and your attentive staffs for your thoughtful and practical solution to protect seniors from identity theft. AMAC is pleased to offer our organization’s full support to the Social Security MAIL Act of 2016. Sincerely, DANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans rightly expect that the Social Security Administration keeps their personal information safe. This bill makes sure Social Security doesn’t include a Social Security number in documents it mails unless it is absolutely necessary. It is a commonsense solution to a problem that shouldn’t exist in the first place. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members in the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass the Social Security MAIL Act today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill codifies current practice at the Social Security Administration, which is to remove Social Security numbers from its letters and notices in order to reduce the risk of identity theft. It is important to note that SSA is ahead of the game on these efforts. It has not included Social Security numbers on statements since 2001. Checks have not contained Social Security numbers since 2004, and the annual COLA notice no longer contains full Social Security numbers. This bill before us also requires SSA to report to Congress twice each year for the next 6 years on its progress toward removing Social Security numbers from all mail documents. I am glad that SSA has already taken important steps to protect Americans’ identities, and I commend SSA for the high value it places on protecting Americans’ private information. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman JOHNSON for his leadership on the Subcommittee on Social Security and for his leadership on this legislation. Identity theft is an issue that has become all too prevalent in recent years. In fact, the Federal Trade Commission received over 490,000 identity theft complaints in 2015. This represents a 47 percent increase compared to 2014. As a personal victim of identity theft, I understand the frustration, fear, and sense of helplessness of having your identity stolen. I also understand the worry that victims have that someone will use their identity to file other fraudulent claims. The Federal Government and Federal agencies have a responsibility to carefully protect every American’s identifying information. That is why I was stunned to learn that the Social Security Administration provided a full Social Security number on over 230 million documents that it sent out in 2015. This represents 66 percent of all mailings. The volume of documents that contain Americans’ full Social Security number puts Americans unnecessarily at risk of having their identity stolen. In fact, in a recent report, the inspector general of the Social Security Administration stated that the ‘‘more SSNs are unnecessarily used, the higher the probability they may be used inappropriately.’’ This led the inspector general to recommend that the SSA should take steps to remove Social Security numbers from documents and that the Social Security Administration should be at the forefront of limiting the use of full Social Security numbers. Our legislation helps address this problem. H.R. 5320 simply directs the Social Security Administration to remove full Social Security numbers from mailings when they simply are not needed. To northeast Ohioans, this is just common sense. Also, this bill will ensure Congress provides the proper amount of oversight over the Social Security Administration, requiring the administration to justify the continued use of full Social Security numbers on mailed documents. All Americans should have the confidence in knowing that the Social Security Administration is doing everything within its power to protect Social Security numbers. I urge all Members to support this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I am prepared to close my remarks. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge all Members of the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass the Social Security MAIL Act today so the Senate can take action soon and the President can sign it into law without delay. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM JOHNSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5320, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
UNITED STATES APPRECIATION FOR OLYMPIANS AND PARALYMPIANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5946) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5946 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5946, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, every 2 years, young men and women travel around the world to represent the United States at the Olympic and Paralympic Games. These truly gifted athletes have dedicated their lives to training for the opportunity to compete on the world’s greatest stage and represent our country, often with little financial help. The vast majority of these athletes do not have endorsement deals and sponsorships. Instead, they often work fulltime jobs while training or are fulltime students, like Olivia Smoliga, born in Glenview, Illinois, who won gold in the 4x100 medley relay, while also studying as a student at the University of Georgia. Over the years there have been a number of athletes who have struggled just to get by while training to represent our Nation. Olympians like Sarah Robles, who is now the highest ranked U.S. weightlifter, while training for the 2012 London Olympics, she lived in near poverty on just $400 a month. Sarah continued to focus on her training, and this past summer in Rio, she stood triumphantly on the Olympic podium, earning a bronze medal for the United States. And Paralympians like archery champion and world record holder Matt Stutzman, who picked up hunting to help feed his family while he was unemployed and having difficulty paying the rent. These are just a couple of examples, but they are indicative of the hardships and sacrifices faced by many U.S. Olympians as they train for the opportunity to represent our country at the Olympics. These men and women are the embodiment of the Olympic spirit. Upon their return from the games, our Olympians are met with praise and admiration. However, for those who win a medal, they are also met with a tax bill from the IRS. Not only do our Olympians owe the Federal Government tax revenue based on the value of their Olympic medal, but they also owe a cut of their prize winnings provided by the United States Olympic Committee. This tax on success, Mr. Speaker, is a disservice to the great athletes who compete for the United States. That is why I introduced, with Congressman BLAKE FARENTHOLD , the United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act. This legislation will eliminate the tax that the IRS imposes on both Olympic and Paralympic winnings by declaring that any medal value or prize money that is awarded by the United States Olympic Committee to our medalists not be counted in gross income. Under current law, there are a number of awards and prizes that are exempted from being counted as gross income by the IRS, which are similar to this very exemption. Additionally, I know there are concerns that individual athletes who have acted in a manner that is unbecoming of the Olympic spirit could benefit from this proposal. In those instances, there is precedent—as recently as this year— where the United States Olympic Committee determines that the athlete must forfeit receiving any prize winnings. This ensures that this tax exemption only applies to those athletes who uphold the Olympic spirit and their ideals. Finally, this bill before us today includes a commonsense amendment offered during the committee markup by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), my good friend, which makes sure that the proposal only applies to our Olympic athletes with a gross income below $1 million that year. b1715 Our Olympic and Paralympic athletes deserve a catalyst to bring this Nation together every 2 years. I am asking my colleagues to join me in showing our appreciation for the hard work and dedication of our Olympians and Paralympians by supporting this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the main sponsor of the bill, Congressman DOLDfrom Illinois. I think it is very thoughtful legislation. Our Olympic athletes have worked and trained tirelessly to represent the greatest country in the world on the world stage. They have won contests in athletics, and they have won our hearts and minds. We know that time spent in training and in competitions requires enormous sacrifices from the athletes and their families. We are proud of our Olympians. I appreciate the spirit of this legislation. We do not want to hit our athletes with a tax bill when they return home. That is a wonderful thank you. That is why I will support this legislation today. I am confident and very happy to support this legislation. It does include the amendment that the sponsor of the bill just mentioned, put forth in the Ways and Means Committee, to limit tax exclusion to those Olympians making less than $1 million a year. Some of these athletes win not only medals but lucrative endorsements. Michael Phelps is worth an estimated $50 million to $60 million. NBA players like Kevin Durant make an estimated $56 million in 1 year. In fact, Forbes reports that the 12 members of the U.S. basketball team earned a collective $257 million in salaries and endorsements over the past year. God bless them. But a cash prize for winning a competition is income, and there are many professions in the United States—and I think the sponsor would agree—that are valuable that we do not exempt from income taxes: teaching children with special needs, taking care of cancer patients, or taking care of our police and firefighters. My colleague, JOHN LARSON , introduced an amendment to allow volunteer firefighters to exclude from taxes nominal benefits they receive in their communities. These are ideas that merit our consideration, and there are many individuals worth honoring in our society. This legislation honors our Olympic athletes, while making sure our highestpaid professional sports stars continue to pay their fair share. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ), my good friend who has also done a lot of work in preparing this legislation. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, our taxes in this country are too high and too complicated. We need a fairer, flatter, simpler tax system, but there is a lot of work to be done on that. I know my friend, the gentleman from Illinois in the Ways and Means Committee, and Chairman BRADY from Texas are all working on that. But we do have a situation where many of our Olympic athletes work hard for years— 
some of whom are living at or below poverty—and when they bring home the gold, silver, or bronze to our country, they are tagged by the IRS with very high taxes. This bill is a small step and a small way that we can say thank you for the hard work those athletes put in to make us all proud as Americans. I do think the bill does great service to our athletes, but it should also serve as a reminder that we need to be looking at the bigger tax system in this country as a whole. As my colleague on the other side of the aisle said, there are a many great people doing many great things in this country who suffer a very, very high tax burden. I pledge to work with my friends and colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee toward that end, but I am happy we are making this small step forward—something I have been fighting for for several years. I thank the committee for their hard work on it, and I look forward to joining, hopefully, all of my colleagues in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Some people say that we don’t win anymore. I would like to remind those people that the United States won 105 total medals in Rio. Thirtyeight of them were gold. To those who say America doesn’t win anymore, we could cite many, many other examples, of course. Our Olympic athletes make us proud. New Jersey’s own Laurie Hernandez wowed us with her strength and agility in the gymnastics competition. Soccer star Carli Lloyd and rower Lauren Schmetterling made New Jersey proud, as did Hobokenborn track star Keturah Orji, not to mention a former intern from my office, Caylee Watson, who competed for the U.S. Virgin Islands in the backstroke swimming competition. You can’t make this stuff up. This is great. They are just a few of the incredible athletes who inspired us this summer in Rio. We should do all what we can to honor these Olympians with our gratitude and our admiration. Again, I salute the sponsor. This bill recognizes the tremendous sacrifice of time and resources in Olympic athletes’ training, while also preventing another tax cut for wealthy individuals who don’t need it. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) not only for his thoughtfulness in this bill, which is a commonsense piece of legislation, but actually for his amendment, which I think strengthens the bill. Mr. Speaker, millions of young people around the world look at the Olympic games and dream of someday becoming an athlete and representing their Nation. We are extremely proud of our Olympians and Paralympians. We want to reward them for the hard work and sacrifice they have put day in and day out. This piece of legislation, again, I think, goes one step in that direction. This is not a bill to reward the Kevin Durants or the Michael Phelpses of the world, but it is a bill to say thank you to our Olympians for representing our country so well. Thank you for putting in the time, the effort, and the energy to train as hard as you are to do so well on the world stage. I want to thank LINDA SA´NCHEZ and MIKETHOMPSON who also were cosponsors of this legislation. I sincerely hope that we can get colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5946, the ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act.’’ H.R. 5946 would amend the Internal Revenue Code to exclude the value of any medal or prize money that an Athlete may win competing in the Olympic and Paralympic games. I support this legislation because it would allow athletes to keep more of the hard earned prize money that they rightly deserve from the coveted and honorable medals won during the Olympics and Paralympics. The ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act’’ is a thoughtful and necessary bill that will assist those who represent our nation in athletic competition. I am proud of the athletes in both the Olympic Games and the Paralympic Games who competed in Rio de Janeiro. Houston, Texas had the great honor of sending two of our own to the Olympic Games; Simone Biles who won 4 gold medals and one bronze in the sport of Gymnastics, along with Simone Manuel who became the first African American woman to win gold in the sport of swimming. The great state of Texas also had Jimmy Feigen won the gold medal in swimming, Townley Haas, Jack Conger and Clark Smith won the gold medal in the freestyle relay, and Michelle Carter, who is also University of Texas alum, won the gold medal in women’s shot put. In the Paralympic Games Jazmin Almlie Ryan represented her nation and the City of Houston in the sport of target shooting. H.R. 5946 embodies the spirit of bipartisanship that is needed in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, this is why I join with my colleagues in working to reward our athletes who have worked so diligently and represented the very best of our ideals. I urge my colleagues in the House to support H.R. 5946 ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5946, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
SUSTAINING HEALTHCARE INTEGRITY AND FAIR TREATMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5713) to provide for the extension of certain longterm care hospital Medicare payment rules, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratoriumexcepted longterm care hospitals, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5713 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SITE NEUTRAL BASIS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For discharges occurring’’ and inserting ‘‘
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5713, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill provides needed regulatory relief for our hospitals, specifically long term care hospitals. I am happy that the Ways and Means Committee has come together in a bipartisan effort on this bill, and I want to thank my colleague and dear friend from the Garden State, BILLPASCRELL , for cosponsoring this bill with me today. H.R. 5713, the Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act, or the SHIFT Act, will give relief to all longterm care hospitals, or LTCHs, from the 25 percent rule before it fully goes into effect next month on October 1 of this year. This CMS rule, which has been delayed for 10 years, allows for no more than 25 percent of patients to come from one inpatient acute care hospital in one quarter. My bill will reinstate the 50 percent threshold that was in effect prior to July 1, 2016, and delay the rule for 9 months. During a time when patients and healthcare providers are facing increasing burdens and higher costs, I am pleased that we could come to an agreement that will help over 400 hospitals across America. This bill will also provide relief for four specific groups of LTCHs that treat highly unique groups of patients. I was glad to work with a number of my colleagues to incorporate their bills within this bill, including Mr. BUCHANAN ’s and Mr. P ASCRELL ’s bill, H.R. 4650; Mr. JASON SMITH’s bill, H.R. 5559; Mr. CROWLEY ’s bill, H.R. 5614; Dr. PRICE’s and Mr. L EWIS’ bill, H.R. 5688; and finally, Mr. LEVIN’s bill, H.R. 5723. The SHIFT Act also allows the Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program to limit reimbursement for providers or suppliers who may be exploiting program integrity loopholes and engaging in waste, fraud, or abuse. This will prevent hardearned taxpayer dollars from going to bad actors. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 20, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I write in regard to the following bills: H.R. 5713, Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016; H.R. 5659, Expanding Seniors Receiving Dialysis Choice Act of 2016; and, H.R. 5613, To provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016. As you know, H.R. 5716, H.R. 5659, and H.R. 5613 were each referred to both the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on each of these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over these bills and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as these bills or similar legislation move forward. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees each of these bills and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to 
H.R. 5716, H.R. 5659, and H.R. 5613 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 20, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills: H.R. 5713, the ‘‘Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016;’’ H.R. 5659, the ‘‘Expanding Seniors Receiving Dialysis Choice Act of 2016;’’ and H.R. 5613, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of these measures so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of these measures on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce H.R. 5713 with Mr. TIBERI , Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act. I think this is good legislation, not because my name is on it but because I thought a lot of thought came into this, and staff helped tremendously. This is one of the areas I have tried to concentrate on since being in Congress: longterm and acute care. As the cofounder and cochair of the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force, I understand the important role that long term care hospitals play in the recovery of many individuals who suffer moderate to severe traumatic brain injuries, or TBIs. I use this as one example, the area of TBI. If there is one thing I have learned about TBI in the 18 years I have been working on this issue, it is that recovery looks different for everyone, whether you are on the battlefield or you fall off a ladder trying to fix your roof. I understand the important role that longterm care hospitals play. I want to repeat that. That is why we must, I believe, preserve access to all post acute care options, so that patients can receive the individualized care they need, and we don’t tell them: get out, because your time is up, in the middle of their treatment. And that is what the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) has talked about many times. b1730 This is the right legislation, I believe, for this particular problem. H.R. 5713 would provide an additional 9 months of relief from the full implementation of the 25 percent rule for longterm care hospitals, which Mr. TIBERI mentioned. This bill includes technical changes for longterm hospitals. H.R. 5713 would, first, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of the hospital length to certain moratoriumexcepted LTCHs, the longterm care hospitals. Second, it would correct the status of Calvary Hospital in New York City that has led to secondarypayer issues, big issues. Third, it would provide a temporary exception to the application of the Medicare longterm care hospital site neutral provisions for certain spinal cord specialty hospitals. Fourth, it would exempt four payment codes for severe wounds from siteneutral payments. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation. We can do this. We could do it, without exception, if you put people in the room who want to compromise, who don’t know all the answers, and I don’t. We could come to a conclusion. This bill would offset the cost of this extension by implementing an important program integrity policy that would allow the Secretary to reject Medicare claims from new Medicare suppliers and providers located just outside of the moratorium areas. While this bill is an important step forward, it is just a temporary Band Aid on the 25 percent rule. I say to the gentleman, I don’t believe it is a permanent solution, but I think it helps us. We need to work together to find a longterm solution to the issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill before us today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think I have any more speakers and am ready to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, long term hospitals are an important part of our postacute care system. This bill will help preserve access and maintain fairness for these hospitals and their patients. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5713, and it is my hope that this bill is taken up expeditiously on the other side of the building in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the Speaker for allowing me the opportunity to present this bill today, this bipartisan bill that came out of the Ways and Means Committee. I really can’t add much to what Mr. PASCRELL said, and I really appreciate his leadership, not only on this issue, but on the issue of traumatic brain injury. There has been nobody in the Congress who has talked more, spent more time in educating folks and trying to come up with solutions to traumatic brain injury, and I appreciate his leadership. I thank the Speaker for allowing us to present and advance this package, this healthcare package through the process today. I ask all my colleagues to vote for it. We must help those beneficiaries that suffer from acute, longterm illness and injuries, and I believe this bill will do just that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5713, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PREVENT TRAFFICKING IN CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2285) to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal networks, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act’’. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that the heads of all components of the Department of Homeland Security involved in cultural property protection activities are authorized to enter into agreements or memoranda of understanding with the Smithsonian Institution to temporarily engage personnel from the Smithsonian Institution for the purposes of furthering such cultural property protection activities. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2285 currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) has done good work here and we are deeply appreciative, and I think all Americans are when they learn about what is in this piece of legislation. It enjoys broad bipartisan support, and I am here to urge its passage. Let me tell you briefly about it. The Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act is a key component in the fight against terrorism. This bill will allow us to launch a strategic blow to ISIS by cutting off one of their main fundraising sources. ISIS and their network loot and smuggle artifacts from world heritage sites and sell them on the black market to fund their terrorist activities. We can and we must put an end to this. The Department of Homeland Security is responsible for detecting and collecting stolen artifacts from the U.S., but illegal trade of valuable artifacts continues to grow, and much more needs to be done to address this very serious problem. That is where Mr. KEATING and this bill come into play. This bill creates a clear U.S. policy to stop and prevent the trafficking of historic artifacts by providing the U.S. Government with the tools it needs to effectively detain, seize, and investigate historic objects that are illegally imported into the U.S. Because ISIS relies heavily on cash to carry out its terrorist activities, passing this bill is an important step in taking down a group that has caused so much harm, so much heartache, and so much anxiety to Americans, our allies, and innocent civilians around the world. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : I write with respect to H.R. 2285, the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary among others. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2285 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 2285 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2285 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 2285. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2885, the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act.’’ As you noted, the Committee on the Judiciary was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 2885 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Judiciary is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2285. I would like to thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) for 
his strong support in trying to eradicate a major funding source for a terrorist group that is causing great destruction all over the world now, ISIL. I rise in support of H.R. 2285. It is a bill to prevent stolen and illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal networks, and also to improve enforcement and prosecution against trafficking in cultural property. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2285, the Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act, is a bipartisan bill aimed at stopping ISIL and other terrorist groups from advancing their activities through the sale of stolen antiquities and other cultural property. Along with oil and hostagetaking, this is one of the leading sources of their terrorist financing. To date, ISIL has reportedly plundered tens of millions of dollars from antiquities stolen in Syria alone. In just one 4month period, at the end of 2014 and the beginning of 2015, ISIL earned more than $265,000 in what they term ‘‘taxes’’ on the sale of antiquities. I was struck by intelligence indicating that ISIL had stolen $36 million from one site alone in alNabuk, west of Damascus. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, we work with Customs and Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials, and we have learned that there was a gap in enforcement of laws and regulations against trafficking in cultural property, and there was a real need to require greater information sharing across agencies and to better equip personnel to identify stolen antiquities and trafficking networks. This bill closes this gap by expanding trainings for personnel and by enhancing coordination between Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. H.R. 2285 also increases cooperation with agencies outside the Department of Homeland Security, authorizing memorandums of understanding with groups like the Smithsonian Institution to promote collaboration around cultural property protection activities and training our personnel to spot these illegal acts. ISIL forces have been terrorizing communities across the Middle East, targeting ethnic and religious minorities with acts of enslavement and genocide. Their attacks have been directed not only against people, but against ancient historic sites, works of art, objects, monuments, and buildings, as ISIL has worked to destroy all evidence of the region’s rich cultural, historical, and religious identity. What ISIL does not destroy, it sells to generate income for their terrorist acts. This legislation would help cut off an important revenue stream for ISIL and, by working to close the illicit antiquities market in the United States, would ultimately reduce the incentives in Iraq and Syria to loot and steal antiquities in the first place. We must act to disrupt these smuggling and trafficking networks so that ISIL may not profit from the destruction of the cultural and heritage backgrounds of this region, so that the remaining treasured cultural and historic sites throughout Syria and Iraq will live on. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) for yielding to me. He is a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and, once again, he is doing excellent work with this bill, and Mr. ROSKAM as well. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill. I am grateful for the work that Mr. KEATING has done to shine a light on the challenge of antiquities looting. We hear these stories about ISIS terrorists destroying heritage sites and smashing statutes, and it is heartbreaking. They are trying to wipe away history. But I have heard people say: Well, this is bad, but shouldn’t we be focused on stopping violence and killing? Well, make no mistake; these practices go hand in hand. It is not a matter of choosing one over the other. Before ISIS extremists pulverize statues and temples, they loot whatever they can carry and peddle these items on the black market. I have a bill—a law, actually—that has been passed involving these antiquities in Syria. This is a funding source for their campaign of terror; so, by confronting the problem, we are working to cut off a valuable resource for ISIS. As I mentioned, I am proud that, earlier this year, the President signed a law that I authored to impose new import restrictions on antiquities looted from Syria during the current conflict. Mr. KEATING and Mr. R OSKAM ’s measure goes a step further to help provide the training needed to enforce the protections we have put in place. The new restrictions are similar to what we have imposed for Iraq a number of years ago. They are designed to undermine the market for looted antiquities and ensure that antiquities sold by terrorist organizations don’t find their way to our shores. Before these restrictions can do their job, however, law enforcement needs tools and training to identify stolen antiquities so they don’t slip through our ports. Mr. KEATING ’s legislation will help make sure Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are able to intercept and investigate cultural property illegally imported into the United States. It will make it easier for them to root out the trafficking networks responsible for this trafficking, and it expresses support for the U.S. attorneys we depend on for prosecuting these cases. This is not a new job for these officers. For years they have worked to prevent trafficking in illegal antiquities. But their jobs are harder than ever. This bill will get them the legal tools and training they need to get that job done. So, Mr. Speaker, we need every tool at our disposal to deny ISIS funding and resources. That is what we are doing when we focus on antiquities looting. At the same time, we are working to preserve cultural heritage that is increasingly under threat. So I thank Mr. KEATING for his leadership and hard work. I thank him for bringing the bill forward. I am very pleased to support it, and I urge all Members to do the same. b1745 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) for his support in this. I want to thank the 19 cosponsors of this legislation, including the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) who just spoke and who is the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) who is the chair of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I think our constituents are really heartened when they see both parties coming together to work on things of national importance. Without question, H.R. 2285 is in that category. It is a tool that we need to combat ISIS. I commend Mr. KEATING , and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2285, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RESTRAINING EXCESSIVE SEIZURE OF PROPERTY THROUGH THE EXPLOITATION OF CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE TOOLS ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5523) to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another 
criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a postseizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5523 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ClydeHirsch Sowers RESPECT Act’’ or the ‘‘Restraining Excessive Seizure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5523, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon, the gentleman from New York and I are going to tell you a fascinating story. It is a story that when we tell it to our constituents at home, there is such a level of concern about what they have heard has happened that it really gets their attention. The good news is that the Ways and Means Committee and others have come along and tried to come up with a remedy. So here is what has been going on: for the past 2 years, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee has been investigating how the IRS has abused its civil asset forfeiture authority. We heard from numerous people about how the IRS seized their life savings with no notice simply because they had deposited their own money into their own bank accounts in amounts of less than $10,000. You heard that right—their own money into their own bank accounts with no underlying bad act, and the IRS came in and seized their assets with no notice. It was so outrageous and so egregious in some of these cases, Mr. Speaker, that the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service actually apologized to some of these people. Now, getting an apology out of the IRS Commissioner was like birthing a calf, but we got the apology from him, and we have been able to move forward. Subsequent to that, the Internal Revenue Service has changed their policy— which is okay, it is a good step—but we have to go farther and we need to change the underlying statute. Now, here is the back story: most people don’t know that the law requires deposits of more than $10,000 to be reported to the government. It is not a bad policy, and it is in place in case there is a human trafficking operation or a mafia front group or a meth lab that is trying to get around some bank secrecy acts. Others don’t know that it is actually illegal to intentionally avoid that reporting requirement. Two Maryland farming families, the Sowers and the Taylors, went through this ordeal. In their cases, bank tellers told them that it would be helpful if they could deposit all the cash they earned by selling farmers market products in amounts less than $10,000. So, Mr. Speaker, in other words, the bank teller says: Look, it is a big hassle when you come in here with more than $10,000. It would be much easier if you come in with less than $10,000 because we, the bank, won’t have to make a report. The Sowers and the Taylors—nicest people ever—said: Sure. That is where the trouble began. As they requested, they kept their deposits under $10,000 to help out the tellers. Likewise, the Hirsch brothers in New York, who own a convenience store distributorship, do a lot of cash business; and just because they made large cash deposits at their bank, the government seized their savings of $400,000. Andrew Clyde, who owns an armory down in Athens, Georgia, has a similar story. His store’s insurance policy only covers up to $10,000 in cash losses. So he does what any commonsense, clear thinking person would do, and that is to take less than $10,000 to the bank because more than $10,000 wouldn’t be covered by his own insurance policy. Mr. Speaker, now, even after the IRS had seized these accounts and the IRS realized that there was no criminal activity attached to these funds—in other words, they realized this is not what this law is all about—the IRS kept the money, and people like the families that I just mentioned spent time and resources trying to get them back. Some of them, like Mr. Clyde and the Taylors, are still fighting today. Mr. Speaker, the entire subcommittee, both sides of the aisle, was scandalized to learn about this. It began to say, number one, how can this be? And number two, what can we do about it? Mr. CROWLEY , my friend from New York, and I thought it was a good step that the IRS changed their policy. But we think an even better step is to pass this underlying bill. What the bill does is it says that the IRS would only be able to seize structured assets if they are used to conceal another crime or they are derived from an illegal source. It would also give procedural protections, like the right to a speedy hearing, to people from whom the IRS seizes money. Finally, if the government ultimately gives assets and interest back when challenged, our bill would exempt that interest from Federal income tax. It serves to help right the wrong, if only in a small way, 
for the money being improperly taken in the first place. Unfortunately, the bill comes up too late to keep the Clydes, the Sowers, the Hirsches, and the Taylors from dealing with this problem. But they have done all Americans and this body a service by standing up and being willing to tell their stories so that we can respond. We cannot let the IRS abuse this discretion and abuse this power. I am pleased that the overwhelming and, in fact, the unanimous Ways and Means Committee has supported this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank my good friend, my colleague from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), for his good work on this issue. Tenacity does pay off. The gentleman has really kept his nose to the grindstone on this. Now, I don’t want the gentleman to get a bad reputation for working with me on so many issues. I just want to point that out for the record. Today is a good day for American taxpayers as, hopefully, the House of Representatives will soon pass the ClydeHirschSowers RESPECT Act to enact vital reforms to the Federal Government’s civil asset forfeiture process. Civil asset forfeiture is an important tool for the IRS and for other Federal agencies. They use it to go after ill gotten funds from drug dealers, human traffickers, terrorists, and other criminals. This bill will not weaken that vital law enforcement tool one bit. But this legislation will codify into law much needed reforms to the process to stop abusive asset forfeitures—abusive seizures such as the ability of the government to take a person’s bank account without ever charging them with a crime. The Oversight Subcommittee on the Ways and Means Committee, under the guidance of our chairman, Mr. ROSKAM , undertook a painstaking 17month investigation. I think this is a good example of the committee process and how we can work functionally, unlike what we have seen in other committees here in the House. This investigation included holding a series of congressional hearings, meeting with officials from a number of Federal agencies, and continually keeping the pressure on the IRS to practically reach out and return any asset seized from people who were never charged with any crimes. In particular, Mr. Speaker, hearing from the victims themselves was incredibly moving and touching, I think, to Members of both sides of the aisle. These actions culminated in this bipartisan legislation that passed the Ways and Means Committee unanimously. This bill, the ClydeHirsch Sowers RESPECT Act, aims to take what we have learned and fix the system to prevent the seizure of bank accounts of lawabiding citizens. Specifically, this legislation prohibits the IRS from taking any assets related to structuring unless the funds are from an illegal source or the funds were structured to conceal other criminal activity. Additionally, to provide due process to affected taxpayers, the bill requires the IRS to notify an account holder of a seizure within 30 days of that seizure. Once an account is seized, the bill allows the person whose assets were seized to seek a postseizure hearing within 30 days. Now, even that, for some, can be onerous; but it is a start. We know that those engaged in illegal actions will usually not contest the seizure. They won’t go to the agency and contest it. But for those who committed no crimes, this bill, in many respects, levels the playing field. But the passage of this bill isn’t the last part of this fight. I know my colleague, Mr. ROSKAM , and I will continue to keep pressure on the Federal Government to quickly return the assets of those innocent taxpayers not charged with any crimes whose assets are still being held by the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the passage of this legislation and correcting a wrong in the law that exists to help lawabiding citizens hold on to their hardearned resources. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. CROWLEY for his work, his advocacy, and his willingness to make suggestions to improve this bill so we could enjoy unanimous support. We are in a very good situation on it. Let me just give you a little bit more color commentary, if I could, because I think it is important for us to recognize the role that we in this House play as a coequal branch of government pushing back on abuse when we see it in the executive branch, and this is part of our experience. So here is the back story: it occurred to us, Mr. Speaker, that these were certain cases—and I mentioned them a minute ago; I gave the names of these individuals a minute ago—that we had come to learn about. The IRS then subsequently changed their policy. But then it begs the question: What happens to the people, number one, that we don’t know about who are still stuck in the system? So the IRS, in other words, said that we are not going to do this moving forward. What about the people that they had done this to? In other words, they had assets they had confiscated. So we ended up having another hearing, again, bipartisan. The result of that hearing, a result of a unanimous voice on the subcommittee itself, was that the IRS said: We are going to come up with a petition process. The IRS has written to 1,100 people involving approximately 700 cases, and they have heard back from 380 people so far who have said: You have wrongly taken this money. b1800 Mr. Speaker, I just want to tell you a quick story. It was a few months ago—I don’t remember the exact date—but it was a 
few months ago when I asked for a briefing from the Department of Justice and the Internal Revenue Service on these pending cases. I thought, Mr. Speaker, based on these hearings and so forth, that the meeting at my request was going to take 10 minutes and that the officials were going to come in and my question was: What is happening to the people who are caught in the middle of this? I thought they were going to come in and they would say, you know: Mr. ROSKAM , here is a list or whatever. We can’t give you a list, but here is all disposed of. No, no, no, no. An hour and a half later, at the end of this discussion, I turned to the Department of Justice officials, Mr. Speaker, and I said: I am more afraid of you now than when I started this meeting. Do you want to know why I am afraid of you? Because you are acting in a completely obtuse manner. When I asked what happened to these people’s money, the officials told me, Mr. Speaker, that the money had been absorbed into the Federal system. Let me repeat that. They said that the money had been absorbed into the Federal system—wrongly absorbed, but absorbed nevertheless. That this could come out of the mouth of someone who works for the Department of Justice I found to be completely absurd. I asked a simple question: What happens if my constituents owe a tax liability, don’t pay the tax liability, and spend the money on something else? What do you do to them? And I answered the question: What you do to them is you put a lien on their house and you put them in prison, that is what you do. So don’t you see, Mr. Speaker, what we are dealing with? We have got to get to this situation, and we have got to get to making sure that power is used appropriately and it is not abused. I think this legislation that, again, is bipartisan, comes forward and it says it strikes the right balance, and if there is an underlying bad act—that is, an illegal activity—there is no one that is going to find any comfort in this bill; however, for the innocent folks who are not abusing this, they will find great comfort. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, Mr. Speaker, Congress has a chance to right a wrong in the law by passing this bill. We always say that, in the U.S., you are innocent until proven guilty, but the civil asset forfeiture policies imposed by the Federal Government don’t always reflect that basic premise. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill. But let me be clear. While we are correcting an injustice in one area, this bill reminds us of the importance of a larger discussion on muchneeded criminal justice reform. I hope that this larger issue can also be tackled by this year’s Congress. Just like the Clyde family and the Hirsch family and the Sowers family, whom we named this bill for, far too many American families have seen the U.S. justice system not work on behalf of them. We need to address that issue of criminal justice reform in the same bipartisan way, Mr. Speaker, that Mr. ROSKAM and the entire Ways and Means Committee dealt with civil asset forfeiture. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know how difficult it is to birth a calf. I am a boy from Woodside, Queens. I used to say we had no running water growing up where I came from. Well, we had running water in my home, but we didn’t have any streams; we had no ponds, no lakes. The closest I got to the water— I want the violins to come out now— the closest I got to the water was Rockaway Beach in Queens. But my wife is from Montana, and she grew up on a ranch. She may certainly have an inclination how difficult that is. But let me say, on behalf of the American people, we want to apologize—though it is not necessarily our place—for the entire Federal Government. We didn’t impose this on the Clyde family or the Hirsch family or the Sowers family, but they do deserve an apology, not just from the IRS, but from the American people as well, all taxpayers. But the Clyde family, the Hirsch family, and the Sowers family, I don’t know where their families came from. I do not know their ethnicity. I do not know their political persuasion. I do not know what religion they practice, if any at all. But what I do know is they are American citizens, so they deserve to be treated with justice under the law. In these particular cases, they sought justice and were denied it; and we are restoring that today with the passage of this bill, not only for them, but for all Americans who find themselves in this situation. For that, I am grateful for my friend from Illinois, for his tenacity; but I am also grateful for the tenacity of these families to not sit back and allow this to happen not only to themselves, but to potentially future victims. That is what their legacy will be. I hope their families are proud of what they have accomplished. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think Mr. CROWLEY made a great point, and that is there is a great temptation when the Federal Government comes after you—I would imagine, a great temptation—to cower to the intimidation. The government has a lot of power, and the government in this case figuratively reached out and grabbed these families by the throat and choked them and used power that was not correct to use against them, and it was unjust. It would have been an easy thing for these families to just sit back and take it and so forth, but they didn’t do that. I think the fact that they didn’t do that, Mr. Speaker, and they are willing to stand up and fight is a good foreshadowing of things to come. In other words, they told their story; Members of Congress heard their story, and we have been able to move and seek justice, not only changing underlying policies within the executive branch, but also changing an underlying statute. The other body has introduced this, and I am hopeful that it will be considered in an expeditious manner. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for his support and advocacy. I urge passage of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5523, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1832 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 522, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ f 
GAO ACCESS AND OVERSIGHT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5690) to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bonamici Boustany Carney Clark (MA) Duckworth Emmer (MN) Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Long Meeks Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Stutzman Wagner Wasserman Schultz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the majority leader for introducing this bill H.R. 6007, and for his efforts on behalf of the entire commercial space industry. Due to his efforts, we got a great bill in the Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act last year. Nine months into the bill, it has had a great impact on this industry. Space represents what is exceptional about the United States of America. We are characterized by a spirit of adventure, risk taking, entrepreneurialism, and a spirit that has revolutionized access and operations in space, to the point where our very way of life now depends on space. We have transformed how we communicate, how we navigate, how we produce food and energy, how we conduct banking, predict weather, perform disaster relief, provide security, and so much more. But to be able to access space, we need robust infrastructure. Spaceports—and I would mention that we have a licensed spaceport in the great State of Oklahoma—are a key cog in that infrastructure, facilitating launches and reentries, not only by 
government agencies but also now by private companies. In order to ensure these entities can operate efficiently and facilitate space launch and reentry, government policy needs to treat them as it treats other key pieces of transportation infrastructure. This legislation, which I am proud to cosponsor, simply gives the FAA the ability to analyze the navigable airspace around spaceports, an authority it currently lacks. This will help the FAA and spaceports understand how structures and other features around spaceports will affect the operation of space vehicles. As a pilot myself, I can tell you, I have used approach plates, and I have used departures. And what we need now is an ability for the future infrastructure to incorporate space vehicles into these approach plates so that we can integrate commercial air traffic with space traffic. This is an important tool, and I urge passage of this bill. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I will conclude by saying that I urge all Members to support H.R. 6007. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6007. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO PROVIDE CONGRESS ADVANCE NOTICE OF CERTAIN ANNOUNCEMENTS Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5977) to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Congress advance notice of certain announcements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5977 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5977. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Congress authorizes funding for the Federal transportation programs, which, in turn, obviously provide the funding and credit assistance for transportation projects across the country. However, the authorizing committees don’t consistently get advance notice from the Department of Transportation prior to its announcement of grant awards and credit assistance for projects. What this bill does is real simple. It requires the Department to give the authorizing committees at least 3 days advanced notice prior to announcing grant awards and credit assistance for projects. It is going to improve transparency and enhance oversight of the Department by ensuring that Congress is properly notified of these announcements. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5977. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5977. This bill ensures that the members of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and certain Senate committees, will receive at least 3 days advanced notice of discretionary grants and loans made by the Department of Transportation. When Congress enacted the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21), we included a Congressional notification requirement for surface transportation grants. Language to require notification was omitted inadvertently when Congress enacted the most recent surface transportation authorization act, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act. The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has not consistently received notice from DOT prior to the announcement of grant awards and credit assistance for transportation projects since the passage of the FAST Act. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the author of the FAST Act, the chairman of the Transportation Committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) for his help in developing H.R. 5977 and for his hard work on developing and passing the FAST Act, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, which provides 5 years of funding for Federal transportation programs. These programs enable us to make muchneeded investment in our transportation system. H.R. 5977 will help ensure that Federal transportation funding is spent wisely, through proper and consistent notification from the Department of Transportation to Congress. I thank my colleagues for their help in developing this important legislation, and I urge the support of H.R. 5977. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to help me and support this legislation. It is a very important piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5977. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
AMENDING TITLE 49 WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN GRANT ASSURANCES Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5944) to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5944 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5944. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5944. This bill will ensure regulatory consistency and stability for airports that are colocated with Air National Guard or Air Force bases. In recent years, several Air National Guard units have had their manned aircraft mission replaced with an unmanned aircraft mission. For some of these units, the unmanned aircraft are remotely operated from the Guard facilities but not located at the airport. Since, in some instances, the unmanned aircraft do not land at the airport from where they are being operated, there is concern that the nominal leases these units have long enjoyed may no longer be permitted by the Federal Aviation Administration. This bill ensures that an airport’s simple renewal of a nominal rate lease with an Air National Guard unit that operates aircraft, remotely or otherwise, does not result in the airport losing its Federal grant funding. The bill in no way prohibits airports from negotiating new lease terms with Air National Guard units, but it ensures that should an airport and an Air National Guard unit agree to renew a nominal rate lease they may do so. Mr. Speaker, in this time of transition for military aviation, this bill allows airports and the Department of Defense sufficient flexibility to rebalance and adjust the missions of Air National Guard units without jeopardizing the airports’ FAA grants. This bill provides that flexibility while preserving the right of airports to renew leases that it believes are in the best interest of the airport and surrounding community. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5944. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill as well, which will allow our Nation’s military to continue leasing space at airports at nominal rates. Current law requires that airports agree to certain conditions to receive Federal airport grants. One of these requirements is for an airport to generate revenue that sustains most, if not all, of the airport’s operations. If airports continue to renew leases under which tenants of airport property pay discounted rates, they could violate their grant assurances and put their Federal airport funding in jeopardy. This bill allows airports to continue offering belowmarket rates to military tenants. I have no objection to this bill. However, I would like to note that our Nation’s airport infrastructure needs far exceed the Federal funding available. I regret that we are not here discussing some accompanying language that would increase airports’ ability to generate revenue, such as through the passenger facility charge or an increase in funding for the Airport Improvement Program. I am very pleased this bill is narrowly tailored to accommodate the important missions of the National Guard and the U.S. Air Force, as well as to protect the needs of airports. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from New York and Indiana and the other colleagues supporting this legislation. They have described it beautifully. I would just simply state that what this really does is it brings FAA policy up to the contemporary standards of modernday missions by our Air Force and Air National Guard. Many flying missions have made the transition or are making the transition from manned aircraft to remotely piloted aircraft, just like the Happy Hooligans in my home State of North Dakota, and I think this policy recognizes that reality. I am just going to wrap up by simply stating, Mr. Speaker, that there are many benefits to this bill in addition to the ones that have been stated. First of all, it is taxpayer friendly, and it is mission appropriate. It does nothing to diminish but rather enhances the integrity of the Air Force’s mission, and it is good for taxpayers. It supports airport authorities and their flexibility, as well as military and defense operations. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, it strengthens the defense of our country, which is our highest priority, by keeping military installations at local airports. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 5944. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 5944. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the House for their swift consideration of H.R. 5944. This important, bipartisan piece of legislation helps our National Guard and Air Force continue to evolve into the 21st Century as Remote Piloted Aircraft—or RPA’s—become a modern tool in our efforts to defend our nation. RPA’s provide key intelligence, reconnaissance, close air combat support, and have become one of the most reliable tools in our toolbox as we fight terrorism abroad. Years ago, we could not have envisioned the advances in technology that now allow our soldiers and pilots to fly missions from a control center thousands of miles from the battlefield. Yet our laws are unfortunately woefully outdated when it comes to the infrastructure that supports RPA’s. Now is the time to update those laws and now is the time to update this critical infrastructure. This bill allows our National Guard and Air Force stations on civilian airfields that operate and participate in RPA missions to remain eligible for nominal leases. Doing so will save our military millions of dollars that can be spent elsewhere—on soldiers and equipment. Without this fix to federal law, estimates show that the National Guard would be forced to spend over $155 million each year just to keep their leases for bases they are on now. That would be an additional $155 million on top of the current costs. If faced with this enormous cost, bases would be forced to shutter their operations permanently and missions would be eliminated entirely. This legislation not only saves dollars, it saves our current defense structure that helps protect our country, which in turn saves lives. Nothing in this legislation creates a mandate for our airports or the military, rather it allows leases and current agreements to be renewed. Future agreements can be fairly negotiated without the risk of airfields losing FAA grant eligibility or the Guard losing their entire budget to lease payments. I have many constituents that work at the Battle Creek Air National Guard Based in Michigan, which is just one of the many dual use airfields that will immediately benefit from 
our legislation. Those servicemen and women support missions from cyberspace, on the ground, and in the air with our MQ–9 RPA mission that contribute to combat terror efforts overseas as we speak. We cannot risk disturbing these critical missions by moving or eliminating the capability the Guard and Air Force provide simply because of outdated laws that could not have foreseen the technology we would be using to effectively carry out missions. Every Guard and Air Force base on a civilian airfield will have the certainty to continue their operations without the fear of losing the lease structure currently in operation. With our bill, airfields will have the certainty knowing they are still eligible for FAA grants and together, the Guard and the FAA can develop better agreements for the future of airfields across the nation. H.R. 5944 prevents a disruption of our missions, saves taxpayer dollars, and allows our Guard to modernize for the 2lst century and beyond. I would like to sincerely thank the House Transportation and Infrastructure, Chairman SHUSTER and Subcommittee Chairman L OBIONDO , both majority and minority staff, Nick Bush on my staff, as well as the Federal Aviation Administration for working together on this bipartisan solution for our airfields across the country. Providing for the national defense and supporting our troops around the country is one of Congress’ foremost priorities and H.R. 5944 ensures that our military will continue to be the greatest in the world. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5944. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION VETERAN TRANSITION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5957) to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5957 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5957. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5957. When Congress passed the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act last year, it inadvertently excluded new FAA employees from coverage under a new sick leave system. This bill corrects that omission. Mr. Speaker, onethird of veterans who served after September 11 report having a serviceconnected disability, with more than twothirds of those disabilities rating 30 percent or higher. There are more than 35,000 veterans in my district alone, many of whom have the skill sets and background in aviation necessary to succeed in highly technical FAA positions. This bill will help ensure that a veteran’s service to our Nation does not become a barrier to future employment. I want to thank Aviation Subcommittee Chairman LOBIONDO and Subcommittee Ranking Member LARSENfor their leadership and bipartisan partnership on this simple, yet important fix to remove an unnecessary barrier to employment for our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5957. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5957, the Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016. This bill, introduced by my colleague and Aviation Subcommittee Ranking Member RICKLARSEN , a distinguished Member, will provide newly hired disabled veterans at the FAA with the same entitlement to leave that disabled veterans receive at other Federal agencies. I am also proud to be a sponsor of this bill. H.R. 5957 will close an important loophole and it will create parity between FAAemployed veterans with certain serviceconnected disabilities and veterans at other Federal agencies. This bill is fair, it is necessary, and it is the right thing to do for servicemen and women who have bravely served this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the very distinguished gentleman from Washington State (Mr. LARSEN ). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5957, the FAA Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016. Last November, after passing the House and the Senate by unanimous consent, the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act was signed into law. That legislation recognizes that no one who has sustained an injury due to military service should have to choose between earning a paycheck or receiving health care. Specifically, that act provides up to 104 hours of upfront, disabled veteran leave during an employee’s first 12 months on the job. The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act will apply to anyone hired on or after November 5 of this year. However, that legislation only applies to Federal civilian personnel covered under title 5 leave provisions. Consequently, those not covered under title 5—including employees of the FAA—are not able to use these leave benefits. Now, in my own State of Washington, there are more than 650 veterans who work at the FAA; and across the country, more than 15,000 veterans work for the FAA. From 2012 to 2016, the FAA hired between 150 to 350 veterans each year—men and women who have served our country but may be unable to get the health care that they need. So in an effort to expand these benefits to disabled veterans hired by the FAA, Representative LOBIONDO joined me in introducing this bipartisan bill earlier this month. 
H.R. 5957 will ensure that newly hired disabled veteran FAA employees receive the same upfront disabled leave that personnel at other government agencies will receive. This legislation will help ensure that no newly hired disabled veteran FAA employee is faced with the choice between earning a paycheck or receiving health care, and finishes the laudable work that was started by the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. I want to thank all the advocacy organizations who support this legislation, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, The American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, American Federation of Government Employees, the Federal Managers Association, the FAA Managers Association, Professional Aviation Safety Specialists, General Aviation Manufacturers Association, and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association. I also want to be sure to thank Representative LOBIONDO for working with me on this important legislation. Lastly, I want to thank and recognize Senator HIRONO , who has introduced companion legislation in the Senate, and I look forward to continue working to move this important bill past the finish line. Last week, this bipartisan bill was unanimously reported out of the committee, and today I ask for this Chamber’s support as well. Let’s not keep these veterans waiting. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 5957. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5957. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION TO ALLOW CERTAIN CONSTRUCTION OR ALTERATION OF STRUCTURES BY STATE DEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6014) to direct the Federal Aviation Administration to allow certain construction or alteration of structures by State departments of transportation without requiring an aeronautical study, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6014 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. REIMBURSABLE AGREEMENTS FOR CERTAIN AIRPORT PROJECTS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6014. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6014. This bill clarifies that the Federal Aviation Administration may enter into an agreement with a State or local government agency to carry out a project at an airport in exchange for reimbursement by that State or local government agency. The agreement to provide these services would have to include measures for costeffective completion of the project and not negatively affect the safety or efficiency of the National Airspace System. The text before us includes a minor technical change to clarify that the legislation applies only to projects located at airports. This bill does not create any new authority; rather, it clarifies the application of the Federal Aviation Administration’s existing authority to provide inkind services to State and local government agencies in exchange for payment. I appreciate Mr. NOLAN ’s commitment to this issue and his willingness to work with the committee on a bipartisan basis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6014. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this commonsense, bipartisan measure. I would be remiss if I didn’t thank Chairman SHUSTER and Subcommittee Chairman LOBIONDO , Ranking Members LARSEN and D EFAZIO and members of the committee for supporting this legislation. What it does is it authorizes and clarifies that the FAA has the authority to enter into reimbursable contracts with the State and all of the States in this country. The reason and the rationale for it is that it dramatically reduces Federal bureaucracy. It saves the taxpayers a ton of money as well as investors and encourages private investments in our airport infrastructure, creating jobs and laying the foundation for a good economic development in the future. I would like to give one real quick illustration. These are two towers that are used for navigation at a regional airport in north central Minnesota, the town of Brainerd, Minnesota. They are about 25 feet high. A group of investors agreed to put $1 million into a new hangar to accommodate corporate jets in this community—a very fastgrowing economic community. The FAA said: Well, we are going to have to do a feasibility study, and that will cost several $100,000. And, oh, by the way, the airport and the investors will have to pay for that. Then they said: Oh, by the way, we will select the contractor under the current rules, and that will cost another 4 or $500,000. And, by the way, you will have to pay for that. So, right away, there was resistance at the airport and in the business community because everybody in town knew at least two guys with a pickup truck and a backhoe that could have moved the two towers on a Saturday morning somewhere. So I called the State Department of Aviation and said: Have you ever done anything like this before? They said: Yeah, yeah. They said that they had done it. I said: Have you done it in compliance with FAA standards for safety and navigation? They said: Yes. I said: Will you go up and take a look to see this particular project and give me an estimate on what you could do that for? They did. They came back. And instead of threequarters of a million dollars, they said: We can do it for about $17,000. So that is what we are talking about. We are talking about enormous savings for taxpayers, for investors, and stimulating investment. It is a good bill. I am grateful for the bipartisan support that it has received throughout the community and from the FAA, quite frankly. So I strongly urge its adoption and thank the leadership for bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 6014. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z ELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6014, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
BATHROOMS ACCESSIBLE IN EVERY SITUATION ACT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5147) to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5147 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation Act’’ or ‘‘BABIES Act’’. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5147, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5147, as amended, the Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation Act, or BABIES Act, would require restrooms in certain public buildings be equipped with baby changing stations that are safe and sanitary. Millions of American families visit Federal facilities every day. While the cost of changing stations is small, some Federal buildings open to the public do not have them. b1945 This bill would cover those buildings controlled by the General Services Administration that are open for public use. This requirement would not apply to restrooms not publicly accessible, if there are other restrooms nearby with changing stations, or if it would require costly construction or alternations. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BARLETTA . I also support this bill, as amended, which directs the GSA to install baby changing stations in restrooms in public buildings across the Nation. I would like to commend my colleague, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), for his leadership on this issue, and for his willingness to work with us to bring this bill to the floor today. I am pleased that our committee worked closely with Representative CICILLINE to achieve the original purpose of the bill and to keep costs down to change public policy. The amended bill directs GSA to include at least one baby changing station in the men’s and the women’s restroom on each floor of a public building. The requirements of this bill do not apply to any restrooms in Federal buildings which are not available to the public. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to begin by thanking Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for their support on this legislation. I would also particularly like to thank Congressman CARSON for his strong support in getting this bill to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and thank Chairman BARLETTA for his support as well. H.R. 5147, the Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation Act, or the BABIES Act, would require that both male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities that are physically safe, sanitary, and appropriate. Federal public buildings belong to the people of this country, and they should be welcoming and appropriately accommodating. This legislation will ensure that there are appropriate and sanitary facilities in publicly accessible Federal buildings for parents and caretakers to change the infants and toddlers that are with them. For example, in the office building where my office is located, Rayburn, there are no baby changing tables at all. That means that Rhode Islanders who come to visit my office have to try to find a changing station in another public building, or they will have to decide to change their baby on a bathroom floor, which is a terrible option, unsanitary for both the parents and the children. This same problem exists in Federal buildings all across this country. Access to baby changing stations in restrooms in Federal buildings will help in protecting the health and safety of children and will encourage a familyfriendly environment. Various cities and counties in the United States have passed similar laws requiring changing tables in men’s and women’s bathrooms for all of the same reasons. Current GSA policy requires that the planning of new construction modernization alteration projects include family restrooms equipped with baby changing stations, but current policy does not apply to existing buildings. This legislation would impose the requirement for publicly accessible Federal buildings and facilities. The cost will be modest to install a baby changing station. This will go a very long way to ensuring the safety and comfort of families visiting Federal buildings all across this country. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support, and I urge my colleagues to support it as well. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5147, the ‘‘Bathrooms Accessible In Every Situation (BABIES) Act of 2016.’’ 
This is an important measure that would provide diaper changing facilities in male and female restrooms in public buildings. This piece of legislation simply seeks to provide equal rights to both men and women caregivers. According to a report released by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, fathers today are more involved with their children. Fathers also need access to childcare facilities. H.R. 5147 would apply to: any public building constructed, altered, or acquired by the General Services Administration a year after the enactment of this measure; and any other public building, not described above, beginning two years after the enactment of this measure. H.R. 5147 would not apply to: public buildings where the restrooms are not for public use; and restrooms in a public building with clear and conspicuous signage indicating where another restroom, male or female, is located within the same sector or corridor of said building. In California, two similar state bills were struck down that would have provided equal access to changing tables for both men and women. Positive reforms are, however, taking place around the country. For example, Miami Dade County, Florida, requires that new and remodeled businesses have baby changing stations that are accessible by both men and women. In San Francisco, California, planning codes require that new or renovated public buildings must install baby changing stations that are accessible to women and men. Yet, there is no federal law or legislation to regulate the equal access of stations tor men and women. H.R. 5147 supplies that standard. This legislation is long overdue. We must support equal access to basic needs and bathroom changing stations for all men and women caregivers For these reasons, I support H.R. 5147 the ‘‘Bathroom Accessible in Every Situation (BABIES) Act of 2016.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5147, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
JUDGE RANDY D. DOUB UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3937) to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3937 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’ during the period in which the building is utilized as a United States courthouse. 
With respect to the period in which the building referred to in section 1 is utilized as a United States courthouse, any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to that building shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3937, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3937, as amended, would designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse. I would like to thank the gentlemen from North Carolina, Mr. JONES and Mr. BUTTERFIELD , for their leadership on this legislation. Judge Randy D. Doub was in the private practice of law for 26 years in Greenville, North Carolina. From 1985 until 1990, he served on the North Carolina Board of Transportation. In 2006, he was appointed by the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals as a United States bankruptcy judge and served as chief judge from 2007 to 2014. Sadly, last year, Judge Doub passed away suddenly. He was a well respected bankruptcy attorney and jurist, which is exemplified by the fact that this bill was sponsored by the entire North Carolina delegation. I think it is fitting to recognize his service to the law and the community by naming this courthouse after him. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also support H.R. 3937, as amended, which designates a U.S. courthouse located in Greenville, North Carolina, as the Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse. I want to thank my good friend and colleague, G.K. BUTTERFIELD , for his work on this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ). Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, in January 2015, one of my dearest friends suddenly passed away at the age of 59. Judge Randy Doub had been a friend of mine for years. He was a strong man who lived his faith. He loved his country, and he loved, very dearly, his wife, Toni, and sons, Alexander and Jameson. Randy was also very active in his church and passionate in his career. As a Federal bankruptcy judge, he was respected by the lawyers who came before him, by the families whom he helped through financial difficulties, and by the dedicated and most loyal staff that he worked so closely with. Psalm 106:3 says: 
Blessed are they who observe justice, who do righteousness at all times. 
Randy truly was a fair and caring judge who understood that the opportunity to serve in this capacity was a gift from God. Mr. Speaker, while he achieved much in his career, one of Randy’s prouder accomplishments was his work with the GAO on the Greenville Courthouse. He helped to design, create, and oversee a highquality facility to better serve the residents of eastern North Carolina, all while keeping the project under budget. He took great pride in this building. Mr. Speaker, for all of the reasons I have mentioned and more, it is right and justified to name this courthouse after Judge Randy Davis Doub. I want to thank my dear friend, Mr. G.K. BUTTERFIELD , who knew Randy Doub as well as I did. Mr. BUTTERFIELD , as you know, is a former judge in State courts and is also an attorney. He and I worked side by side to get this legislation to the floor of the House. I want to thank the committee of jurisdiction and I want to thank the subcommittees who are on the floor today for giving us this chance to remember a man who loved his country, who loved the Constitution, and who loved his family. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, let me begin this evening by thanking Mr. CARSON for yielding time, and thanking him for his extraordinary leadership not only on his committee, but for the great work that he does here in Congress. He is a leader of leaders, and I thank him so very much. I also thank Mr. BARLETTA for his work. I feel a sense of bipartisanship on this committee, and I want to congratulate both of them for their fine work. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3937, which seeks to 
honor a great American jurist, a great public servant, and a great American, Judge Randy D. Doub of Greenville, North Carolina. Randy was an outstanding jurist and a lifelong North Carolinian who is fondly remembered by many who appeared before his court, and by those in the Pitt County, North Carolina, community he loved so much. Last November, I introduced this legislation, a bill that seeks to name the U.S. courthouse at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse. My good friend and colleague of many, many years, Congressman WALTERJONES , as he mentioned just a moment ago, has joined me in spearheading this effort. We have worked on it for a long time. I thank WALTER for his tireless work on this bill. We were joined by the entire North Carolina delegation, who signed on as original cosponsors. I want to express my sincere appreciation to my colleagues—all of them, Democrat and Republican—from North Carolina for the strong bipartisan support for this bill. I would also like to thank the majority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY , for working with me to put this bill on the floor. I asked Leader MCCARTHY if he would put it on the floor this week and he agreed. Mr. Speaker, Randy Doub was born in Forsyth County, North Carolina, a little community outside of Winston Salem called Pfafftown. In 1977, he graduated at the top of his class, magna cum laude, from East Carolina University, which is in Greenville, my congressional district. He then earned his law degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1980. That is when I met Randy Doub. I passed the bar and graduated from law school in 1974; Randy did so in 1980, and after 1980 we became very good friends. After law school, Judge Doub went into private practice, where he spent 26 years providing expert counsel to his clients and devotedly represented their interests in court. After more than a quarter of a century in private practice, Randy was appointed as the United States bankruptcy judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. As he ascended to the bench, Judge Doub’s reputation as a hardworking, fair, and compassionate jurist did not go unnoticed. In 2007, he was named chief judge, a position he held until last year. Sadly, on January 24, 2015, Judge Doub passed away at the young age of 59 from a sudden heart attack. He left behind a wonderful family and community who loved and respected him so very much. He was well respected. Judge Doub put his family and faith above all else. He was a devoted and loving husband to his wife of 29 long years, Toni, and a wonderful father to their two sons, Alexander and Jameson. A man of strong conviction and faith, Judge Doub was a member of Unity Free Will Baptist Church in Greenville and was a dedicated and longserving member of the church choir. Mr. Speaker, while Judge Randy Doub is deserving of far more accolades than I have given him this evening, I am sure they will come with time. It is my great pleasure to offer this legislation that seeks in some very small way to honor the life and work of Judge Randy Doub. b2000 In closing, there is no more fitting way to honor this legacy and the contributions of Judge Randy Doub than to name this courthouse the Randy D. Doub Courthouse in Greenville, North Carolina, where Randy served with such distinction and honor. I thank my colleagues for their strong support. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3937, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNITY COUNTERTERRORISM PREPAREDNESS ACT Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5859) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5859 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, if no one is claiming time in opposition, I would like to claim that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would inquire if the gentleman from New Jersey is opposed to the bill. Mr. PAYNE. No, I am not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. On that basis, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) will control 20 minutes in opposition. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL). 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we stand here this evening, there are ongoing investigations into the terrorist attacks over the weekend in New York, in New Jersey, and in Minnesota. Details of these attacks and of those responsible continue to emerge. One thing is certain: we are thankful that there was no loss of life and we are thankful for our brave first responders who worked around the clock to keep our communities safe. These brave men and women are doing their jobs in increasingly difficult times. The threat environment is as high as we have ever seen it since 9/ 11. Largescale terror attacks have been replaced as the main threat by smaller attacks that seek to terrorize entire communities at an alarming pace. Whether it is a simultaneous, coordinated attack at multiple locations, as we saw in Paris last year, or attacks like the ones in New York, New Jersey, and Minnesota this past weekend, or an active shooter who targets law enforcement, as we experienced in my home State of Texas against the Dallas Police Department, we must ensure that our communities and our first responders—our heroes—have the tools and training they need to best address today’s threats. That is why I introduced H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act. This bill authorizes $39 million for first responders in major metropolitan areas to conduct training and exercises to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to the most likely terrorist attack scenarios, like the IED attacks that we recently saw in New York and in New Jersey or active shooter attacks. The fiscal year 2016 Consolidated Appropriations Act included $39 million for grants to address complex, coordinated terrorist attacks, like the attacks in Paris. My bill authorizes the program, and it provides clear direction to the Department of Homeland Security, ensuring that emergency response providers receive the funding they need to address these emerging threats. First responders in any of the more than 60 jurisdictions that currently receive or have previously received funding under the Urban Areas Security Initiative are eligible for funding under this new program. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, my main job is to support the establishment of policies and programs that will help keep the American people safe. This program that is established in my bipartisan bill will provide the additional resources to first responders so they can do just that. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) and ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, a pressure cooker bomb exploded in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York. A second explosive was found only blocks away. Thankfully, nobody was killed, but 29 innocent people were injured. Over the course of the investigation, additional explosive devices were found in Elizabeth, New Jersey. All of these devices were ultimately connected devices that were found in Seaside Park, New Jersey, one of which exploded early Saturday morning. Law enforcement’s pursuit of the suspected terrorist ended in Linden, New Jersey, which is in my congressional district. Yesterday, police successfully apprehended the suspect after a shootout in which two brave officers were shot. Thankfully, we understand that both injured Linden police officers have been released from the hospital. Officer Padilla and Officer Hammer have even made requests to go back to work. Mr. Speaker, the events of this past weekend reflect the evolving nature of the terrorist threats that our communities are confronting. From homemade explosive devices that are planted in multiple densely populated locations throughout a region to active shooter incidents, today’s threat environment demands that local law enforcement be prepared to respond to these complex attacks. The Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act would formally authorize the $39 million Complex Coordinated Terrorist Attacks program funded in the fiscal year 2016 appropriations bill. The program would help our first responders access the training that is necessary to stay a step ahead of those who would do us harm and to keep our communities safe. I also want to express my deepest appreciation for the first responders and New Jersey citizens who came together to quickly identify and apprehend the suspect in the bombings. By remaining engaged and vigilant, Linden and Elizabeth residents, law enforcement, and first responders kept our communities safe and prevented loss of life. I know a lot of people will not acknowledge the help we got from the Muslim community, but I specifically acknowledge their efforts to assist authorities in apprehending the suspect. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. One thing that all three of us who have spoken on this bill tonight share is a desire to protect our homeland. I know that absolutely, completely to each of our cores we want our homeland protected. The issue comes in how we go about doing that and what lessons have been learned from prior mistakes and prior deaths and injuries. We continue to hear in the media about lone wolves. As Patrick Poole once said, They are not lone wolves. We keep finding that they are known wolves. It seems that, over and over, people who are killing in the name of Allah, killing in the name of the Islamic State and its leader, killing in the name of radical Islamic jihad have been questioned, have surfaced as a threat; yet, when they are investigated, they don’t seem to be able to capture the fact that this is someone who has been radicalized and is going to go about killing people—killing Americans. If we look at Orlando and now at New York City, we are training law enforcement officers to spot nonexistent Islamophobes. That is an expression—a word—that was coined by the organization of the Islamic Council, which has 57 members—or states—or 50 states. I forget. With the United States or the OIC, one of us has 57 states and the other has 50. Anyway, they are the ones who coined the phrases ‘‘Islamaphobe,’’ ‘‘Islamophobia,’’ and that is what is being taught. As we have looked at how Homeland Security money has been spent in trying to prepare against radical Islamists—although they call it countering violent extremism, they don’t want to say the words ‘‘radical Islam.’’ The gentleman from Texas has repeatedly said the phrase ‘‘radical Islam’’ because he understands that that is what it is. Unfortunately, the Homeland Security Department still can’t quite grasp what radical Islam is. For those who wonder is it even possible that money that we would appropriate under this bill, which makes clear on page 4 of the bill that, when applying for the money, at a minimum, the application has to say how the applicant will work with community partners—‘‘community partners.’’ That is an interesting phrase in itself. 
Where have we found that before? We have found that with Homeland Security; we have found that with the FBI; and we have heard testimony in our Judiciary Committee from FBI Director Mueller on the community partnership that they have had with mosques and with different groups, like CAIR. In fact, CAIR, itself, and other Islamic groups have even been actually named as unindicted coconspirators in the Holy Land Foundation trial in which the principals were convicted of supporting terrorism. b2015 There were numerous unindicted coconspirators. The only ones who objected to their listing as unindicted coconspirators brought their motion to be struck from the pleading before the Federal district judge in the case. He examined the evidence and indicated there was plenty of evidence to support them being named as coconspirators. They weren’t satisfied with that; they appealed it to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals examined the evidence that was available and said, just on the evidence available, that these groups that are objecting to being listed as coconspirators, there is plenty of evidence to show that they are coconspirators. The names shall not be struck. Yet, the FBI, the State Department, the Department of Homeland Security, the CIA, and our intelligence agencies continue to follow the instructions of the White House and, that is, to be community partners with these groups that have ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. As I have traveled in the Middle East and North Africa, repeatedly, I have been asked by leaders, once the cameras are out of the room: Why do you not understand the Muslim Brotherhood has been at war with you for decades? You keep helping the Muslim Brotherhood. You keep getting advice from the Muslim Brotherhood. When are you going to learn? In Egypt, where the Muslim Brotherhood was born, Egypt has understood what a threat the Muslim Brotherhood is to Western civilization. They don’t want to recognize our Constitution; they want it supplanted and replaced with Sharia law. We can live in peace with the vast number of Muslims in the world, but we need to be sure we recognize radical Islamic jihadists. So how do we go about training? The Committee on Homeland Security is making a wonderful gesture: Here is money for law enforcement officers to be trained. What happens? Well, they are told they have got to reach out with community partners. And I know from personally questioning formerFBI Director Mueller—I was chastising him for the fact that the United States was notified twice that the older Tsarnaev brother, the Boston bomber, had been radicalized and was going to kill people in the United States—they didn’t do an adequate investigation. The best that I can determine, from the information the FBI provided, they sent an agent to talk to Tsarnaev himself. Apparently, he indicated: Gee, I am not a terrorist. Well, to be sure they did an adequate investigation, they went and talked to his mother. And his mother said, in essence, that he is not a terrorist; that he is a good boy. And the FBI checked the box that he is not a terrorist. He was a terrorist. We also know, from our hearings from material that only a few of us in this Congress have examined that was purged from the FBI training material, they have purged information from the training that our FBI, our intelligence, our Homeland Security, and our Justice Department can have to learn about what radical Islam is. We know that Osama bin Laden, for example, said that he was radicalized, and it began with his reading the Muslim Brotherhood Qutb’s booklet called Milestones. The reading of that booklet helped radicalize Osama bin Laden. I would bet that, of the FBI agents that have been trained under this administration, most of them have never heard of Qutb. So nobody would have known to ask Tsarnaev: Have you read Milestones? What do you think of Milestones? I challenged Mueller that they had not even gone to the mosque to ask questions: How is Tsarnaev acting? Is he becoming more stern, more religious? Has he talked about Qutb? Has he talked about Milestones? What is he reading? I chastised him for not going to the mosque, and the best our FBI director could say was: We did go to that mosque in our outreach program. Oh, yes, they took money that was appropriated to train and prevent terrorism, and they go out and have sit down programs, probably have some meals. I don’t know what all they do in their outreach program, but they are not learning to spot radical Islamists. The Committee on Homeland Security has their heart in the right place. They are wanting to do the right thing. They are hearing from our Department of Homeland Security. Block grants to these law enforcement will allow them to train to prevent—and the language is—they may use the grant to conduct training and exercises consistent with preventing. That is where our training so far is going to help people—whether New York, Orlando, San Bernardino—to spot Islamophobes. That is why when a complaint is made in San Bernardino about the person that would go on to kill so many lives there, take so many lives there—yeah, they investigated, but they thought it was just an Islamophobe because that is what they have been trained to look for. When the FBI got a headsup on the Orlando shooter, they investigated, and they figured, oh, this is probably just Muslim haters. That is what they are spending their money to train for. In New Jersey, they actually investigated Mr. Rahami after his own father reported him as a terrorist after he stabbed his own brother. What does the FBI do? They didn’t go to his social media. If so, they would have learned he had been radicalized. They didn’t bother to look at his travel records, as best we can tell, to see where he traveled, who he saw, where he went, or where he might have been radicalized. No. No. They eventually got from the father a recanting, so they let it go. As a result, countless people were nearly killed. Why? It is not because law enforcement in New Jersey or New York don’t want to do their jobs and do the best job they can and save lives. These are good law enforcement officers, just as they are in San Bernardino and Orlando. They want to do their job, but they haven’t had the right training. I would direct my friends to August 10 through 12 of 2011, Steve Coughlin, who used to brief the Joint Chiefs of Staff on radical Islam, along with some others who have spent their adult life studying radical Islam, was going to do a seminar for law enforcement training in the prevention of terrorist attacks or extremist attacks. Two days before law enforcement around the country were going to go to Langley to our intelligence agency and be trained on how to spot radical Islam, how to prevent these attacks— just like this money is going to be used here—someone with CAIR, the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations, from the story we got, called someone at the White House. Someone at the White House called Langley: Cancel that training. They changed the guidelines so that only people who were going to train about Islamophobia and minimize the training about true radical Islam and how to spot it are now allowed to teach our law enforcement as long as this administration is here in place. So my proposal was: Let’s amend this language, and we could just say that none of this money can be used in correlation or coordinating with or to go to anyone who was named as a coconspirator in the Holy Land Foundation trial, or the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates, or CAIR and its affiliates. This is a suspension bill; it cannot be amended. For that reason, I regretfully must oppose the bill and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ until we can get a bill so law enforcement can be trained to spot radical Islamists and not dismiss those warnings of the radicals as nothing but a bunch of Islamophobes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOHMERT. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I listened diligently to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), who is a friend and a colleague, both in the Judiciary and in the Appropriations Legislative Branch Subcommittee. 
I am not going to address the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) by his first name because judges don’t address opponents by their first name. Mr. GOHMERT , your frustration level is extremely high, as I would argue most Americans’ frustration level is extremely high. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Mr. GOHMERT ’s frustration level is extremely high, as I would argue the American citizens’ frustration level is extremely high. For that reason, he is concerned about what people who are avoiding the intent of the law are doing to circumvent the laws in this country. So am I. But does that mean, because we don’t trust someone in the White House or someone in an agency to do the right thing, we shouldn’t provide the additional training that will keep law enforcement officers from being killed because they weren’t trained well enough to respond in a first responder situation or an active shooter situation? We are trying to get additional funding to train up every person who enforces the law right in this country. I understand Mr. GOHMERT ’s worry about these people who are circumventing the intent of the Congress. We all worry about that quite a bit. But it is not a reason to take down a piece of legislation that will provide needed resources for first responders and law enforcement across this great land. Those people, the better trained they are, the better chance they have got to stay alive. If they stay alive, they can do their job. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, since I know I have very little time left, let me respond. When you can’t trust the people in the White House to train properly to recognize radical Islam, then it is incumbent upon the Congress to put the language in our bill so they don’t have a choice. It is not my level of frustration with people circumventing the law. It is the fact that we have the power to put in the bills who does the training, who will get the training, exactly what kind of training, and we are leaving it to this administration. As a result, my frustration is that people are being killed and injured needlessly. Because, even as we stand here with the language in this bill, this administration has already shown that they will train—in order to prepare for and to prevent a terrorist attack, yes, I know they can get training for active shooting—but they are being trained to prevent and prepare for. You have to learn about Islamophobia. Let’s put the language in there so that this administration cannot prevent the true professors of radical Islam from teaching law enforcement on what to look for to know whether someone is radicalized. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as I already seemed to have expressed fairly passionately with Mr. GOHMERT , I am very proud to support H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act, because this bill authorizes $39 million to allow our first responders to conduct training and exercises to prevent, prepare for, and respond to terrorist attacks, including attacks that involve active shooters. The Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security has provided funds for this program, and I am glad to join the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) in pushing forward a formal authorization. b2030 We have to do everything in our power to make sure our local law enforcement has the ability to respond during terrorist attacks or active shooter scenarios. If you just watch those first respondertrained Dallas policemen as they went into that highrise parking garage, how they parked the cars, how they moved through the cars, that is first responder training and how it saves lives. Time and again we have seen tragic accidents brought to an end by our law enforcement officers, and often they are the first ones on the scene. We must ensure that they have the training they need to do their job safely but effectively. I have long supported similar training through the Department of Justice’s VALOR program, which conducts training right in our backyard in Texas at Texas State University’s ALERRT facility. The President recently signed my POLICE Act, which will allow local law enforcement to access active shooter response training through the COPS grants. I am proud to support this similar legislation that once again gives more resources to our first responders and our law enforcement officers so we can save their lives and help them to save our lives. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), my good friend, stated one thing that was true in his speech, that he does not know what community outreach means. It is something that helps first responders, has helped; but obviously, he has had no experiences with that. This talk and this notion about the White House and what they are and they aren’t and what they do and they don’t do—when our greatest enemy, Osama bin Laden, was in our sights, whoever or whatever at the White House said: Take that shot. So to continue to question certain people’s resolve in keeping the homeland safe I think is disrespectful. Mr. Speaker, nothing in this bill provides that any entity other than law enforcement will be eligible to receive grant funding. Only law enforcement will be eligible. This bill merely provides that community partners that law enforcement are being trained to protect are included in the efforts to prepare for complex and coordinated attacks. This is language I added, and I thank the chairman for his commitment to community preparedness. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), my friend, who is on the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications with me, a subcommittee of Chairman MCCAUL’s Committee on Homeland Security. I rise in support of H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill that was introduced by the leadership of Chairman MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, we recently commemorated the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. In the 15 years since that tragedy, first responders have taken steps—often with the help of Federal homeland security grant funding—to enhance their ability to prevent, prepare for, and respond to terrorist attacks. Much progress has been made in that time. But the terrorist threat is evolving. As Chairman MCCAULnoted, terrorists have transitioned from the 9/11type, largescale attacks to smaller attacks that are either directed or inspired by overseas terrorist organizations. We must ensure that our first responders are prepared to counter changing terrorist tactics, and that is why this bill is so important. H.R. 5859 will provide first responders in major metropolitan areas across our great Nation with funding to address the evolving terror threats facing our homeland, a need reinforced by this weekend’s attacks in New York City and New Jersey. On Saturday morning at 8:30 at a Marine Corps race honoring our veterans, a bomb exploded. Less than 12 hours later, in a busy, restaurantfilled section of Manhattan known as Chelsea, at 8:30, another explosion occurred. And the next evening in Elizabeth, New Jersey, at a train station, another bomb was discovered and eventually exploded as a robot tried to dismantle it. All three of these locations were picked because they are heavily traveled, there were many people there, and it could have caused great destruction. Twentynine people were injured in the Chelsea incident. During the investigation that led to the apprehension of the villain who masterminded these attacks on our innocent citizens, Mr. Rahami, law enforcement tracked and detained associates of his while they were driving through my district, and it was Mr. PAYNE ’s district in which Rahami was apprehended. This is personal to us. 
develop programs for communications. There are over 1 million firefighters in the United States, of which 750,000 are volunteers. Local police departments have about 556,000 fulltime employees. Sheriffs’ offices reported about 291,000 full time employees. There are over 155,000 nationally registered emergency medical technicians (EMT). H.R. 5859 provides an additional resource to first responders to do the work they have dedicated their lives to doing—saving lives. Last year, the House passed my bill, H.R. 2795, the ‘‘First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations,’’ (FRIENDS Act). The FRIENDS Act embodies the important and fundamental idea that we have an obligation to ensure that the first responders who protect our loved ones in emergencies, have the peace of mind that comes from knowing that their loved ones are safe while they do their duty. The FRIENDS Act reflects stakeholder input and bipartisan collaboration with the Majority. I am passionate about the work of those who dedicate themselves to public service. I hold in high regard the service of firefighters, law enforcement officers, emergency response technicians, nurses, emergency room doctors, and the dozens of other professionals who are the ultimate public servants. First responders are called to serve and few outside of their ranks can understand why they do the work that they do each day—placing their lives in harm’s way to save a stranger. A law enforcement officer, fire fighters, and emergency medical technicians make our lives safer, while often at the same time putting their own lives at risk. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5859, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b2045 BEALE AIR FORCE BASE TRAGEDY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise with sadness tonight. In northern California, Beale Air Force Base conducts very important reconnaissance operations. This morning, we lost one of our U–2 aircraft as part of the mission process. Two flight members were part of that aircraft. Both were able to eject. One has passed away, and one is suffering from injuries. I am asking tonight that those who are watching and have heard about this pray for their families, pray for the healing of that one flight member still alive, and pray for their colleagues. Beale conducts very important reconnaissance missions in defense of our country. We are very grateful to all of them. Our hearts go out to the families of those two flight members. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 21, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5713. A bill to provide for the extension of certain longterm care hospital Medicare payment rules, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratorium excepted longterm care hospitals, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–761, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5946. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games; with an amendment (Rept. 114–762). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5963. A bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–763). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5037. A bill to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; with amendments (Rept. 114–764). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5785. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers (Rept. 114–765). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5625. A bill to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–766). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROYCE: Committee on Foreign Affairs. H.R. 5931. A bill to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–767). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 5883. A bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–768). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 470. A bill to authorize the sale of certain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia (Rept. 114–769). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 845. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–770, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5957. A bill to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration (Rept. 114–771). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5873. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–772). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5011. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; with an amendment (Rept. 114–773). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5147. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 774). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5065. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to notify air carriers and security screening personnel of the Transportation Security Administration of such Administration’s guidelines regarding permitting baby formula, breast milk, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–775). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5943. A bill to amend the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allowable uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish periods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–776). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 875. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3438) to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of highimpact rules pending judicial review; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–777). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 876. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–778). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Natural Resources discharged from further consideration. H.R. 845 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5713 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
of Saudi Arabia of M1A1/A2 Abrams Tank structures and other major defense equipment; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HASTINGS: H. Con. Res. 157. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regarding the IsraeliPalestinian peace process and oppose antiIsrael measures considered by the United Nations General Assembly; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Ms. ESHOO ): H. Res. 874. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘Rheumatic Disease Awareness Month’’, in recognition of the costs imposed by rheumatic diseases, the need for increased medical research, and the quality care provided by trained rheumatologists; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. ROEof Tennessee): H. Res. 877. A resolution encouraging each State to enact legislation that increases the likelihood of survival after sudden cardiac arrest in our Nation’s schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. RUSH, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. PASCRELL ): H. Res. 878. A resolution recognizing the 25th anniversary of Ukraine’s act of declaration of independence from the Soviet Union; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5659. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constutition. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 5713. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constutition. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6068. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6069. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 6070. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states; Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 6071. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use.’’ By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6072. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1—the times, places and manner of holiding Elections for Senators and Represenatives, shall be prescribed ni each state by the Legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time make or alter such Regulations, except as to the place of choosing Senators. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6073. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1—the times, places and manner of holiding Elections for Senators and Represenatives, shall be prescribed ni each state by the Legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time make or alter such Regulations, except as to the place of choosing Senators. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6074. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 6075. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 6076. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 6077. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6078. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Section 8, of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6079. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The attached legislation falls under Congress’ enumerated constitutional authority to regulate the postal system pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 7. By Mr. DESAULNIER H.R. 6080. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 6081. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the Constitution’’. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6082. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6083. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6084. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6085. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 6086. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by the 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Ms. M OORE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. SARBANES , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. K USTER , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 379: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 525: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 546: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 604: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 687: Mr. PITTENGER and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 745: Mr. DENT. H.R. 746: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. TONKO . H.R. 771: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 775: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 776: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 802: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 846: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 863: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 932: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1151: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 1192: Mr. GROTHMAN , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. DOGGETT , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1220: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1258: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1342: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1552: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1608: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. ZINKE, and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 1653: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1686: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 1713: Ms. KUSTER and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1728: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1736: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 1943: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2063: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2096: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 2170: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Ms. ESTY. H.R. 2260: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2264: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 2278: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 2293: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2313: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 2342: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 2368: Mr. CLAYand Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 2403: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2431: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 2532: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 2566: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 2660: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2710: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 2715: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 2748: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2752: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 2858: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 2889: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2902: Mr. DENT, Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 2903: Mr. RIGELL . H.R. 2948: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 2957: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2991: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 3012: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3119: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. KILMER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. PETERS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. SERRANO , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 3130: Mr. FOSTER and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 3185: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 3198: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3229: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3235: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 3316: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. R USH, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3355: Mr. KILMER and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 3410: Mr. HONDA and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3660: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3706: Mr. PALLONE , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 3742: Mr. HARDY , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. R OSS, and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . H.R. 3765: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 3882: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3924: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3943: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 3952: Mr. DOLD. H.R. 3991: Mr. RUIZand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4019: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4030: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4184: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4247: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 4298: Ms. TITUS, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia, Mr. HECKof Washington, and Mrs. L UMMIS. H.R. 4559: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 4575: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 4603: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4625: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4626: Mr. COLE, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. M ICA, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 4657: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4764: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4773: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. M EADOWS. H.R. 4816: Mr. KLINE and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 4818: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 4863: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4919: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. K EATING , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. L EE, Mr. STIVERS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 4927: Mr. HIGGINS . H.R. 4980: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. COLE. H.R. 5009: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5015: Mr. ISSAand Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 5090: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. BABIN, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 5177: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5182: Mr. DOLD and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5224: Mr. JONES . H.R. 5292: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5321: Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 5410: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 5418: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. MARCHANT , and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 5432: Mr. ROONEY of Florida and Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 5545: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 5584: Mr. GIBSON , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 5589: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 5600: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 5628: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 5650: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 5689: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 5692: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5721: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 5727: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5732: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. HURDof Texas. H.R. 5765: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 5812: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 5813: Mr. PETERS and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5850: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5851: Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5866: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5883: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 5904: Mr. HUELSKAMP  H.R. 5931: Mr. TURNER and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 5941: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5942: Mr. COHEN , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 5961: Mr. PITTS and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 5962: Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 5963: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T HOMP SON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. BASS, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5965: Mr. FARR. H.R. 5980: Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. HECK of Washington, and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5989: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5996: Ms. BASS. 
H.R. 5999: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 6010: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 6013: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 6016: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 6023: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 6030: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6034: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 6043: Mr. NADLER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 6045: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 6061: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 6062: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 6066: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsyl vania. H. Con. Res. 114: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H. Con. Res. 133: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAMof New Mexico. H. Con. Res. 140: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. LANCE , Mr. D OLD, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. COLE, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. WESTERMAN , and Mr. R OYCE . H. Con. Res. 143: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Con. Res. 150: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York. H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michi gan. H. Res. 94: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H. Res. 289: Mr. DOGGETT . H. Res. 403: Mr. COOPER . H. Res. 540: Mr. QUIGLEY . H. Res. 590: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. GUTHRIE , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee H. Res. 625: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H. Res. 703: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 766: Mr. COHEN . H. Res. 782: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 808: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 840: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. POCAN . H. Res. 853: Mr. MASSIE . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative CICILLINE or a designee to H.R. 3438, the Require Evaluation before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative POLIQUIN , or a designee, to H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5891 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 2016 No. 142 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 