Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, farmers, ranchers, and foresters take great pride in the stewardship of the land. They are the original conservationists. While it may be popular among some to blame farmers and ranchers for any and every environmental concern that crops up, I know that nobody cares more for the environment than those who work the land every day. When a farm family’s livelihood depends on caring for natural resources, there is an undeniable economic incentive to adopt practices to enhance the land’s longterm viability. Unfortunately, the Obama administration has pursued an agenda seemingly absent of any recognition of the consequences for rural America and production agriculture. Obama’s EPA is creating regulations that are burdensome, overreaching, and negatively affecting jobs and the rural economy. Perhaps the most poignant example is the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers’ recent power grab with the waters of the U.S. rule or, as the EPA calls it, the clean water rule. I will be frank, this rule is not about clean water. Everybody wants and deserves clean water. This rule simply embodies EPA’s insatiable appetite for power. When EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy testified before the House Committee on Agriculture in February, members of the committee brought forth many concerns with the WOTUS rule. Numerous times Administrator McCarthy simply brushed off their concerns with statements that were intended to assure us that farmers would have the same longstanding farming exemptions that were originally included in the Clean Water Act. These verbal assurances give little comfort to farmers and ranchers who will face steep civil fines for any violation. While the Administrator was telling the farming community that they have nothing to fear with the new WOTUS rule, a California farmer was being prosecuted by the Justice Department for simply plowing his field. The lawsuit brought against this producer claims that by plowing a field, which every farmer I know considers a normal farming practice, this farmer has created, get this, ‘‘mini mountain ranges’’ in his field. These mountain ranges are furrows from normal farming. The suit also claims that this producer discharged a pollutant into the waters of the U.S. This socalled pollutant was the soil he was plowing. These perceived violations only came to light when an overzealous court bureaucrat just happened to be driving by the property and discovered perceived WOTUS violations on the land. Regardless of the degree to which some deem government regulation justifiable, all regulations must be developed in a manner that is based on science and mindful of the economic consequences. This rule clearly was not. Farmers, ranchers, and foresters believe the EPA is attacking them, and it is easy to understand why. Instead of using the EPA and Corps’ preferred strategy of fear and intimidation, coupled with punitive enforcement and overreaching regulatory authority, we should be building on the successful approach taken in the 2014 farm bill and previous farm bills to protect our natural resources through voluntary incentivebased conservation programs. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. 
In this year of post9/11, we pray that the children of this generation and their children’s children may never have to experience another day like the one that flooded our TV screens so many years ago. Protect and guide this Nation to a new security, built upon human integrity and communal solidarity with all who love freedom and human dignity, while respecting the lives and beliefs of others. Empower the Members of Congress and governments around the world to establish just laws and seek the common good that will lead to ways of equity and peace. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ZIKA FUNDING AND ACCURATE INFORMATION ARE PARAMOUNT TO PROTECT AMERICANS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I come to Congress this week with expectations that perhaps this is the week when, as elected officials, we will do the right thing for south Florida families and Americans across our Nation. Perhaps this is the week in which the Senate will finally pass the longawaited Zika funding bill and then for the House to act, finally. South Floridians are correctly pushing Congress to leave politics aside and to do our job to protect the public. We are already way late in doing so, Mr. Speaker. I look forward to Governor Scott’s meeting with our south Florida congressional delegation later this week, because the facts and figures related to how big a problem Zika is appear not to have been accurately reflected in the summaries provided by the Florida Department of Health, according to a report in the Miami Herald. Detailed, timely, and accurate information are needed to protect our communities from this epidemic. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass the Federal funding needed to fight Zika and ensure that State agencies are providing thorough and accurate reporting of local Zika infections. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, by the end of today, 90 people in America will have died from gun violence. That is beyond tragic. That is heartbreaking. That is 90 too many. While House Republicans shamefully stand idle, I am proud to say that, in my district in the Silicon Valley, my hometown community hereby says: enough. Several years ago, the city of Sunnyvale overwhelmingly passed critical, courageous, and commonsense gun violence prevention measures. Today, the city of San Jose is on the verge of adopting similar measures. I am proud that Silicon Valley is leading by example. It is time now for Congress to act. Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow one more day to go by, and 90 people to die, without doing all that we can to end the epidemic of gun violence. Enough is enough. Give us a vote, Mr. Speaker. Give America a vote. 
JEFF HENDERSON OLYMPIC GOLD (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeff Henderson, who won a gold medal in the long jump during this summer’s Rio Games. A native of McAlmont, the Mac Side, Arkansas, Jeff has been pushing himself to succeed since the humble beginnings of his athletic career. After graduating from Sylvan Hills High School in 2007, where he played football and ran track, Jeff surprised himself and his peers as he tore through the competition in both collegiate and professional track and field. His perseverance would not dwindle in Rio, and Jeff promised his mother, who is battling Alzheimer’s, that he would bring home the gold. After trailing other athletes during the majority of the event, on August 13, 2016, Jeff leapt his way to gold on the final jump, edging past the silver medalist by just 1 centimeter. Our Olympic athletes in Arkansas and throughout the country made our Nation proud this summer, and I am honored to recognize today this Mac Side star, Jeff Henderson, for his historic accomplishment. 
UNFINISHED BUSINESS IN CONGRESS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week, Vice President JOEBIDEN said, ‘‘We are facing a simple reality; we are not doing the people’s most urgent business.’’ He is right. It is long past time that we take up this staggering list of unfinished business in this House. The people in my hometown of Flint still can’t drink the water that comes out of their tap, yet House Republicans have pushed off any meaningful action that would send help to this community in its moment of greatest need. Further, the CDC will run out of resources to fight Zika, with almost 17,000 Americans, including 1,600 pregnant women, infected. Republicans in Congress continue to put their own partisan messaging agenda ahead of fighting Zika, helping the kids of Flint, and even with the opioid epidemic killing 78 people a day. We lose 78 young people a day. No action. We have bipartisan approaches to all of these problems. This body is called together to do the people’s work. We should take up this legislation, and we should do it now, Mr. Speaker. 
MEDIA SHOWS THEIR BIAS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the media’s credibility is at a new low, and it is selfinflicted. That is because they have set out on a maniacal mission to destroy anyone who doesn’t bow to their political views. Why? Clearly, one person poses a threat to the media’s liberal views. He wants to secure the borders; they want mass amnesty for illegal immigrants. He wants to reduce government regulations; they favor more government control. He opposes political correctness; they support speech police. The liberal media think they know better than the American people what is good for them. Let’s hope the voters won’t let the liberal media tell them what to think or how to vote. The future of our democracy depends on a fair, balanced, and unbiased media. 
FUND ZIKA (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I just returned after a weekend in south Florida where people wanted to talk about two things: remembering 9/11 and wondering why Congress can’t figure out how to find the necessary funding for Zika. This morning, Dr. Fauci of the NIH said that if we don’t act, we are at risk of halting the investigation into coming up with a vaccine that can help prevent people from getting Zika. After 9/11, everyone in this country was able to come together as one. We all remember how that felt. My colleague, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , stood on 
the floor just now and talked about the bipartisan support for funding research and a response to Zika. In this partisan body, let’s remember how that felt to stand together, and let’s stand together for the people of south Florida and the people in this country and do the right thing and pass a clean Zika funding bill. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ), my friend and the author of this resolution. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my very good friend from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), who was an original cosponsor of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I want to also thank Ms. ROSLEHTINEN for her leadership and her support of this resolution, as 
well as the chairman of the committee, Mr. ROYCE , for holding a markup on this and ensuring that it received a vote on the floor of the House. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN) for being the lead original cosponsor of this bipartisan resolution. Mr. Speaker, I introduced this resolution shortly after Elie Wiesel’s passing because I wanted to ensure that my colleagues, my constituents, and citizens around the world would never forget the horrors of the Holocaust and the very special and unique legacy of Elie Wiesel. Mr. Wiesel’s tremendous impact has reached millions across the globe, and I believe he truly is one of the most influential and important figures of our time, perhaps of all time. After surviving one of the darkest moments in history, he spoke up and offered a voice to the voiceless. He offered hope to people without hope. He spoke for the millions that we lost in the Holocaust, but also those who survived. He helped educate the entire world on the atrocities committed during the Holocaust, and he ensured, Mr. Speaker, that we would never forget. He was born on September 30, 1928, and in 1944 was deported, along with his family, to Auschwitz. In 1945, he was moved to Buchenwald, where he was eventually liberated. Unfortunately, tragically, many members of his family did not survive. His mother and younger sister died in the gas chamber in Auschwitz. His father passed away in Buchenwald. Only Wiesel and his two older sisters survived. He went on to become a journalist. He published his first book, ‘‘Night,’’ in 1958. I have read it many times. Through the book, he tells the story of his family’s deportation to the concentration camps, and he illuminated the unthinkable atrocities committed by the Nazis. He wrote the book not to reflect on the past, but to warn us about the future, to call out violations of human rights wherever and whenever they occur. And he didn’t stop there. He published so many more books and plays and essays, and he helped all of us have a better understanding and learn from history. Mr. Speaker, he also helped found the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum and, along with his wife, Marion, created the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity. Elie Wiesel was a true humanitarian, fighting against intolerance and injustice and leaving behind a legacy like no other. I met him personally several years ago. I will never forget that meeting. None of us should ever forget his meaning in the world. I am honored to have introduced this resolution in the House, and I know that my colleagues will support this measure in order to honor the life, work, and legacy of Elie Wiesel. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), our esteemed chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I would begin by saying I appreciate the efforts of the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). I appreciate his work here for authoring this resolution. I think it, again, has been said, but his life’s work, Elie Wiesel’s life’s work, cannot possibly be overstated. I think that for those who have called for us to remember, who have called for us to take action, no time is more probably important than today, when we see the antiSemitism, when we saw the attacks in Paris, when we see these attitudes. People say never forget. That is correct. Here are some of the words that he spoke when he was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1986. He said: ‘‘I remember: it happened yesterday or eternities ago. A young Jewish boy discovered the kingdom of night.’’ I think he was 15 at the time that he was held in the Nazi death camps of Auschwitz and later Buchenwald, 15 years of age. He said: ‘‘I remember his bewilderment,’’ speaking of himself. He said: ‘‘I remember the anguish. It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed. ‘‘I remember,’’ and he asked his father, ‘‘‘Can this be true?’ This is the 20th century, not the Middle Ages. Who would allow such crimes to be committed? How could the world remain silent? ‘‘And now the boy is turning to me,’’ he said later in life as he reflected on this. ‘‘‘Tell me,’’’ he asks. ‘What have you done with my future? What have you done with your life?’ ‘‘And I tell him that I have tried. That I have tried to keep the memory alive, that I have tried to fight those who would forget. Because if we forget, we are guilty.’’ If we forget, then ‘‘we are accomplices.’’ So today, we honor his memory by committing to continue his work, to preserve the memory of those who perished in the Holocaust, to protect oppressed minorities that face other genocidal campaigns, and to promote the eternal values of peace, of tolerance, and of understanding for future generations. By passing this resolution, the House will commit to uphold Elie Wiesel’s pledge to never forget. I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her work on this resolution with Mr. STEVE ISRAEL . Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for moving this bill swiftly through the committee to the floor. I am proud and appreciative to have introduced this bill with my friends Congressman ISRAEL and Congressman MEEHAN , my colleagues on the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum Council. It is a testament to Elie Wiesel’s inspirational reach across our country that 158 of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle joined us as original cosponsors. In particular, I am grateful to my friend and colleague, Representative ROSLEHTINEN , for her commitment to all of the ideals that Elie Wiesel lived out. H. Res. 810 recognizes the incredible life of accomplishments of Elie Wiesel. Elie Wiesel was a legend, the kind of influential figure that changes people around him and leaves the world in a much better place. His story is taught in classrooms, his work is read by millions in dozens of languages, and his accomplishments are recalled in halls of governments around the world. He lived through one of history’s darkest moments. He survived Auschwitz and Buchenwald, scenes of some of the manifestations of the worst evil of humankind in modern history, and he went on to become an acclaimed writer, human rights activist, and Nobel laureate. This giant of a man refused to stay silent as other atrocities took place around the world in the years following the Holocaust. From Rwanda to Kosovo, from Cambodia to Sudan, Elie Wiesel always spoke out because, as he put it, ‘‘I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation. We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.’’ The last sentence reverberates loudly around the world today: ‘‘Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.’’ Mr. Speaker, this resolution is the least we can do to respect and to honor Elie Wiesel’s memory, so let’s do more. Over 70 years after the Holocaust, bigotry and prejudice continue to plague societies around the world. AntiSemitism, the millenniaold hatred of Jews that spawned Hitler’s Final Solution, can still be found today; antiSemitism from Paris to Buenos Aires, from Malmo to Marseilles, to London, and antiSemitism on the streets, online, and on college campuses. Time after time, Jewish communities around the world are forced to make a decision: Is it safe for me to send my children to a Jewish school? Can we walk to synagogue without fear of the heckling? And might it be time for me and for my family to move from our neighborhood, our community, or even our country because of the antagonism and hatred and violence that forces us to flee, like other times in Jewish history? I am proud of the bipartisanship that this topic receives from my colleagues and the widespread membership of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating AntiSemitism, and I know that we will continue to use our platforms and 
our tools to keep Jewish communities safe. But the intolerance that Wiesel spoke out against wasn’t limited to antiSemitism. His life’s experiences compelled him to focus our attention on any part of the world where innocent people are being targeted. Five and a half years into the Syrian conflict, over 400,000 people have lost their lives; millions of others are displaced. Thousands of Syrian children born in the last 5 years now know only the life of living in a refugee camp or makeshift residences. I am hopeful that the recently announced ceasefire will hold; but there have been some egregious injustices done to innocent Syrians by both the Assad regime and radical terrorist groups like ISIS. We cannot allow these violations to go unpunished, and we must pay attention to these atrocities every day, not only on the days when painful images of young children dominate social media, whether a refugee washed ashore or a bloodstained boy from Aleppo who has known only war. Whether it is war in Syria, turmoil in South Sudan, systemic human rights violations in Venezuela or in Iran, or attacks on women and girls in too many places in the world, it is our duty to keep the attention and pressure on human rights violators and do everything we can to protect innocent civilians. We must commit ourselves to promoting tolerance, speaking out against injustice, taking action against bigotry in all its forms, and upholding and living out the principle that comes from the Holocaust: ‘‘Never Again.’’ Elie Wiesel did his part and changed our world. Let’s elevate Elie Wiesel’s memory and continue his work. Silence encourages the tormentor. Today we speak out. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida for yielding to me. I rise in support of his resolution. Let me start by thanking my colleague and friend from New York (STEVE ISRAEL ) for his hard work on this measure. Mr. Speaker, on July 2, a light went out of this world. Elie Wiesel was a champion of human rights, peace, and Holocaust remembrance. And though he is gone, his life and work and message are seared on our collective conscience. Born in Romania in 1928, he survived the Sighet ghetto, Auschwitz, and Buchenwald. He was inmate number A– 7713, and his number was tattooed on his arm. His mother and sister died in death camps. When I was a little boy growing up in the Bronx, we had many people who were Holocaust survivors, and they had tattoos all over their arms, on the other side of their wrists. I remember that very, very vividly, and it is something that has been seared into my memory through the years. When Wiesel was liberated by the United States in 1945, he moved to France and then immigrated to America. b1430 In 1955, while living in France, he wrote ‘‘Night,’’ the story of his experience with his father in the Nazi death camps, and this book became the foundation of Holocaust literature. I would advise everyone to read this book. He was one of the first to put pen to paper to chronicle his own view of the darkest chapter in human history. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986. Upon giving him the prize, the Nobel Committee announced, ‘‘Wiesel is a messenger to mankind; his message is one of peace, atonement and human dignity . . . Wiesel’s commitment, which originated in the sufferings of the Jewish people, has been widened to embrace all repressed peoples and races.’’ Wiesel’s advocacy for victims of oppression around the world was his most recent legacy. He championed the cause of saving Darfur. He defended the Tamil people in Sri Lanka. He was outspoken against the Iranian nuclear program, and he spoke out for people around the world who were being mistreated. Most recently, he dedicated himself to stopping the massacres of the Syrian people. He called for an international criminal trial against Assad, charging him with crimes against humanity. We on the Foreign Affairs Committee have seen documentations of those crimes against humanity of what Assad has been doing to his own people. Wiesel said that the public response to Assad’s use of gas against the Syrian people was inadequate. I certainly agree. Elie Wiesel constantly reminded us that indifference to the suffering of others is what allows evil to take hold. We must all take it upon ourselves to live Wiesel’s legacy. As was mentioned by my colleague before, antiSemitism, once again, is rearing its ugly head around the world, and we have to speak out and condemn it and condemn all other kinds of discrimination as well. So never again— not to Jews, not to Syrians, not to African Americans, not to anyone. This resolution honors the legacy of Elie Wiesel and reflects our commitment to carry his work and his message forward. It is important that we come together on this. I remember when we had our annual Holocaust Remembrance services right in the Capitol discussing things with Elie Wiesel. We took a few pictures together. It is certainly something that I will cherish for the rest of my life So, Mr. Speaker, I’m glad to support this measure. I ask everyone to vote for it. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, through his writing, his work, and his life, Elie Wiesel helped the world know what transpired when Hitler tried to annihilate the Jews; and he lifted up the world in committing himself, and now all of us, to doing everything we can to ensure that nothing like that ever transpires again. I am so grateful to my friend, Mr. ISRAEL , and to the other Members who coauthored this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we have heard from every eloquent speaker before us, Elie Wiesel represented the best of humanity. He was someone who refused to allow human suffering to continue without protest, no matter the race, the religion, or the political views of the suffering. There you would always find Elie Wiesel’s voice. He said: ‘‘There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.’’ Elie Wiesel dedicated his life to ensuring that we learn the lessons of the past, that we remember atrocities like the Holocaust, and that we refuse to allow indifference to condemn the oppressed to a life without the world’s assistance or solidarity. As we move to pass this resolution here today, Mr. Speaker, we reaffirm our commitment to Elie Wiesel’s legacy to combating hate, to fighting against intolerance in all of its forms, and ensuring that we will never forget the consequences of indifference. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this important resolution, but I also urge my colleagues to take a moment to reflect upon Elie Wiesel’s lifelong message and his mission. It is fitting that the House is acting today on this resolution honoring the life of this great man, Elie Wiesel, but later today will also be considering a resolution recognizing the plight of Holocaust survivors. The United States has a responsibility and, indeed, a moral obligation to fulfill this legacy. For too long we have allowed human rights to merely be an afterthought rather than a driving force in our foreign policy. We can do better, and we must do better. Let’s do so with Elie Wiesel in mind. Mr. Speaker, I would like to include the following remarks from Elie Wiesel: 
I remember: On April 18th, 1944 on a house to house operation destined to rob all Jewish families of their fortunes, a policeman and an elegantly dressed Hungarian lieutenant entered our home in Sighet and asked for all our valuables: he confiscated: 431 Pengo ¨s, our entire cash, 1 camera, my fountain pen, 1 pair of seemingly gold earrings, 1 golden ring, 1 silver ring, 3 ancient silver coins, 1 military gas mask, 1 sewing machine and 3 batteries for flashlights. They dutifully signed a document, which I have in my possession, and left for my grandmother Nissel’s home, two houses away. 
She was a war widow. Her husband, my grandfather whose name Eliezer I try to wear with pride, fell in battle as a medic. In mourning, a profoundly pious woman, she wore black clothes, rarely spoke and read Psalms uninterruptedly. A similar official document listed HER valuables . . . One Pengo¨, two coins, three smaller coins. And two pieces of 21cm tall solid brass candlesticks. That’s all she possessed. Bureaucracy was supreme and eternal even then: whether official murder or robbery, not fearing embarrassment or retribution, everything had to be recorded. Why the Hungarian and German armies needed was her pitiful life’s savings and her Shabbat candlesticks to win their war is beyond me. At times I am overcome with anger thinking of the red coat my little 8year old sister Tsipuka had received for our last holiday: she wore it in Birkenau walking, walking hand in hand with my mother and grandmother towards . . . A daughter of an SS must have received it as a birthday present. Just measure the added ugliness of their hideous crimes: they stole not only the wealth of wealthy but also the poverty of the poor. The first transport left our ghetto one month later. Only later did I realize that what we so poorly call the Holocaust deals not only with political dictatorship, racist ideology and military conquest; but also with . . . financial gain. Stateorganized robbery, or just money. Yes, The Final solution was ALSO meant to remove from Jewish hands all their buildings, belongings, acquisitions, possessions, valuable objects and properties . . . Industries, art work, bank accounts . . . And simple everyday objects . . . Remember: before being shot by Einsatzkommandos, or before pushed into the gaschambers, victims were made to undress . . . Six millions shirts, undershirts, suits, scarfs, pairs of shoes, coats, belts, hats . . . countless watches, pens, rings, knives, glasses, children’s toys, walking sticks . . . Take any object and multiplied it by six million . . . All were appropriated by the Third Reich. It was all usefully calculated, almost scientifically thought through, programmed, industrialized . . . Jews were made to be deprived of their identity, and also of their reality . . . In their nakedness, with names and title and relations worthless, deprived of their self esteem of being the sum total of their lives both comprised all that had accumulated in knowledge and in visible categories . . . When the war ended, what was the first response to its unspeakable tragedy? For us individual Jews, the obsession was not vengeance but the need to find lost family members. Collectively, in all DP camps, a powerful movement was created to help build a Jewish State in Palestine. In occupied Germany itself, the response moved to the judiciary. The Nu ¨remberg Trials, the SS trials, the Doctors trials. Wiedergutmachung, restitution, compensation: were not on the agenda. The immensity of the suffering and the accompanying melancholy defied any expression in material terms. In liberated countries, in Eastern Europe, surviving Jews who were lucky to return to their homes and/or stores were shamelessly and brutally thrown out by their new occupants. Some were killed in instantaneous pogroms. Who had the strength to turn their attention to restitution? Then came the GoldmannAdenauer agreement on Wiedergutmachung. The first IsraeloGerman conference took place early 1953 in Vassenaar, Holland. Israeli officials and wealthy Jews from America and England allegedly spoke on behalf of survivors, none of whom was present. I covered the proceedings for Israel’s Yedioth Ahronoth. I disliked what I witnessed. I worried it might lead to precarious reconciliation. It did. The icy mood of the first meetings quickly developed in friendly conversations at the bar. Then also, deep down, I opposed the very idea of ‘Shilumim’. I felt that money and memory are irreconcilable. The Holocaust has ontological implications; in its shadow monetary matters seem quasi frivolous. In the name of Israel’s national interest, David Ben Gurion’s attitude was, on the other hand, quoting the prophet’s accusation of David, ‘Haratzachta vegam yarashta’: should the killer be his victim’s heir? Logic was on his side, emotion was on mine. In the beginning we spoke about millions, at the end the number reached billions. International accords with governments, insurance companies, private and official institutions in Germany, Switzerland and various countries. In Israel, local industry benefitted from the endeavor. As did needy individual survivors elsewhere too, including Europe and America. Throughout those years, chroniclers, memorialists, psychologists, educators and historians discovered the Holocaust as their new field of enquiry. Some felt inadequate and even unworthy to loon into mystics would call forbidden ground, Having written enough pages on the subject, I confess that am not satisfied with my own words. The reason: there are no words. We forever remain on the threshold of language itself. We know what happened and how it happened; but not WHY it happened. First, because it could have been prevented. Second, the why is a metaphysical question. It has no answer. As for the topic before us this morning. I am aware of the debate that was going on within various Jewish groups on the use to be made of the monies requested and received: who should get how much: institutions or persons? The immediate answer is: both. However, it is with pained sincerity that I must declare my conviction that living survivors of poor health or financial means, deserve first priority. They suffered enough. And enough people benefitted FROM their suffering. Why not do everything possible and draw from all available funds to help them live their last years with a sense of security, in dignity and serenity. All other parties can and must wait. Do not tell me that it ought to be the natural task of local Jewish communities; let’s not discharge our responsibilities by placing them on their shoulders. WE have the funds. Let’s use them for those survivors in our midst who are on the threshold of despair. Whenever we deal with this Tragedy, we better recall the saying of a great Hasidic Master: You wish to find the spark, look for it in the ashes. (Prague restitution: unedited draft) ELIEWIESEL . 
TRIBUTE DINNER , MAY 16 , 2011 I’ve always believed that a human being can be defined by his or her openness to gratitude. For someone who has none, something is wrong with that person. I believe in gratitude, as a Jew, because in our tradition the first thing we do in the morning when we get up is recite a prayer of gratitude to God for making us realize that we are still alive. Listening tonight to all you said about my work, I wonder whether words of gratitude are enough. Maybe I should compose a poem, or sing a song. It is more than rewarding. Often my wife, the love of my life, and I discuss when I have to travel somewhere. ‘‘Look,’’ she says, ‘‘you are getting older.’’ She doesn’t say ‘‘old.’’ ‘‘Maybe you should stop, it’s enough.’’ Then I try to make her realize that it’s never enough. And now, a story. And a poem. The poem was written by a very great Israeli author called Uri Zvi Greenberg and the poem, in Hebrew, is about Sipur al Na’ar Yerushalmi. This is the story about a Jerusalemite boy who one day turned to his mother and said, ‘‘Mother, I want to go to Rome.’’ And the mother says ‘‘What? You are in Jerusalem! Why do you want to go to Rome?’’ ‘‘Mother, I want to learn something about Roman culture.’’ In the beginning she refused. Then she gave in, but she said to him, ‘‘Look my son, you go to Rome. Do you know anybody there?’’ ‘‘No.’’ ‘‘What will you do in the evening?’’ He said, ‘‘I don’t know . . . I will go into the field and lie down and sleep.’’ And she said, ‘‘Okay, but one thing I want you to take from me: a pillow, and when you lie down to sleep you will at least have a pillow under your head.’’ He did, and every day, he left Rome, went into the fields, went to sleep, on his pillow. One night, the pillow caught fire. That night, the temple of Jerusalem went up in flames. Can we live like that? That an event which takes place thousands of miles away has such an effect on us? That, I believe, is what the memory of the fire is doing to all of us. It makes us aware of all those who need us, all those who need maybe our words and occasionally our silence—but I mean silence in the mystical sense, not in a pragmatic situation when silence is forbidden. What can we do with our memories unless these memories help others in their lives, in their endeavors? There is so much to remember. Sometimes it’s not easy. Hegel spoke of the excess of knowledge. We have another problem: the excess of memory. It is simply too much, too heavy. We have here a man whose name should be remembered: Mark Talisman. He was vice chairman when I was chairman. I remember we spoke about it in our meetings: whom are we to remember? Naturally, first the Jews: they were the first victims, six million Jews. But we must limit that memory, which means what? I came up with an idea: that not all victims were Jewish, but all Jews were victims. So that means, as Jews, because we remember our Jewish tragedy, we make it more universal. That is the definition almost of our Jewishness: the more Jewish the Jew, the more universal the message. And we worked on it here, and then we said okay, we remember the suffering, we remember the fire, but what about the next step? What did those who survived do with their survival? Their message is not a message of despair. It is a message of hope. We taught the world how to build on the ruins. Therefore, among the priorities that we had for this project was actually to give the survivors their place of honor in our society however we could, always for survivors first, not only because what they could say no one else had the authority to say, but also because they as human beings, as fathers, grandfathers, had something to say again, and it is almost impossible not to listen to them. And by the way, what Mark tells me now: there are survivors . . . Now of course many have done very well, and the fact is, what they have done among you, what they have done here in the Museum—the role of the survivors not only morally but also financially—is extraordinary. But there are survivors today who are still living in poverty, and I believe that we in this Museum should pay attention to that and do whatever we can to help them. And naturally, more than anyone else, we must feel empathy with those who suffer today, in Rwanda, in Darfur, in Cambodia . . . 
I addressed the General Assembly, some ten years ago or more. I gave my address, entitled ‘‘Will the World Ever Learn?’’ and I came out with a very sad answer: ‘‘no.’’ Because it hasn’t learned yet. Had the world learned, there would have been no Rwanda, and no Darfur, and no genocide, and no mass murder. It hasn’t learned, otherwise there would be no antisemitism today. Antisemitism is the most irrational, absurd emotion that one can encounter. Somewhere, anywhere, there is someone who hates me, although he or she never met me. He or she hated me before I was born, and here it is, still practiced in certain places. But then because of our experience we must feel—and we have felt—those who suffer today from all kinds of diseases. Take children. What you said about my little sister is true: I carmot speak about her without shedding tears. Because of her, my major preoccupation are the children of the world. Whenever I espouse a human rights cause it always has to do with children. Every minute that we spend here tonight, somewhere on this planet a child dies of hunger, of disease, of violence, or of indifference. Life is not made of years. Life is made of moments. Sara, you called them ‘‘formative moments.’’ I simply say moments. At the end of my life, when I come to heaven, and there will be a scale, my good deeds, my other deeds, it’s not my years that will be on the scale, but the moments. Some are good, glorious. Others are less so. Nothing of my life in this project—most of that experience was as rewarding. Every moment has its weight, has its meaning, and has left its legacy here in this extraordinary experience which the Museum is for anyone who enters it. I remember during the inauguration, what President Clinton mentioned. I turned to him and I said he must do something about Sarajevo, about the tragedy in Bosnia. It was Clinton who later on, on television, spoke about the role of the citizen. And he simply said, ‘‘you want to know what a simple citizen can do? A simple citizen can change America’s policy in the Balkans.’’ He turned to me and said, ‘‘He did it.’’ What we can do with memory is of incommensurable importance. We really can change the world. And so, for these moments and for your kindness and for all the commitment to remembrance which is the noblest endeavor a human being can undertake: simply to remember the dead. To forget the dead would mean not only to betray them but to give them a second death, to kill them again. We couldn’t prevent the first death, but the second one we can, and therefore we must. And so, whenever we deal with memory, you should think that the pillow under your head is burning. Thank you. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to start by thanking Senator NELSON for advancing this 
measure through the other body. I would also like to recognize the good work of Chairman Emeritus ROS LEHTINEN as well as Congressman DEUTCH for their companion resolution which passed this body in June with the unanimous support of our colleagues. The horrors wrought by the Nazi regime did not end when the prisoners finally walked out from behind the barbed wire fences in 1945. The aftereffects of Hitler’s death camps still haunt the lives of those who remain. Tens of thousands of Holocaust survivors throughout the world live in poverty. The problem is staggering. There are 195,000 survivors and their families, according to the Registry of Holocaust Survivors, that remain. Most of those survivors, original survivors, are in their eighties today. The world loses 1,000 of those survivors every month. But today, more than one in four lack sufficient access to or funds for necessary medical, home care, mental health care, medicine, and transportation—essential tools which would allow them to live their final years in comfort and in dignity. For decades, Germany has instituted and funded a number of aid programs in recognition of its moral obligation to guarantee for those survivors—to guarantee—a chance at such a life. However, as they age, Holocaust victims’ health and assistance needs—already more demanding than those of their peers—evolve and intensify. German evaluations of government programs this year exposed gaps in home care, in mental health programs, and in longterm medical care, and this must be remedied. Chancellor Merkel has acknowledged Germany’s responsibility to those who survived Hitler’s terror. The government has also affirmed that more must be done. A highlevel working group was recently established to develop proposals for more extensive assistance for home care and for social welfare needs, but the negotiations for these changes, these program changes, under German law have stalled. Time is of the essence. Every day that decisions are stalled, we lose another survivor, we lose another story, and we lose another chance to show our respect for those individuals who have already endured what no one should. That is why our ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL , and I are supportive of this measure and would urge all Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution. I want to thank the chairman, as always, for being so cooperative and important in passing this legislation. I want to thank my friends from Florida, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. D EUTCH , who introduced the House companion to this resolution, which I was proud to cosponsor and which passed the House in June. Mr. Speaker, there are roughly a half million survivors of the Holocaust alive today—many people think it is not much, but it is, a half million—all over the world. Many of these men and women are now reaching their eighties and nineties, and some even older. These individuals, of course, lived through the darkest chapter in human history. They endured unspeakable horrors, and many still suffer the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that experience. So it is absolutely tragic that so many survivors today are forced to live in poverty with inadequate health care, food, and access to transportation. It is unconscionable that, at the end of their lives, these people find themselves without adequate support. Now, the Government of Germany accepts responsibility to support these survivors and, over the decades, has done a great deal, but even their officials acknowledge that more needs to be done. This resolution calls on the authorities in Germany to make sure every Holocaust survivor has the support and resources they need to live in dignity. We know it is never easy for a government to dig deeper, but in the case of this generation of survivors, there should not be any question that they should be able to live out their lives without worrying over how to pay the medical bills or the grocery bills. It is important that we do this. I am glad to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ). Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, our wonderful chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for the time, and I thank the ranking member as well. What a joy it has been to work with my Florida colleague, TEDDEUTCH , on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, we have before us a concurrent resolution introduced by our wonderful Florida Senator, BILLNELSON. This measure follows a similar bipartisan resolution that my south Florida friend, TEDDEUTCH , and I introduced earlier this year, which this body passed unanimously in June. The vote was 363–0. I want to thank Senator NELSON as well as Senator COLLINS for taking the lead on this initiative in the Senate and for the Senate taking action, passing this important resolution, and bringing it back to us. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their support on this measure and helping it get to the floor today. This bipartisan resolution, Mr. Speaker, is simple, but it is so important. It calls on Germany to honor its moral and historical obligations to all Holocaust survivors and to provide for their unmet needs immediately and comprehensively. That is something that is going to happen thanks to all of the good men and women here. For TED, for Senator N ELSON , and for me, this issue hits very close to home, Mr. Speaker. As Members of Congress from the State of Florida, we represent thousands of Holocaust survivors. Some 15,000 are estimated to be living in south Florida alone. But it hits even closer to home today. Why? Because, when I spoke on this floor in June in support of the version that Mr. DEUTCH and I introduced in the House, I mentioned several of the Holocaust survivors whom TEDand I have been honored to call our dear friends. Among them was a remarkable and incomparable gentleman named Jack Rubin. Sadly, Jack passed away July 11, at the age of 88. b1445 Jack and his two sisters survived the unimaginable, Mr. Speaker—the atrocities of humanity’s darkest period. Jack managed to survive the nightmares of Auschwitz and three other death camps, four in total, until he was, as he testified in Congress in 2008, ‘‘liberated on May 1, 1945, from hell, by the U.S. Army.’’ Once Jack came to the United States, he served in the U.S. Army. That is how much he loved his new country. For all that Jack had witnessed, for all that Jack had lived through, somehow he drew strength from his trials and tribulations and became a leading force in the fight for justice and dignity for all Holocaust survivors. And on this issue that we have before us today, Mr. Speaker, Jack was an unwavering voice and a force for justice. He led the call for Germany to honor its commitments to provide for all of the survivors’ medical, mental, and home care needs. Thankfully, Jack lived to see the House pass our resolution. He even lived to see the Claims Conference in Germany announce an alleged major expansion in home care for Holocaust survivors. But, Mr. Speaker, I think that if Jack were here today, he would say: But we must do more. You see, as part of the heralded announcement by the Claims Conference in Germany, Germany was supposed to lift the home care caps for all concentration camp and ghetto survivors. Yet, the sad truth is, Mr. Speaker, according to the reports that we have seen, this claim is just not true, and many survivors are still subjected to arbitrary caps on home care hours, some even having their weekly hours reduced. What has happened? 
To make matters worse, the Claims Conference in Germany’s recent negotiations did not even address the horrendous shortfalls in funding for emergency services such as medicine, medical care, dental care, hearing aids, and other vital services for survivors. This omission is inexcusable, Mr. Speaker. It will cause further needless suffering and deaths among survivors in need of help. Germany has an obligation to do better than that, and I am optimistic that it will. We have an obligation to Holocaust survivors to do better to ensure that they live out their days in the dignity and comfort that they deserve. What does this mean, Mr. Speaker? It means full funding for all health and welfare needs for all survivors. That is why this resolution before us today is so timely and so important. My friend, Jack Rubin—and I know that he was Mr. DEUTCH ’s friend as well—dedicated his life to justice for all Holocaust survivors. It is up to us to keep fighting for all the Jack Rubins of the world to continue Jack’s legacy until justice is finally won. I will keep fighting for Jack’s legacy and for all survivors. I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and to support this resolution. We must urge our German friends to do more, to do the right thing for all Holocaust survivors. Passing this resolution will send a strong message that we believe the job is not yet done and that more must be done. Those of us—like Mr. DEUTCH , like Mr. ROYCE , and like Mr. E NGEL —who have been in the forefront—Senators NELSON and C OLLINS —of the fight for Holocaust survivors’ rights, needs, and interests are grateful for the unanimous support of our colleagues in the House and in the Senate for these resolutions. Mr. Speaker, it has been over 70 years since humanity’s darkest period, yet many survivors today still face lingering injustices of the Holocaust. We have had opportunities to address these injustices and, indeed, we have had an obligation to address them and to try to fix the wrongs of the past. Germany has acknowledged its responsibility and its obligations to Holocaust survivors. Congress has acknowledged that we have a moral obligation to survivors—many of whom are American citizens, many of whom are our constituents, and many of whom live today at or below the poverty line. We must acknowledge that too many Holocaust survivors are forced, even today, over 70 years later, to continue to suffer the injustices of the past and the indifference of the present. But for the survivors who remain and for all whom we have lost, we must—and we are here today—take a stand. We hope Chancellor Merkel of Germany and the German Government will hear our pleas for action and take them to heart so that the remaining survivors may live out their lives in the comfort and the dignity that they deserve. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would say that if we are going to stand for justice for all survivors, then we must also acknowledge the other still unresolved injustices being inflicted on Holocaust survivors in our time—specifically, the act of being denied their day in court. It is simply unconscionable that insurance companies such as Allianz and Generali have managed to dishonor tens of thousands of insurance policies they sold to Jews in Europe before the Holocaust, and continue to deny Holocaust survivors and their families these paidfor obligations. To this day, they refuse to acknowledge this. The obligations of the insurers are moral and financial. I believe it is imperative that this Congress rectify the unfortunate reality that makes Holocaust survivors secondclass citizens by denying them access to U.S. courts to attempt to reclaim these family legacies. It is quite simply a right they have been denied far too long. We cannot bring them back, we cannot correct the problems that happened in the past, but we can correct them now, Mr. Speaker. We can correct them for the heirs who deserve justice. It is within our power to do so. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleagues in Congress for supporting this resolution. I thank them for lending their voices to the cause of justice for all Holocaust survivors. This is just one step—it is an important step—in the long road to justice. I implore my friends and colleagues to continue to do more in support for all Holocaust survivors. I thank my good friend, the chairman of our committee, for this time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to first congratulate my colleague from south Florida for her outstanding statement and her outstanding work. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and an author of the House companion to this resolution. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friends, Ranking Member ENGEL  and Chairman ROYCE , for their efforts. A sincere thanks to my dear friend, Chairman ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , for her partnership on this effort, her unyielding commitment to seeing that there is justice. She has been a tireless advocate for Holocaust survivors and the entire community. I also want to thank our Florida colleague, Senator BILLNELSON , and Senator C OLLINS , for spearheading this effort in the Senate. We share a deep commitment to ensuring that every survivor can live out his or her life with dignity. It is a commitment that was inspired each and every day by those in our own communities. But for me, especially, it was a commitment inspired every day by our great friend and Holocaust survivor, my constituent, Jack Rubin. Jack survived Auschwitz and three other death camps before he was liberated at age 16. He was the only member of his family to survive. For decades, Jack fought for the needs of the survivor community. He fought for the right to seek justice. He was a voice for so many of those who had no one to speak for them. He traveled to Washington, D.C., many times at his own expense, well into his eighties. He testified in front of Congress. For me, Jack was a friend and a mentor. He was a cheerleader, he was an eternal optimist. He believed that it wasn’t too late, it was never too late, to make a real difference in the lives of those who had suffered history’s greatest tragedy. When the House version of this resolution passed back in June, Jack was watching from his home in Boynton Beach, Florida. When I returned to my office from speaking on the floor, I had a message from Jack telling me that he had tears in his eyes as he watched the House vote and that it was the best birthday present he could have asked for. Jack Rubin passed away in July, just days before the Senate passed this resolution. His wife, Shirley, his children, and especially his grandchildren, understood the commitment that he made throughout his lifetime to help those in need, especially in the survivor community. And while significant progress has been made on survivor care, Jack did not, unfortunately, live to see the day when every Holocaust survivor has his or her medical and mental health care needs met. So we continue this fight. We will press on, and passing this resolution today is the first step in continuing the legacy of my friend, Jack Rubin. When the House passed a version of this resolution in June, we were awaiting the results of a special round of negotiations between the German Government and the Claims Conference. In December 2015, the Government of Germany acknowledged the significant gap in funding for survivor care. As a result, Germany agreed to a new, high level working group that would conduct additional negotiations aimed to close the gap for funding of home care needs. In an effort to make clear the severity of the needs and the critical importance of these negotiations, Chairman ROSLEHTINEN and I introduced the House companion to this resolution. The introduction and passage of that resolution, which urged the German Government to fulfill its moral and financial obligations to victims of the Holocaust, sent a very clear message to our German friends that the U.S. Congress was watching these negotiations. As we watched, a significant increase in home care funding was announced for 2016 and 2017, and a new agreement reached for 2018. Arbitrary caps placed on the number of home care hours allowed were also lifted. This is a commendable step forward, but there are still so many unmet needs. I am deeply appreciative of the decadeslong commitment of the German Government to caring for survivors. I 
have spoken directly to Chancellor Merkel about this commitment, and I know that it is personal for her. I want our German friends to understand that this isn’t about getting to a specific dollar figure. This is about continuing to meet all needs for a very small, very fragile part of the population that is rapidly aging. This is the last chance to make sure that those who suffered through the most horrific crimes against humanity are cared for. Survivors are in their eighties, nineties, and into their one hundreds. There is a finite amount of time left. This is not an indefinite commitment on the part of Germany. The resolution before us today continues to support the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims in the United States and around the world are able to live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years. No amount of money can ever erase the tragedies of the past. No amount of money is ever a substitute for justice. But the daytoday suffering of this very vulnerable population can be eased. The needs of elderly survivors are exacerbated by their physical and mental experiences during the Holocaust. Leaving their own homes for institutionalized care is often not an option. The tragic loss of many family members at the hands of Nazis means that many survivors rely on social services for meal deliveries or rides to doctor appointments. These are the most basic of human needs, and they deserve to have them met. I want to thank my friend, Chairman ROSLEHTINEN , and I want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL and Chairman ROYCE for their support, and Senator NELSON and Senator C OLLINS for their efforts in the Senate. I want to urge my colleagues to join us in urging Germany to ensure basic dignity and comfort for survivors. When you look into the eyes of survivors in my district, as I do quite often, they worry about others. They say: Never again. But we should worry about them. For their remaining time on this Earth, they deserve peace through living out their lives with dignity. Germany can help make sure that they do. Jack Rubin knew and fought for that literally until his last breath, and this resolution commits Congress to that fight for dignity. b1500 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Our colleagues have been very eloquent this afternoon, and I agree with everything that has been said here, along with what the chairman has said. Mr. Speaker, every year we lose more and more of those who lived through the Holocaust, and it is unthinkable that many spend their last days in poverty with no support network. Nobody wants that. With this resolution, we are simply saying that this should not be the case. We are saying that these survivors should never go without assistance and resources and that it is time for the Government of Germany to work with its partners and correct this problem. So for all the reasons that were mentioned, I support this measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. So I think, for the Members here, we all understand that we have to commit to do all we can to honor and to support those survivors who are still with us. Their stories serve as testaments to the consequences of doing nothing in the face of evil. Within these victims’ lifetimes, we have already seen the minimization and the outright denial of the nightmares visited personally upon them during the Holocaust. We have already seen those who deny the existence of the Holocaust, as Iran did in May of this year again when it hosted yet another denial of the Holocaust and Holocaust cartoon contest. We owe it to those who suffered through Hitler’s genocide to empower them to live the remainder of their lives in dignity and to hold to Elie Wiesel’s pledge: that we shall never forget. I urge every Member’s support for this resolution. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the concurrent resolution, S. Con. Res. 46. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR A NEW MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING ON MILITARY ASSISTANCE TO ISRAEL Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 729) expressing support for the expeditious consideration and finalization of a new, robust, and long term Memorandum of Understanding on military assistance to Israel between the United States Government and the Government of Israel. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material for the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank my good friends, the gentlewoman and gentleman from Florida, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. DEUTCH , who are chair and ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, for their hard work and leadership in bringing this important measure to the floor today. And I also thank the ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL from New York, for his work on the resolution as well. Israel is one of America’s closest friends, and Israel is facing growing threats. Today Iran’s leading terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, has thousands of missiles and rockets and mortars that are aimed at Israel—over 100,000. And the threat from Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps is even worse, as we hear from those chants: ‘‘Death to Israel.’’ The United States must stand with Israel to help promote security and stability in the volatile Middle East. And next year, the current memorandum of understanding signed with Israel in 2007 that guaranteed Israel $3.1 billion per year in foreign military financing will expire. The administration and Israel are currently negotiating the terms of a new package for the next 10 years, ensuring that Israel will maintain its qualitative military edge in the region. That is the goal of Mr. ELIOT ENGEL . That is my goal. That is the goal of our subcommittee chairman and ranking member. This new agreement will guide our security cooperation: from Iron Dome and David’s Sling, defending Israel from the air, to cooperative initiatives aimed at tunnel detection, defending Israel from below. This relationship has real benefits for the United States. The two countries share intelligence on terrorism, on nuclear proliferation, on regional instability. Israel’s military experiences have shaped the United States’ approach to counterterrorism and our approach to homeland security. The two governments work together to develop sophisticated military technology for defense, such as the missile and subterranean detection systems that I have mentioned. These systems developed jointly may soon be ready for export to other U.S. allies. In part because of this security partnership, U.S. and Israeli companies partner in technological innovations that are helping the United States maintain its advantage in a range of military and nonmilitary security challenges. So I urge my colleagues to strongly support this resolution, urging the expeditious finalization of a new memorandum of understanding between the Government of the United States and the Government of Israel so that Israel maintains its qualitative military edge and has the capacity to work with us to defend itself from all threats. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I am proud to cosponsor this resolution, which calls for the expeditious consideration and finalization of a new, robust, and longterm memorandum of understanding on military assistance to Israel. The bond between United States and Israel is unbreakable. We share common values and goals, including democracy, rule of law, minority rights, and basic human freedom. In 2008, the George W. Bush administration negotiated a memorandum of understanding with Israel that guaranteed $3.1 billion in annual security assistance. Since then, the Obama administration has delivered on this commitment and has provided additional funds for missile defense, including the 2014 emergency supplemental for Iron Dome, which we passed in this House. Since that agreement, Israel has faced some of the most urgent threats in history: rockets and tunnels from Gaza and Lebanon, nuclear threats from Syria and Iran, and the spread of ISIS throughout the region. And the United States has been there by Israel’s side throughout this dangerous time. These threats are only becoming more complex. ISIS has grown in the Sinai. Israel’s neighbors are facing new burdens from refugees, leading to instability. And Iran’s behavior in the region has, unfortunately, become even more dangerous. So yesterday’s insurance policy has become today’s lifeline. As Israel confronts new threats, the United States must step up to defend our ally. Part of this will be through a new, negotiated MOU, or memorandum of understanding, to reflect the changing times and evolving threats in the Middle East. Israel will need its American partner; but, make no mistake, the United States needs Israel as well. This relationship isn’t a oneway street. Our security cooperation and intelligence sharing with Israel has never been closer. Israel helps develop new technology that the United States uses in our own security efforts. And the military hardware we are providing to help Israel defend itself will be spent here in the United States, saving or creating thousands of American jobs. This resolution and its robust support here in the House, in both parties, demonstrates the true nature of the relationship between the United States and Israel. The support is bipartisan. Neither Democrats nor Republicans have a monopoly on support for Israel. Democrats and Republicans stand together, united with Israel. The American people stand with Israel. The next MOU will be the next chapter in this friendship. It shows that no matter who the next President will be, Israel has America’s promise of support. As Israel faces uncertainties throughout its region, at least it can count on American support, and Congress should work to make that happen. Israel has never asked for American troops or soldiers or for anyone to defend them except themselves, and we ought to continue to help them do that. I ask all Members to support this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa and is the author of this measure. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the chairman of our wonderful committee, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). Mr. Speaker, I cannot emphasize enough just how important it is that the United States and Israel finalize a new, longterm, and robust memorandum of understanding on U.S. military assistance to Israel. And an overwhelming majority of our colleagues in Congress agree. This bipartisan resolution, Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 729, that I introduced alongside my friend and colleague, the gentleman from south Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), the ranking member of our Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, has over 275 cosponsors. This is the kind of support we don’t see very often, but it underscores the level of commitment and support that the United States Congress has for our closest friend and ally, the democratic, Jewish State of Israel. It is absolutely imperative, Mr. Speaker, that the administration finalize and sign a new memorandum of understanding with Israel as soon as possible because the threats to Israel aren’t going away anytime soon. Just last week, it was reported that the Israeli military had assessed that 
it expects ISIS attacks on its southern border within 6 months. This is extremely alarming and, if true, all the more reason to finalize a new MOU with Israel. We know that Egypt has been fighting ISIS in the Sinai for quite some time now; but if ISIS is able to continue moving north toward Israel, it would leave Israel vulnerable on almost every border, except the border that it shares with Jordan, where the King and the Jordanians have been so important in the fight against ISIS. As if the thought of ISIS surrounding the Jewish state was not daunting enough, as a result of the Iran nuclear deal, the threats to Israel have only increased in magnitude and severity. Iran has shown that it has no intention of slowing down its ballistic missile program, which it uses to repeatedly threaten Israel. We have recently learned that the nuclear deal is full of secret concessions and exemptions to Iran which allow Iran to exceed limits that are set forth in the deal. And these are just the ones that we know of now. There are likely a lot more. We just heard testimony last week that the administration may have sent Iran up to $33.6 billion in cash payments, including $1.7 billion in ransom payments. Administration officials have said that there is no way of tracing the money or of telling if that money will be used to support terror; but Iran had said that it needed hard currency, so we sent it because that is a great idea: to give a state sponsor of terror an infusion of billions of dollars of cold, hard cash. That makes a lot of sense. So now Iran has as much as $33.6 billion in cash; and, no doubt, it will be used to support terror. There is no doubt. It will be used to shore up Hezbollah’s weapons supply. It will be used to increase the missile stockpile of Hezbollah. It will be used for many nefarious activities. And with Iran’s stated intention to wipe Israel off the map, there should be no time wasted in ensuring that the Jewish state has the capability, has the capacity to defend itself and her people from every threat. With all of the concessions that the administration has made to Iran, we need to make sure that this memorandum of understanding goes above and beyond. As my former chief of staff of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Dr. Yleem Poblete, wrote in a piece for the Gatestone Institute a couple of months ago: ‘‘The terms of any U.S.Israel agreement must withstand comparison to the concessions offered Iran in the JCPOA and show unequivocally that Israel, a trusted ally and major strategic partner, fared better in negotiations than an unconstrained enemy.’’ This is why the administration must conclude this MOU with Israel. It would send a strong message to the people of Israel that the United States continues to stand by them and support them. But, Mr. Speaker, it would send an even stronger message to those who seek to harm Israel by signifying that the United States is committing to fully support Israel’s defense and security needs. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure. I call upon the administration to put the politicking aside, get this agreement done, secure Israel’s safety and our own interests. We are going to hear a lot of support for this resolution. We have heard about the many threats facing Israel. b1515 And I spoke about the nuclear threat and how it has placed Israel in greater jeopardy. But what we don’t hear too much about, Mr. Speaker, is how the nuclear deal has threatened Israel’s qualitative military edge, the QME, that, by U.S. law, we are supposed to ensure. When the administration signed that weak and dangerous nuclear deal with Iran, it had to sell it to the international community. How did it do that? Well, in order to sell the deal to our allies in the Gulf, the administration had to promise them that we would provide them with advanced weapon sales. The administration likes to say that the Iran deal will make the world safer. But if that is true, then why are we going to increase so much the militarization of the Gulf countries? Mr. Speaker, I expect that Gulf states sales of military jets to Bahrain, to Qatar, and to Kuwait will be approved by the administration as early as this month. We are about to open the spigot of cash that Iran can then use to build up its ballistic missiles, its military, and its terror activities. So we need to make sure that Israel understands that we are there to support her. It makes no sense, Mr. Speaker, that we should be concentrating on stopping Iran, not assisting the regime, to further carrying out its nefarious activities and certainly not helping to build up its conventional nuclear arms race in the region. Not to mention that by doing this we are undermining the distinct advantage that Israel has militarily over its neighbors. Even though Israel and our other partners in the region may have better relations now than ever before—and that is true, and that is wonderful—because they have an Iran, a mutual enemy that they understand is their greatest threat, history tells that it is better to be safe than sorry. So that is another important reason why we need to conclude this MOU with the Jewish state and ensure its qualitative military edge. We have an ever increasingly dangerous Iran, a heavily militarized Middle East with advanced weaponry, ISIS becoming an even greater threat to Israel, Hezbollah on the Golan Heights and in Lebanon, and, of course, Hamas in Gaza. That is a daunting task to ask of even the largest country, Mr. Speaker, let alone the tiny Jewish state. So I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. I urge them to call upon the administration to uphold longstanding U.S. policy toward our closest friend and ally, the democratic Jewish state of Israel. I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), an author of this resolution and a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his support of this resolution and his outspoken and unwavering support for the U.S. Israel relationship. I also thank Chairman ROYCE for his support of this as well. And to my friend and partner, Representative ROSLEHTINEN , I thank her as well. It is wonderful working with her on so many issues, but in particular our work on the committee to strengthen the U.S.Israel relationship. Thanks as well to Representatives GRANGER and L OWEY for their efforts. Mr. Speaker, reports indicate that the United States and Israel are very close to signing a new memorandum of understanding, a 10year MOU on security systems. This resolution before us today is very straightforward. It urges the conclusion of those negotiations. It doesn’t prescribe terms of the MOU. It says that we need to get the MOU finished. This resolution has the overwhelming bipartisan support of over 275 Members of this House who are cosponsors. Now, the MOU is the backbone of our security relationship with Israel. The assistance provided has ensured and will continue to ensure that Israel is able to defend herself against any and all threats. The threats that Israel faces increase every day. Every day the threat of rocket attacks from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, or Hezbollah looms. Every day Hezbollah adds more advanced rockets to its arsenal of over 150,000 capable of reaching every corner of Israel. Every day Iran transfers advanced technology and weapons to its terror proxies who target Israel. And every day Hamas is attempting to redig tunnels farther and farther into Israel. ISIS militants edge closer to Israel’s border in the Sinai, and the fighting in Syria creeps closer and closer into the Golan Heights. Terrorist groups now have unprecedented, sophisticated capabilities, and many of these pose a strategic threat to the broader region. Mr. Speaker, Israel must have the resources that it needs to protect the safety and security of its territory and its people and, in turn, to preserve our own security and interests in the region. Throughout these negotiations, the administration has said that it is prepared to conclude the largest ever aid package to Israel. Now, these funds, coupled with our enduring commitment to preserving Israel’s qualitative 
military edge, will help Israel remain strong and secure. And as the only democracy in the region, Israel stands as a beacon of hope for those around the world who recognize the global threat of terrorism and for those who value opportunity, equality, and freedom. When this Congress speaks with one voice, Israel is stronger and safer. By passing this resolution, this Congress is sending a message to the world that we stand united in support of a new MOU, in support of Israel’s right to selfdefense, and in strong support of the U.S.Israel relationship. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague. I stand in support of Representative ROSLEHTINEN ’s H. Res. 729. It is imperative that the United States finalize a new MOU with Israel on military assistance that provides for a robust defense posture of Israel while ensuring congressional oversight and scrutiny in the years to come. Israel continues to face a growing threat from not only state sponsors of terrorism like Iran, but also from terrorist organizations like Hezbollah and Hamas. Both Iran and those terrorist organizations are determined to destroy Israel. Israel, one of the United States’ greatest allies in the region, is under constant threat; and the United States must stand strong and support her. Hezbollah has an estimated stockpile of 150,000 rockets and missiles. Let me repeat that. It has over 150,000 rockets and missiles, which Iran has made a commitment to add smart bomb technology. This constant threat is growing and needs to be countered by the passage of a robust, longterm MOU. This will ensure Israel’s defense and military capabilities are able to meet these growing threats. I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 729 and support the continued defense cooperation with Israel. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, may I ask if there are any more speakers on the Republican side? Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, there are no further speakers other than myself to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank the sponsors of this resolution, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. DEUTCH , for their hard work in crafting such a timely resolution. I thank, once again, Chairman ROYCE for working with me and the sponsors of this resolution to move this forward expeditiously. Mr. Speaker, one of the things I always say is that the relationship between the United States and Israel is bigger than any of the personalities involved. Presidents come and go, Prime Ministers come and go, Members of Congress come and go, members of the Knesset come and go, but the relationship between the U.S. and Israel endures and endures strongly. The success of the last MOU between the United States and Israel is a great illustration of that fact. I think this resolution and the next memorandum of understanding, which we are expecting any day now, are more indications that, regardless of party, regardless of personalities, the U.S.Israel alliance is serious business and a major foreign policy concern. Those that try to denigrate Israel overlook the fact that Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East and overlook the fact that we have no better ally in the United States than the people of Israel. I am glad to support this measure. I urge all Members to do the same. Again, the U.S.Israel alliance is serious business, a major foreign policy concern, and the right thing to do, not only for Israel but for the United States as well. So I support this measure, and I urge all our colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as this resolution notes, Israel faces a growing number of threats, and I think I would just speak for a moment about the nature of those threats. I appreciate Representative ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN bringing this resolution before us. Representative ELIOT ENGEL and I had a rather unique opportunity of seeing how these threats keep evolving. We were near the border in Israel and had an invitation on the Gaza border to go into one of these tunnels that had been discovered. Imagine the shock when we found out the intentions of why this tunnel was dug. It ended up coming up underneath an elementary school. Now, imagine for a minute the situation Israel is in when you have an adversary, Hamas in this case, who wishes to tunnel underneath an elementary school in order to capture children, take them back into Gaza, and force the IDF, as you and I knew they would do, to fight block by block by block to try to free those children. That was the strategy. Now, luckily the tunnels were discovered before they could carry this out. I was in Israel also in 2006, back during the second Lebanon war. The Hezbollah rockets came down across northern Israel every day. And in Haifa, every day there were victims that were brought into that trauma hospital. Back then, Hezbollah had a collection of about 10,000 rockets and missiles. That is what they had left in the inventory. They had shot off about half of their inventory. And in each of those, there were probably 90,000 ball bearings. And when they shot those rockets, they aimed at the city center in Haifa. Today is 10 years later. Hezbollah, as Mr. YOHOshared with you, has a nasty collection today of over 100,000 of these rockets and missiles. Now, if you were to take the United States out of the equation with respect to NATO, and you were to take a look at the NATO arsenal without us in it, Hezbollah, which is now equipped by Iran, has a larger number of weapons, rockets and missiles, than all of NATO combined without us. Included in that class are 700 long range, highpayload rockets that have now been provided to Hezbollah, and these new rockets that carry these huge payloads are capable of taking out a city block and just creating havoc. And while the threat from Hezbollah is bad, let’s talk about the threat from its sponsor for a minute. Let’s reflect on the threat from Iran itself. If you wonder whether Iran intends what they say, think about their continued aggression in the region, and think about their testing of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads. In case there is any mistake about how we might interpret it, they put on the side of these missiles, in Arabic, in Farsi, and in Hebrew, the words, ‘‘Israel must be wiped out.’’ That is the action of the Iran Revolutionary Guard Corps. That is what it puts on its missiles. Of course, under the administration’s Iran deal, Tehran will keep much of its nuclear infrastructure and continue to develop advanced centrifuges faster and faster. They can continue to work on this, thus gaining the ability to produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale. The ayatollah won’t even have to cheat to be just steps away from a nuclear weapon 10 years from now when that agreement is phased out and expires. And that is about the same time that the next MOU will expire. So for those who are wondering why we are passionate about this memorandum of understanding with Israel, it is because we have seen the threats. Mr. ELIOT ENGEL and I, in our trips to Israel to the border, have seen those threats. b1530 Given that, and given that Israel faces, not just from the proxies like Iran, not just from Hamas that are funded, but also from Iran itself Israel faces this threat, we need to ensure that the security package currently being negotiated is as robust as possible. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 729. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SUPPORTING HUMAN RIGHTS, DEMOCRACY, AND THE RULE OF LAW IN CAMBODIA Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 728) supporting human rights, democracy, and the rule of law in Cambodia, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am rising here in strong support for H. Res. 728, supporting human rights and democracy and the rule of law in Cambodia. We have all seen the consequences of land grabbing and the destruction of human liberty in that country. I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), my colleague, for introducing this resolution. I want to thank him for his advocacy for the people of Cambodia. Mr. Speaker, since Cambodia held its deeply flawed elections in 2013, we have seen significant attacks on those Cambodians peacefully opposing their government. Hun Sen’s thuggish regime continues to crack down on the political opposition and on activists, and they continue to arrest and beat those who point out violations of freedom of speech, violations, frankly, of a stolen election. As noted in this resolution, Freedom House’s most recent report card rated Cambodia as not free, noting restrictions on and the harassment of the government’s political opposition. And that is putting it mildly. Last year opposition lawmaker and American citizen Nhay Chamroeun was severely and brutally attacked by plainclothes bodyguards who repeatedly kicked and stomped him. He was hospitalized for months. We have all seen the pictures of opposition figures who have been beaten and stomped and put in the hospital there. Several months later, Kem Ley, a popular Cambodian political commentator, was murdered in broad daylight for his outspoken protest of the regime. So much for freedom of speech in Cambodia. Then just last week, Hun Sen took yet another step to consolidate his grip on power, to make it impossible for people to run against him. He sentenced the de facto leader of the Cambodia National Rescue Party, Kem Sokha, to 5 months in prison on the spurious charge of refusing to appear for questioning in a politically motivated case that was brought against him. Although his sentence is short, the repercussions are dire, as convicted criminals are prohibited from holding office; and that, again, was what this was about: intimidation and trying to 
force a system where the opposition party leader already in exile would then be in a position where they couldn’t run somebody against Hun Sen. Mr. Speaker, these attacks on the opposition must stop. This systemic persecution of the government’s opposition completely undermines the legitimacy of upcoming local elections as well as the country’s 2018 national elections. Without the full and free participation of the CNRP, future elections will be deeply flawed and cannot be accepted. Hun Sen’s continued attack on his political opponents is something we cannot accept, and for the sake of the Cambodian people, I urge my colleagues to adopt this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also rise in support of this resolution. Let me, first of all, thank Mr. LOWENTHAL , a valued member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for his hard work on this measure; and let me just thank the chairman of the committee, as well, for always cooperating with us on bipartisan resolutions and things that are for the good of the country. That is the way we try to conduct ourselves here. Mr. Speaker, for the last three decades, the people of Cambodia have hoped to see their country move toward a freer, more democratic system, but that progress has been halting and the results are incomplete. Hun Sen, that country’s Prime Minister, has held on to power since 1985, making him currently the longest serving leader in Southeast Asia. Though elections are scheduled for 2018, it seems likely that the opposition party will endure the same sort of intimidation and harassment that it has for years. This lack of progress and accountability on the part of the Hun Sen government has meant that Cambodia remains one of the poorest and most corrupt countries in the region. Cambodia leans on China for imports and economic assistance and has adopted some of China’s most draconian laws and practices as well. Despite these obstacles, the people of Cambodia remain remarkably resilient and entrepreneurial. For years the United States has provided development assistance to improve Cambodian human rights protections, bolster civil society, and improve health, education, and opportunity. These investments are paying dividends in the form of a new generation of bright, thoughtful Cambodian leaders who seek more for themselves and their fellow citizens. These young leaders, along with many reformers and activists, deserve to have their voices heard. I have been to Cambodia a few times, and it is especially poignant when you think of the terrible events, the killings there decades ago—practically genocide—it is just intolerable, unthinkable, and unacceptable that Cambodia would still have these difficulties with all the things that the people of Cambodia have suffered. This resolution calls on the Government of Cambodia to push ahead with real and meaningful reform that will advance democracy. It calls for changes to the electoral system that would allow for truly free and fair elections. It calls on the Hun Sen government to act now so that the 2018 elections are transparent and credible, and it calls for the end of politically motivated harassment and violence against the people of Cambodia. Mr. Speaker, the people of Cambodia want and deserve real democracy for their country. They want to chart the course for their own future and live the lives they choose for themselves. This measure sends a strong message that the United States stands with them and wants to see them realize the democratic aspirations. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to support this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), a valued member of our Committee on Foreign Affairs and the author of this resolution. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member ENGEL for yielding. First, I want to acknowledge the great work and the collaboration from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to bring this resolution to the floor today. Chairman ROYCE has long been a champion on Cambodian issues, and this resolution would not have been possible without his support. I would also like to thank the Republican lead on this resolution, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, Chairman MATT SALMON ; and also I would like to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who joined with me in founding the Congressional Cambodia Caucus. I also, obviously, want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his support of the resolution. Recently, the Cambodian Government, as has been pointed out, presided over by Prime Minister Hun Sen for the past 31 years, has severely cracked down on political opposition and all forms of dissent in Cambodia. As we know, national elections in Cambodia in 2013 prolonged Hun Sen’s grip on power, but they were marred by allegations of voting irregularities. After the election, Hun Sen’s party and the opposition party agreed to a series of electoral reforms and powersharing compromises. However, since that time, the Cambodian Government has undertaken a comprehensive campaign to undermine the political opposition. Last year, the Cambodian Government revived a 7 yearold defamation charge against the opposition leader, Mr. Sam Rainsy, expelling him from the Parliament and forcing him into selfimposed exile. The deputy leader, Kem Sokha, who is acting as the opposition’s leader, has been under effective house arrest at the party’s headquarters in Phnom Penh, where he was facing charges that are similarly politically motivated, and recently he was convicted in court and is now serving time in jail. When I spoke to the deputy leader, he told me that he not only fears this arrest by the government, which has just taken place, but he truly fears for his life. And his fears are well founded. In July, as was pointed out, prominent political activist and outspoken critic of the government Kem Ley was brutally murdered in broad daylight in Phnom Penh. The passage of this resolution could not come at a more urgent time. The Cambodian Government has renewed its efforts to seek out, to harass, and to intimidate the leaders of the opposition. As I pointed out, last week Kem Sokha was tried and sentenced to 5 months in jail. In the leadup to the trial, the government deployed security forces in the vicinity of the opposition party’s headquarters. Hun Sen’s strategy could not be more clear: intimidate and threaten arrest to silence the opposition in advance of local elections next year and national elections the following year. As long as these politically motivated charges remain outstanding, the current political climate in Cambodia is not one that will allow for free and fair elections. That is why it is so important for us to pass this resolution and show that the United States stands with the people of Cambodia. We will send an important signal to the Cambodian Government that political violence of any kind will not be tolerated and that the Cambodian people must be able to enjoy the freedom to choose their own leaders. Only under these conditions can elections in Cambodia be considered free and fair by the international community. Again, I want to thank all the Members who worked so closely with me to bring this resolution to the floor. I urge passage of this resolution to send a strong message that the United States supports human rights and supports democracy and the rule of law in Cambodia. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me again repeat: we all have high hopes for the future of democracy in Cambodia. We want to see the people there exercise real rights and determine the future for their country. We know that real democracy is the key to helping countries prosper. Real democracy makes governments more transparent and accountable. When citizens are allowed to fully participate in their political systems, governments become more responsive and do a better job at providing services and opportunity; countries become better equipped as 
partners on the global stage and centers of regional stability. b1545 We know that Cambodia has this potential just waiting to be unleashed. So today, with this resolution, we are saying that we look forward to the day when democracy in Cambodia is allowed to flourish, and we hope that day comes soon. It is important to focus on Cambodia. We want to see that country make a change for the benefit of all its people. So I support this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Hun Sen and the Cambodian People’s Party took yet another authoritarian step last week when they arrested and tried opposition leader Kem Sokha. In their attempts to consolidate power, they have utterly obliterated the opposition. Mr. Speaker, the longsuffering people of Cambodia deserve the opportunity to elect a government of their choosing. By attempting to disqualify and harassing all the political opposition, Hun Sen is denying the people this opportunity. By passing this resolution, Congress is sending a message to Hun Sen that the United States is watching and will not accept his brutality. It will send an important signal of support, I believe, to all Cambodians who wish to live under a government that respects the rights of the Cambodian people. I urge passage of the resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 728, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM REVIEW ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5484) to modify authorities that provide for rescission of determinations of countries as state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5484 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), for his leadership in authoring this critical legislation. The designation of a foreign government as a state sponsor of terrorism is one of our government’s most powerful statements. In addition to imposing sanctions and other restrictions, the designation itself earns a state pariah status internationally, and that is deserved. After all, these are countries 
whose governments back the killing of innocents as a matter of policy. To be added to the list, the Secretary of State must determine that the government of such country has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. The designation then triggers unilateral sanctions by the United States. These sanctions include a ban on exports of weapons. It also includes limits on financing and economic assistance and restrictions on exports that can be used by that country to enhance its military capability or, of course, its ability to support terrorism. These are important tools. They are powerful tools. Yet, under current law, to delist a state sponsor of terrorism, the administration only needs to certify that the country has refrained from supporting terrorism for a mere 6 months. Administrations from both parties have abused this process. In 2008, North Korea’s designation was rescinded following commitments it made to dismantle its nuclear weapons program. North Korea, of course, was delisted prematurely, but it kept its nuclear program, as evidenced by its fifth nuclear test last week. Likewise, Cuba continues to harbor terrorists, both foreign and domestic terrorists. It continues to meddle in Venezuela. It continues its support for Iran’s designs on Latin America. Just last month, Cuba hosted the Iranian foreign minister, as Tehran seeks to expand its presence in the hemisphere. This legislation is an important check against administration overreach, increasing the period of time a country must refrain from supporting terrorism from 6 months to 2 years before it is eligible for being delisted. The bill also increases the period of time that Congress has to review any such proposed action by the President from 45 days to 90 days. So the bill strengthens congressional oversight of the process. I strongly urge my colleagues to support the legislation authored by Mr. TEDYOHO. I think it is critical. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Mr. Y OHO of Florida for their hard work on the bill. Mr. Speaker, under current law, there are only two ways off the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. The first is a fundamental change in the leadership and policies of a country’s government. The other is if the President certifies to Congress that a government has not provided any support for international terrorism for at least 6 months, and that the country has provided assurances that it will not support international terrorism in the future. This legislation would stretch that 6month period to 2 years. It would also double the length of time Congress has to review such a certification, from 45 days to 90 days. Now, Mr. Speaker, I don’t think we are going to find ourselves in a situation in which any of the countries currently on that list would need to be rushed off, particularly Syria and Iran. But our job as legislators is not just to look at what is in front of us as we draft a law, but to consider what unintended consequences we might face down the road. As I said when we marked up this bill in June at the committee, I do think we need to carefully consider the implications of extending the waiting period so dramatically. No one wants a terrorist state to come off the list before circumstances justify, but unlikely as it may seem today, we could encounter diplomatic opportunities where the flexibility to act quickly might be in our own national security interests. We just can’t envision what kind of challenges we will face years down the road. So I support the measure, but I do have some trepidation that the 2year waiting period could potentially hamstring our government’s ability to respond strategically to rapidly changing events. I hope that, as we monitor this, Members will keep an open mind with respect to the waiting period as the legislative process goes forward. Again, I support the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Dr. YOHOfor putting forth this wonderful bill. The State Sponsors of Terrorism Review Enhancement Act is the work of our Florida colleague, TEDYOHO. I thank Dr. YOHOfor his leadership on this bill, as well as Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their leadership in getting it to the House floor. This bill is an important and necessary legislative fix to a broken process: the manner in which nations are delisted as state sponsors of terrorism. Over the years, through three different statutes, Congress developed the State Sponsors of Terrorism list and the consequences for being on the list. The three laws—the Foreign Assistance Act, the Arms Export Control Act, and the Export Administration Act—work to prevent state sponsors of terrorism from receiving assistance, goods, and technology that could help support terrorism. In past decades, administrations from both sides of the aisle have mistakenly and prematurely delisted states, for example, including taking North Korea off the list in 2008, as the chairman pointed out, and removing Cuba, as the chairman pointed out, last year. North Korea has armed and supported organizations like Hezbollah and Hamas and has reportedly assisted the regime in Syria and in Iran in developing their nuclear weapons program. Other examples of North Korea’s provocations and destructive behavior are prolific, including continued illegal nuclear weapons tests like the one that we just saw last week; missiles launches; cyberattacks, sinking a South Korean naval vessel; and shipping weapons systems likes those that were intercepted out of Cuba in the year 2013. Cuba has links to North Korea and state sponsors of terrorism Iran and Syria. It provides safe haven to terror groups like the Colombian FARC and Spanish ETA, and harbors fugitives, as the chairman pointed out, from American justice, like convicted cop killer JoAnne Chesimard. As we saw in the cases of Cuba and North Korea, the process in which Congress is able to weigh in on whether a nation should or should not be delisted as a state sponsor of terrorism is a broken process, and only one of three laws provides a legislative mechanism to stop it. Only one. This bill aims to fix that, extending the amount of time that Congress has to review an administration’s proposal to delist a country and providing Congress with a mechanism, under each law, to block its removal by enacting a joint resolution of disapproval. It is a simple legislative fix, Mr. Speaker, that allows Congress to fulfill its oversight responsibility, determine whether these countries are still supporting terrorism, and prevent them from being delisted should there not be enough evidence for their removal. Congress needs to have the ability that it always had and that we thought it had to weigh in on attempts to remove countries from the list and to ensure that countries that are still supporting terrorism remain sanctioned, restricted from any material that they might be receiving that could aid in their terrorism, and remain on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list where they belong. So it makes a change to the law, the review process that should have been made a long time ago. I thank Dr. Yoho for doing this. It allows Congress to execute its proper oversight responsibilities and prevent the executive branch from delisting countries as state sponsors of terrorism prematurely. We have seen in cases of both North Korea and Cuba, delisted by Republican and Democratic administrations respectively, that giving these nations these concessions only emboldens the rogue regimes and undermines our national security. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), the author of this important antiterrorism legislation. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , and my colleague, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , for the kind words and for 
pointing out that, just 2 years ago, Cuba was caught shipping armaments to North Korea. I stand in support, obviously, of the bill, H.R. 5484, the State Sponsors of Terrorism Review Enhancement Act. This designation of a foreign government, as Mr. ROYCE has already pointed out, as a state sponsor of terrorism, is one of the United States’ most powerful statements as a nation that we can stamp on another country. Besides imposing sanctions, the stamp of state sponsor of terrorism labels a state untouchable to the international community. This pariah status, as pointed out, is much deserved, as these are states that support the killing of innocent people as a matter of policy. However, under current law, in order for a state to be delisted, the President of the United States only needs to certify that the country being considered for delisting has not engaged in supporting terrorism for a paltry 6 months. As Ms. ROSLEHTINEN pointed out, just 2 years ago, Cuba sent missiles to North Korea. Considering the heinous acts of violence these countries have supported in the past, we should not be allowing them to be delisted for political purposes or whatever reasons after only 6 months. This increases the oversight of one of Congress’ oldest committees, the Foreign Affairs Committee, and adds another layer of protection not just for America, but for the world community. b1600 To address this, my legislation will quadruple the time a designated country must refrain from sponsoring terrorism before the President can remove it from the sponsor list from 6 months to 24 months; it increases congressional oversight by doubling the time Congress has to review the President’s proposed removal from 45 to 90 days; it establishes a uniform process through which Congress can disapprove of the President’s decision to remove a country from the list; and it requires the administration to notify and brief Congress—and I think this is probably one of the most important things—upon initiating a review of a designated country’s potential removal from that list. This legislation will assert congressional scrutiny and oversight and, hopefully, bring to an end politically motivated delistings. Successive administrations, as was pointed out, both Republicans and Democrats alike, delisted countries based on their Precedency’s legacy rather than the facts. H.R. 5484 will stop absurd delistings like that of North Korea in 2008. As we have already talked about, North Korea was delisted in exchange for their promise of dismantling their nuclear program. However, 8 years and five nuclear tests later, as the gentleman pointed out, they remain off the list and threatening America with their videos and their acts of irresponsibility, North Korea, supporting terrorism abroad. By increasing the amount of time for a state to not be engaged in terrorism and increasing congressional oversight and scrutiny, H.R. 5484, hopefully, will not allow mistakes such as the delisting of North Korea to take place. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the chairman again, and thank Mr. YOHOfor his hard work and commitment on this. Obviously, the handful of countries on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list are some of the worst actors in the world: Sudan, Syria, and Iran. We need policies that are tough, and any changes to that list must be preceded by real, permanent changes in the way those governments do business. And, of course, I believe Congress has an important oversight role to play on such matters. I have voiced my concerns about parts of this legislation, namely, that multiplying the waiting period by a factor of four might have unintended consequences. Perhaps it should have been a little less than that. But I trust that if we do run into trouble down the road, we will do whatever it takes to make sure that our government has the tools needed to act in America’s best interests. So I support this measure and, again, I thank Mr. YOHOfor his hard work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 6 months to get off of that list for a terrorist country, that is an odd situation. We should not be giving terrorist regimes a clean bill of health in such a short time in that, by definition, these are regimes that kill innocents as a matter of policy. That is what terrorism is. And given that this process has been abused, in the case of North Korea, what is to prevent another White House from removing countries from the list to advance their own flawed agendas? Congress, I think, has a responsibility to prevent that from happening; and, ultimately, these regimes must understand that the only way to be delisted is to actually change their behavior and discontinue their support for terrorism, not simply press for their status to be reversed as a condition of a separate negotiation. That is what North Korea did some years ago. That is what concerns us here. Again, I would like to recognize Mr. YOHOfor his excellent work on this legislation, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5484. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
WEST LOS ANGELES LEASING ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5936) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreements with certain health care providers to furnish health care to veterans, to authorize the Secretary to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, to make certain improvements to the enhanceduse lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5936 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016’’. 
lease under the Los Angeles Homeless Veterans Leasing Act of 2016,’’ before ‘‘shall be considered’’. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and provide any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5936, as amended, the West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016. I would like to express my appreciation to Dr. PRICE for his tireless efforts in working with our committee on scoring that was associated with this particular piece of legislation. Without his cooperation, we would not be poised to pass this bill today. This bill would authorize VA to carry out certain leases on the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System West L.A. Medical Center Campus in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the draft master plan. Leases that would be considered allowable under this language include: an enhanceduse lease for the purpose of providing supportive housing, any lease lasting less than 50 years to a third party to provide services that benefit veterans and their families, or a lease lasting less than 10 years to the University of California if the lease is consistent with the master plan and the University’s activities are principally focused on providing services to veterans. Any landsharing agreements that fail to provide additional healthcare resources or to benefit veterans and their families in ways other than generating additional revenue would be prohibited, and any funds received from leases credited to the West L.A. VA Medical facility would be required to be used exclusively for renovation and maintenance. The bill also includes numerous reporting requirements to ensure that the VA is fully transparent with Congress and the American people regarding the management use and operations of the campus. I was honored to visit West L.A. and their medical center campus earlier this year and witness firsthand the enormous promise it holds for our veterans, especially our homeless veterans. This historic site has suffered from many years of neglect, misuse, and mismanagement; but, with passage of H.R. 5936, as amended, today, I am confident that it will finally be on the path to preservation, revitalization, 
VETERANS MOBILITY SAFETY ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3471) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3471 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3471, as amended, the Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2016. This bill is sponsored by my friend and committee member, Congresswoman JACKIE WALORSKI from Indiana, and includes a provision from H.R. 353, the Veterans’ Access to Hearing Health Act of 2015, which is sponsored by Congressman SEANDUFFY from Wisconsin. I am very grateful to both of them for their efforts. H.R. 3471, as amended, would direct the Department of Veterans Affairs to develop a comprehensive policy regarding quality standards for providers who dispense modification services to veterans under the Automobile Adaptive Equipment program. VA’s current handbook governing the Automobile Adaptive Equipment program has not been updated since it was released in 2000, despite being scheduled for recertification in 2005. Allowing the handbook for this important program to get so outdated is troublesome to me, given that improperly installed automobile adaptive equipment carries risks for our disabled veterans and for all those sharing America’s roads. The bill would also authorize VA to hire and prescribe qualified qualifications for hiring hearing aid specialists. One of my highest priorities as chairman has been ensuring that our Nation’s veterans receive timely access to quality care. That is why I was so frustrated by an audit issued by the VA inspector general in 2014 which found that VA took 17 to 24 days to complete hearing aid repair services and that, nationally, 30 percent of veterans waited more than 30 days from the estimated date that the VA medical facility had received the hearing aid from a vendor to the date the medical facility actually issued the hearing aid to the veteran themselves. Too many veterans relying on hearing aids cannot wait for weeks or months for VA to make repairs, and I am hopeful that, by authorizing VA to hire hearing aid specialists to assist with basic hearing aid repairs, they will no longer have to wait. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. b1615 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation brought forward by my colleague, Representative WALORSKI . This bill directs VA to ensure that an eligible disabled veteran who has been provided with an automobile is given the opportunity to make personal selections relating to the automobile. The provider of any adaptive equipment modification services must be certified by a certification organization or the manufacturer of the adaptive equipment. In addition, the provider of the automobile or adaptive equipment or the 
provider of the modification services must adhere to specific requirements under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards. Mr. Speaker, I think these are important protections for those veterans who need to personalize the vehicles they drive. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). She represents the Second Congressional District of Indiana, ‘‘Gin Town.’’ Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the Veterans Mobility Safety Act. This legislation will improve veterans’ care and ensure the quality of the automobile adaptive equipment and hearing aids disabled veterans depend on. Automotive mobility plays a vital role in helping our disabled veterans live a normal life after being wounded on the battlefield. The VA’s Automobile Adaptive Equipment, or AAE, program provides eligible disabled veterans with an automobile or modification, such as wheelchair lifts and reducedeffort steering and braking, to existing vehicles to improve their quality of life. Under the current AAE program, local VA facilities operate based upon their own interpretations of VA procedures that haven’t been updated since 2000. It lacks quality standards for providers as well. As you can imagine, this fragmented and outdated system has resulted in cases of improperly installed equipment that caused serious safety issues for both the veteran and the driving public. My legislation requires the VA to develop a comprehensive policy regarding quality standards for providers that participate in the AAE program in close consultation with a host of stakeholders, including veterans service organizations, the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, and industry representatives. The result will be a veterancentric policy that ensures access to safe, quality equipment. Lastly, it would require VA to update the AAE program handbook to reflect the new policy, along with biennial reports on implementation and compliance. This legislation also includes Congressman DUFFY ’s bill that would allow the VA to utilize hearing aid specialists to help fill the need for certain hearing aid services. This legislation will decrease audiologists’ workload and allow them to focus on special cases and complex conditions while also decreasing the wait time for a veteran who just needs a quick tweak to their hearing aid. I want to thank the chairman for all his work on veterans’ issues. I want to also thank Representatives BROWNLEY  and RUIZfor their work on this legislation. Lastly, I want to thank Paralyzed Veterans of America for all of their help and all other veterans service organizations for all of their hard work advocating for veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 3471, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3471, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING THE AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION TO ACQUIRE, OPERATE, AND MAINTAIN THE LAFAYETTE ESCADRILLE MEMORIAL Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5937) to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in MarneslaCoquette, France, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5937 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORITY OF THE AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION TO ACQUIRE, OPERATE, AND MAINTAIN THE LAFAYETTE ESCADRILLE MEMORIAL. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials to H.R. 5937, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5937, as amended. I want to thank Chairman EDROYCE of the Foreign Affairs Committee and his staff for their assistance in expeditiously scheduling this bill. My bill would ensure that the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial located outside of Paris, France, will continue to be cared for in a manner that honors America’s servicemembers who fought in World War I. Before the United States entered World War I, 269 brave American volunteers flew in combat missions in the French Air Service. These Americans were referred to as the Lafayette Escadrille after Marquis de Lafayette, the Frenchman who was instrumental to America’s victory during the Revolutionary War. Unfortunately, 68 members of the Lafayette Escadrille lost their lives during the war, and the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial contains a crypt that serves as the final resting place for 49 of these brave Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice. Since 1928, the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial has been operated by the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial Foundation. The foundation is running out of funds that are needed to maintain the memorial. H.R. 5937, as amended, would authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial, which would guarantee that the memorial receives the care it deserves as a final resting place for Americans. The ABMC, a Federal agency, currently operates numerous American military cemeteries and memorials in foreign countries. The ABMC is well equipped to ensure that the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial continues to stand as a reminder that Americans fought all around the world in the name of freedom. So I would urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5937, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Chairman MILLER ’s bill that would authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in MarneslaCoquette, France. This request was brought to us directly from the American Battle Monuments Commission in order to ensure that this memorial that honors the service and sacrifice of the Lafayette Flying Corps is properly maintained. The Lafayette Flying Corps was a small group of American aviators who volunteered to serve in the Lafayette Escadrille prior to the United States entering World War I. Fortynine members of the Lafayette Flying Corps lost their lives in the war and are interred in the crypts below the memorial. This incredible group included ‘‘Lucky’’ Herschel McKee, who became their youngest ace with 12 kills, and Eugene James Bullard, the first African American military pilot who was subsequently made a knight of the Legion of Honor, France’s most coveted award established by Napoleon Bonaparte. This important effort will incur no additional costs as the ABMC has indicated that they can maintain this important memorial within their existing appropriations. I encourage my colleagues to join me in support of passage of this important legislation that honors the services and sacrifice of our men and women that defend our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, H.R. 5937, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I too would urge all colleagues to support this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5937), as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENSURING ACCESS TO PACIFIC FISHERIES ACT Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4576) to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4576 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act’’. TITLE I—NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CONVENTION IMPLEMENTATION 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘1982 Convention’’ means the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure participation in the Commission and its subsidiary bodies by the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Guam to the extent allowed under United States law. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of countries fishing under the management authority of the North Pacific Fisheries Convention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, prior to or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone bounded by the Convention Area, ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise removed from the place it is normally used for fishing activities and placed where it is not readily available for fishing activities. TITLE II—IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONVENTION ON THE CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT OF HIGH SEAS FISHERY RESOURCES IN THE SOUTH PACIFIC OCEAN 
The Secretary of State shall ensure participation in the Commission and its subsidiary bodies by American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands to the extent allowed under United States law. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of countries fishing under the management authority of the South Pacific Fisheries Convention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, before or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone bounded by the Convention Area, ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise removed from the place it is normally used for fishing activities and placed where it is not readily available for fishing activities. TITLE III—WESTERN AND CENTRAL PACIFIC FISHERIES COMMISSION 
Section 204 (16 U.S.C. 5603) is amended by striking ‘‘Fisheries Commission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Commission consistent with the procedures detailed in Articles XIV and XV of the Convention’’. 
Section 210 (16 U.S.C. 5609) is amended to read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from American Samoa. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in American Samoa, there are no issues that carry more weight to the people who I represent than those of our fisheries, which comprise over 80 percent of the island’s revenue generation. It is for that reason I introduced the Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act with my colleague from Alaska, Congressman DONYOUNG . Our bill ensures that our fishermen can operate on a level playing field with foreign nation vessels. Specifically, the bill implements U.S. participation in two new international fishery management agreements to which the United States helped negotiate: the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean and the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean. The bill also includes the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act which was adopted from the Senate bill, among other provisions. I am proud to say that this bill does exactly what the title suggests. It ensures our fishermen’s access to fisheries in international waters where we set the example for the rest of the world on how to best manage and conserve the ocean’s resources. Based on the administration’s proposal, this bill makes necessary additions to ensure that our fishermen are properly represented in these international forums. Specifically, the first two titles of this bill ensure participation of the relevant regional fishery management councils and territories in the international negotiations of the North and South Pacific Commissions. However, it is the third title of this bill that matters most to the people of American Samoa and our other fishing communities. Title III makes critical amendments to the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to minimize the disadvantage and maximize opportunities for our fishing fleets, especially those targeting migratory tuna stocks in the Pacific, which are essential to the stability of the American Samoa economy. Our committee heard firsthand during the hearing on this bill last March that science has taken a back seat to geopolitics in these negotiations, and our fishermen are bearing the burden, especially those in the area of fishing for bigeye tuna. In an effort to remain fair and true to the fishermen in American Samoa, title III also ensures access to traditional fishing grounds, which our people have utilized for centuries and long before any relationship with the United States, by requiring such grounds to be considered in any formal stance taken by United States commissioners at the WCPFC. These are necessary measures due to the pressures facing the industry from all sides, from the closing off of large swaths of the ocean, which the American Samoan people have utilized for centuries, to irresponsible federally mandated wage hikes which aim to put our remote and economically isolated islands on the same level as the States. b1630 It is clear that we must ensure that those who are negotiating on behalf of our interests are doing just that, if we are to have any sort of viable fishing industry at all. I want to thank the minority side for working with us in a bipartisan fashion on this bill. Their input and suggestions were very helpful in crafting this bill and allowing it to pass by unanimous consent. I would also like to thank the executive directors of the North Pacific and Western Pacific Councils for working with us as well. It is always helpful when drafting a bill to make sure that those affected by it have some input in the process. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman KEVIN BRADY of the Ways and Means Committee for agreeing to help expedite consideration of this bill today. This bill, particularly title III, is of the utmost importance to the people of American Samoa. I respectfully urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 3, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On July 13, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources favorably reported as amended H.R. 4576, the Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act, by unanimous consent. My staff has shared the reported text of the bill with your staff. The reported bill contains provisions regarding fishery exports and imports, a matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not seek a sequential referral of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader when the House returns from the August District Work Period. This concession in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the Congressional Record to document this agreement. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, August 3, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 4576, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act.’’ As you note, the bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. I appreciate your willingness to work with my Committee on this legislation. In order to allow H.R. 4576 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I will not seek a sequential referral on this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing formal consideration of H.R. 4576, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill implements two important fisheries treaties: the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean and the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the South Pacific Ocean. These treaties cover bottom and midwater fisheries in the Pacific Ocean’s international waters, and implementing them will give the United States a seat at the table to ensure access for our fishermen and sound management of the resource. H.R. 4576 also updates the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act and amends the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Act, and makes important changes to the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act. This set of changes will enhance our ability to combat illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing and give greater protection to sharks. I applaud the efforts of the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) to bring this bill to the floor in its current form. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4576, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REAUTHORIZING THE HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES HISTORIC PRESERVATION PROGRAM Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 295) to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 295 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES HISTORIC PRESERVATION PROGRAM REAUTHORIZED. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from American Samoa. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 295, introduced by Congressman CLYBURN of South Carolina, reauthorizes the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program. Since 1988, this program has allowed historically Black colleges and universities to document, preserve, and stabilize historic structures on their campuses. Over $60 million has been awarded to these colleges and universities for this program, ensuring that their rich history remains preserved for future generations. I urge my colleagues to adopt this important measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 295, my bill to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program. This bill has been cosponsored by my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus and is broadly supported by all of our colleagues. It received a unanimous vote in the House Natural Resources Committee earlier this year, and I thank Mrs. RADEWAGEN  and Mr. SABLAN and all of our colleagues for their support. As a former high school history teacher, I have worked during my tenure in Congress to preserve and protect our Nation’s historic treasures. Historically Black colleges and universities, commonly called HBCUs, are some of the most important historic educational institutions in our country. Many of them have buildings and sites on their campuses that have existed for over a century. Unfortunately, many of the historic buildings and sites on these campuses have deteriorated over the years and are at risk of being lost completely if not preserved and protected. In 1998, at the request of the Congressional Black Caucus, the United States Government Accountability Office surveyed 103 HBCU campuses to identify the historically significant sites on these campuses and project the cost of restoring and preserving these properties. The GAO identified 712 historic buildings and sites and projected a cost of $755 million to restore and preserve them. Each of these sites has national significance to American history, and I believe we have an obligation to be stewards of these cultural treasures. Congress first authorized grants to HBCUs for historic preservation in 1996. In 2003, working with our former colleague, the gentleman from Utah, Jim Hansen, and our current colleague, and my friend, the gentleman from Tennessee, JIMMY DUNCAN , Congress expanded the program that was originally championed by our former colleague, the gentleman from Tennessee, Bob Clement. Ten million dollars was authorized annually for 5 years. The bill before us today extends that authorization at the same level for an additional 7 years. I have seen the transformative effect of these historic preservation grants on HBCU campuses in my district and across the country. Arnette Hall at Allen University in Columbia, South Carolina, was designed by an African American architect and constructed by the university students themselves in 1891. Before being restored to the Secretary of the Interior’s standards, Arnette Hall had been boarded up for nearly 40 years. Testifying before the Committee on Natural Resources earlier this year, Claflin University’s president, Dr. Henry Tisdale, spoke of the tremendous impact the restorations of Ministers and Tingley Halls have had on his institution. Last June, I spoke at the rededication of historic Chappelle Auditorium, on the campus of Allen University, which was painstakingly restored thanks to funding from this program. 
Originally built in 1925, this building was central to the cultural life of African Americans in South Carolina for generations. In 1947, Reverend Joseph A. DeLaine attended a NAACP event at Chappelle Auditorium that inspired him to organize Black families in Clarendon County to petition their school district to provide buses for Black students who, at the time, were forced to make a daily walk of 9.4 miles to school. This case, Briggs v. Elliot, precipitated the frontal attack on segregation in the country and was later combined with four other cases that became Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas, at the United States Supreme Court. Overturning the ‘‘separate but equal’’ fallacy, Brown ended legal segregation in this country. Historic buildings and sites at 59 HBCUs in 20 States have benefited from this program. Their stories are similar to those in my district that I have just shared. There are many more buildings and sites on these campuses that are in dire need of restoration and preservation. H.R. 295 will renew our commitment to the stewardship of this critical aspect of American history. Although it will not provide all of the funding the GAO estimated is needed to preserve every threatened site, H.R. 295 will continue the progress Congress has made in preserving these unique treasures. I thank Chairman BISHOP , subcommittee Chairman MCCLINTOCK , and Ranking Members GRIJALVA and T SONGASfor their support of this important legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I would advise the gentleman that I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 295 is a great bill. I would like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), my esteemed colleague, for all of his hard work. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 295, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ALYCE SPOTTED BEAR AND WALTER SOBOLEFF COMMISSION ON NATIVE CHILDREN ACT Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 246) to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 246 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from American Samoa. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 246, the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act. This bill would establish a commission in the Office of Tribal Justice at the Department of Justice. The commission would be composed of 11 members appointed by the President and congressional leadership. Each commissioner would be required to have significant expertise in Indian affairs, healthcare issues facing Native children, Indian education, juvenile justice programs focused on reducing incarceration and recidivism, and social services programs used by Native children. b1645 The commission would report to Congress and to the President with legislative and administrative recommendations for improving support for mental and physical health and increased educational opportunities for Native children. Protecting Native children and providing safe and supportive communities has always been a top priority identified by tribal leaders, yet the lack of sufficient coordinated research on the full scope of the causes, existing issues, and challenges inhibits the Federal and tribal governments from developing appropriate tailored programs to deliver the most efficient and targeted services to Native children. S. 246 is a companion bill to H.R. 2751, sponsored by the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). I urge adoption of S. 246. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The studies indicate that Native youth experience significantly more challenges in virtually every aspect of their development from birth to adolescence than any other population. Native infants experience higher infant mortality rates than those of other racial or ethnic groups. Native children are overrepresented in foster care, at more than 2.1 times the general population, and 37 percent of Native children live in poverty. Finally, it is most troubling that Native youth face a higher risk and rate of premature death than other youth. In fact, suicide is the second leading cause of death, 2.5 times the national rate, for Native youth in the 15 to 24 age group. We need to take a comprehensive look at the health and wellbeing of Native children and to find the root causes of and real solutions to the problems and issues that are leading to these disturbing trends. This is why I wholeheartedly support S. 246 and the establishment of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children. The commission will be comprised of experts in the areas of juvenile justice, social work, education, and mental and physical health, working alongside a Native advisory committee composed of Native tribal representatives. They will conduct a comprehensive study of current Federal and local programs, grants, and support available for Native communities and children, and will report our recommendations for legislative and administrative actions and modifications and improvements to better serve our Native children. I want to thank Senator HEITKAMP  for introducing this important legislation and for tirelessly advocating for the creation of this commission. I also want to thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ) for championing the House version of the bill, H.R. 2751. Mr. Speaker, I know that the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children will be successful in its endeavor, and I encourage my colleagues to swiftly adopt this legislation. Native children cannot wait any longer. I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 246, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIVE AMERICAN TOURISM AND IMPROVING VISITOR EXPERIENCE ACT Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 1579) to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1579 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act’’ or the ‘‘NATIVE Act’’. 
Nothing in this Act alters, or demonstrates congressional support for the alteration of, the legal relationship between the United States and any American Indian, Alaska Native, or Native Hawaiian individual, group, organization, or entity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from American Samoa. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1579, the Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act, commonly known as the NATIVE Act. This bill would require Federal agencies with recreational travel and tourism functions to include Indian tribes and tribal organization in management plans. Furthermore, the bill requires the Department of Commerce and the Department of the Interior to report on how each Department is including tribes to develop Native American tourism plans to improve travel and tourism data collection. The U.S. Travel Association estimates that the tourism industry in the United States topped $220 billion in 2014. According to the American Indian Alaska Native Tourism Association, there is growing interest in Indian Country as a tourist attraction. This bill would help strengthen coordination and collaboration between Federal agencies where tourism programs currently exist without requiring any new appropriations. By removing any silo systems within government, tribes can seek to seize economic opportunities. S. 1579 is the companion bill to H.R. 3477, sponsored by the gentleman from Oklahoma, Congressman MARKWAYNE  MULLIN . I want to thank him for his hard work on this legislation. I include in the RECORD an exchange of letters between the chairman of Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on House Administration regarding this bill, and we thank them for agreeing to help expedite consideration of this bill today. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 24, 2016. Hon. CANDICE MILLER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration, Washington, DC. DEAR MADAM CHAIRMAN : On July 13, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources favorably reported S. 1579, Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act, by unanimous consent. This bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration and Energy and Commerce. My staff has forwarded the reported text to your committee for review. Based on this text, I ask that you allow the Committee on House Administration to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on House Administration be represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , Washington, DC, August 24, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding S. 1579. As you know, the bill was received in the House of Representatives on June 15, 2015, and referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on House Administration. The bill seeks to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. On July 13, 2016, your Committee ordered S. 1579 to be reported by unanimous consent. The Committee on House Administration agrees to discharge from further consideration of S. 1579 to expedite floor consideration. It is the understanding of the Committee on House Administration that forgoing action on S. 1579 will not prejudice the Committee with respect to appointment of conferees or any future jurisdictional claim. I request that your letter and this response be included in the bill report filed by your Committee, as well as in the Congressional Record. Sincerely, CANDICE MILLER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On July 13, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources favorably reported S. 1579, Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act, by unanimous consent. This bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and House Administration. My staff has forwarded the reported text to your committee for review. Based on this text, I ask that you allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Energy and Commerce be represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : I write in regard to S. 1579, NATIVE Act, which was recently ordered to be reported by the Committee on 
Natural Resources. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on S. 1579 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to S. 1579 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of S. 1579, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Like many other communities around the country, tribes and tribal organizations are looking for ways to attract the business of overseas tourists; and there is a significant opportunity for tribes and Native people to share and reinforce their cultures, generate income, create jobs, and improve their quality of life through increased tourism. According to the Department of Commerce, as my colleague alluded to earlier, tourism was almost a quarterofa trilliondollar industry in 2014, with almost 34 million overseas travelers visiting the United States. And overseas travelers to the United States who visit national parks or tribal lands tend to stay longer in the United States, visit more destinations within the country, and are more likely to be repeat visitors. However, there are currently no tourism initiatives at the Federal level that include tribes and tribal organizations. The NATIVE Act would remedy that situation by encouraging Federal programs that support tourism and tourism infrastructure to engage with our Native American communities. This will increase tribal opportunity to showcase the rich and diverse history of the indigenous peoples of the United States. I commend Senator SCHATZ of Hawaii for this legislation. I ask my colleagues to support S. 1579. Having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support S. 1579, the Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience (NATIVE) Act. This bill will advance Indian Country tourism by requiring federal agencies with recreational travel and tourism functions to include Indian tribes and tribal organizations in updated management plans and develop Native American tourism. Anecdotally, we know the foreign tourists have a keen interest in our Indian history and culture. This bill will enable the collection of vital travel and tourism data and analysis and, importantly, increase integration of federal assets to Indian Country so they can advance their economic development goals and tribal sovereignty. Indian Country is a mosaic with vibrant cultures and a rich assortment of languages and traditions. By promoting this vast array of authentic Native tourism assets, the United States can increase its ability to compete for international visitors seeking a uniquely American experience while ensuring that diverse Native communities contribute to, and benefit from, the economic benefits that travel affords. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1579. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BETTER ONLINE TICKET SALES ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5104) to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to circumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5104 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘BOTS Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of several bipartisan bills that have resulted from the focus on the industries creating the jobs of tomorrow within the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. In particular, we examined the Federal Trade Commission’s oversight of and impact on innovation. We considered several bills to streamline the Federal Trade Commission’s authority in emerging areas. These bills build on the Federal Trade Commission’s work in overseeing the most cutting edge industries as well as threats to consumer protection presented, in part, by technological advances. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Trade Commission has a good model for policing unfair and deceptive practices in economic sectors driven by emerging technology. We highlighted this in our Disrupters Series of hearings, focusing on new and gamechanging technologies. The Federal Trade Commission operates under a flexible framework, and this session we sought to make improvements. Before I get into the bills we consider today, I want to highlight H.R. 5510, the Federal Trade Commission Process and Transparency Reform Act, which would strengthen the Federal Trade Commission’s model by ensuring it has the right tools, the right restraints, and, of course, transparency. This legislation is the sum of several measures from a number of members of the subcommittee who each contributed some targeted reforms to ensure that the Federal Trade Commission continues to strike the right balance between mitigating consumer harm and fostering innovative products and services. The Federal Trade Commission was last reauthorized in 1996, and the last time substantial changes were made to its broad authorities was 1994. A lot has changed in the techdriven sectors under the Federal Trade Commission’s purview since then, and H.R. 5510 would make small reforms to ensure that Federal law keeps up with the rest of the world. Two of the four bills from my subcommittee we will consider today clarify the Federal Trade Commission’s ability to stop certain practices that have taken advantage of consumers over the Internet. One of our bills, the BOTS Act, H.R. 5104, is a targeted measure to ensure that consumers have fair access to tickets at reasonable prices. The Internet has created great opportunities for fans to engage with their favorite teams, their favorite performers, and their favorite artists; but ticket bots have detracted from these relationships and, in fact, thwarted the efforts to obtain event tickets at their intended prices. The BOTS Act is necessary to ensure that consumers reap the full benefits of having online access to event tickets. I thank Congresswoman BLACKBURN for her leadership in authoring this bill and pushing it forward through our subcommittee. Another bill, H.R. 5111, would ensure that online consumer reviews are no longer subject to gag orders. Some bad actors have penalized consumers for giving their products or services a bad review. This is holding back progress and accountability; and our legislation, the Consumer Review Fairness Act, would help put a stop to it. Congressman LANCE is the author of this legislation, and I thank him for his work in making certain that this becomes law. We also have before us H. Res. 847, a measure that recognizes the potential of the Internet of things. A national strategy is needed for the Internet of things. In order to reap the potentially enormous benefits of connected devices, we must ensure that the bureaucracy stays out of the way of innovation, stays out of the way of progress in the marketplace, but that the government is also using the technology to reduce costs to taxpayers. Similarly, we are putting forward a resolution authored by Mr. KINZINGER  of Illinois and Mr. CA´RDENAS , H. Res. 835. This measure recognizes the growing importance of advanced financial technology, what they call fintech. Fintech has driven forward the development of blockchain technologies, which are poised to revolutionize several economic sectors. Blockchain technology may help solve problems related to transaction costs and is especially well suited to address security concerns in cyberspace. b1700 In addition to the four bills from subcommittee, we will also be considering three bills from other subcommittees within Energy and Commerce. The Amateur Radio Parity Act would require the Federal Communications Commission to adopt rules that allow amateur radio operators to use their equipment in deedrestricted communities. The Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act would provide certainty for scientists and industry that advance nuclear technologies that can be reviewed, licensed, and commercially deployed, helping the United States remain the world leader in nuclear technology development. Finally, the Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act would ensure doctors traveling with athletic teams across State borders are properly covered by malpractice insurance. Again, I want to thank all Members of the subcommittee and the full committee who sponsored these measures and the stakeholders who helped us perfect them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because this is a bipartisan day where we have a number of pieces of legislation we agreed to. I will talk about each of them, but I do want to say that I am a bit disappointed that my chairman decided to focus on a partisan bill on which there is a good deal of disagreement, H.R. 5510, the FTC Process and Transparency Reform Act. The bill, in the view of the Democrats, would undermine consumer protections at the FTC and it would make it harder for the FTC to take action in the case of noneconomic harm, like privacy violations, such as a 2012 cyber peeping case that we have been talking about. So I am hoping that we can, from now on, focus on bills that we, fortunately, do agree on and move them forward. I am talking now about H.R. 5104, the Better Online Ticket Sales Act, the BOTS Act, sponsored by MARSHA  BLACKBURN . I thank Representative BLACKBURN for authoring the legislation and Representative TONKO for cosponsoring that legislation. The legislation addresses a real problem in the ticket marketplace. Anyone who has tried to buy tickets, let’s say, to Adele, Beyonce, or Hamilton knows how difficult it can be to buy online. The Chicago production of Hamilton, I’m sorry to say, sold out almost immediately when tickets were put on sale this summer, and that is not just because everybody was ahead of me online. Ticket buyers are competing not only against other fans, but in many cases, they are up against sophisticated bots that buy up tickets to resell on the secondary market at a jacked up price. The BOTS Act empowers the Federal Trade Commission to go after these bots, and I support that. However, there is more we could do to help consumers in the ticket marketplace. Not only are tickets scooped up by bots, but a significant share of seats is held back for the artist, fan clubs, promotions, and other special groups. There is little transparency about what is actually being put up for general sale. When you buy a ticket online, the first price you see is often not the price you end up paying. Service and convenience charges can surprise consumers, adding several dollars to the end price. 
In subcommittee and full committee, we considered a Democratic amendment based on Congressman PASCRELL ’s BOSS Act to create more transparency on the price and availability of tickets. This would improve the overall environment for ticket buyers. The committee also considered, but did not adopt, an amendment to have the Government Accountability Office study the ticket market. The ticket market has changed a lot in recent years, and more tickets are being sold in secondary markets online. Ticket sellers are experimenting with nontransferable tickets. We need to better understand this market if we are going to adequately protect consumers. The BOTS Act will do some good to prevent tickets from being scooped up right away for resale. I see this legislation as a first step, and I hope my colleagues across the aisle would agree. It is not the only improvement that we need to make to help ticket buyers. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), the author of this legislation. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I do rise today to support the Better On line Ticket Sales Act, H.R. 5104, or as you have heard it called today, the BOTS Act. It is bipartisan legislation. Mr. TONKO of New York has done a tremendous job working on this with me. Together, we have worked with the Senators to make certain that we have legislation that can be signed into law that will address a problem that so many of our constituents face. Now, we know it is not going to be something that does everything everyone would want, but we do know this is the first step in working with the FTC making certain that we address these bots. The problem is this: we have some individuals or groups that deploy hacking software—it is called bots. Short for robots, of course—that launch thousands of simultaneous requests for tickets on a ticket site. Now, I am certain many of us have tried to buy a ticket as soon as they go on sale, just as Ms. SCHAKOWSKY was talking about the performance of Hamilton. We see this a lot with concerts that are coming into Nashville. You go on. You log on. You want to buy that ticket for that sporting event or for that concert, and the bots overwhelm the site and cherrypick the very best tickets. Then what do you find? You don’t have the ability to purchase a ticket. This has become so frustrating to consumers because they do plan to go on and they do plan to buy that ticket. The site just slows to a crawl, and then when they get through, the tickets are sold out. This is something that has been very frustrating not only to consumers, but to artists, to entertainers, to fans of live entertainment, and to sports teams. The artists and the teams often price tickets well below the highest possible price they might be able to get from the fans for any particular event. They do this as a way to invest in that long term relationship with their fans. The BOTS Act would make it an unfair and deceptive practice under the FTC Act to use a bot to violate both the terms and conditions of the ticketing site. Also, it creates a mechanism where the State Attorneys General can bring a cause of action against the botsters. The BOTS Act will stop people from gaming the ticketing system, and it will increase access to events for fans of live entertainment. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5104, the Better Online Ticket Sales Act, on which I joined in introducing with my colleague and friend from Tennessee, Mrs. BLACKBURN . This bill would target the unfair practice of using software bots by scalpers to automate the process of purchasing event tickets from online vendor platforms. As we saw at our legislative hearing on the matter in the Energy and Commerce Committee, the current lack of any Federal statute to deter the practice of using bots has turned the ticket industry in the United States into a rigged system. For instance on December 8, 2014, a single broker used a bot to purchase over 1,000 tickets for a U2 concert at Madison Square Garden within the first minute of sale. By the end of that day, the same broker and one other had amassed more than 15,000 tickets to U2 shows across North America. According to an exhaustive investigation by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, tickets purchased in this manner are then resold on secondary markets at an average of 49 percent above face value, though there are plenty of examples where the markup was more than 1,000 percent. The people in the capital region of New York and across the rest of our great country worked far too hard to save money enough to see a performance or a game. They should not be shut out from buying tickets online at a reasonable price because a computer program beats them to the punch. By following the example set by States like New York where unlawful ticket brokers have had to pay stiff penalties for their given actions, we can start to reel in these unfair practices and make sure that Americans have the access to events that they truly deserve. The BOTS Act expands upon the work of these States by prohibiting the intentional use or the sale of bots software and by barring any tickets acquired in this manner from entry into an event. This legislation would also establish civil penalties for this behavior on a national level, instructing the FTC or the Attorney General of a State to bring civil action against any persons found in violation. There is clearly a great deal more that can be done to protect consumers and bring more transparency to the ticket market, but I do believe the BOTS Act represents an excellent step in the right direction for bringing accountability and trust to this industry. I thank my colleague, Mrs. BLACK BURN , for her hard work on this measure. We have enjoyed working together to come together with this bill, and look forward to continued progress. I encourage my colleagues to support the measure. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Well, as I said earlier, the BOTS Act is a positive step to improve the ticket market. Today we will advance this bill on a bipartisan basis, which is always good; but I certainly do hope we can work together on further changes to increase transparency and fairness for ticket buyers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge our colleagues to support this important legislation. I thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for bringing it forward. I thank the members of the subcommittee for helping us get it to the floor, and I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5104, the Better On line Ticket Sales Act, and to discuss what it means for consumers. Congresswoman BLACKBURN introduced this legislation to combat an issue that many of us are probably very familiar with if you attend entertainment events. Too often, consumers are left in the dust as outside groups take advantage of the system and buy up tickets in large blocks. This results in fans not having access to those events or having to pay more to purchase tickets from a third party vendor. This harms the industry and fans looking to enjoy it on their free time. Under this bill, software that enables this circumvention of those checks would be prohibited from being sold and tickets purchased in this manner would also be prohibited from being sold. The FTC would enforce these new requirements and people who were affected by these profiteering ventures would be able to bring a civil suit. For too long, these organization and individuals have sidestepped the system with the fan being the one that is most impacted. Congresswoman BLACKBURN ’s legislation would overhaul this broken system and punish those who are unwilling to play by the rules. I applaud her work on this issue and the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee to rein in these actions and urge passage of this important legislation. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of seven bipartisan bills originating out 
of four of our subcommittees that are direct evidence of a very busy and productive session in the Energy and Commerce Committee. This package includes several measures that protect consumers and set Congress’ sights forward to fostering nextgeneration technological development. We will consider a measure introduced by Full Committee Vice Chairman BLACKBURN , to enhance penalties for the use of automated ticket scalping software. For too long, consumers have been gouged, as scalpers have used software to buy large numbers of event tickets—oftentimes preventing consumers from purchasing them at face value and then charging a 1,000 percent markup to resell those same tickets This thoughtful legislation, the BOTS Act, is a targeted measure to prevent this practice and to ensure that consumers have fair access to tickets at reasonable prices. We will also consider a measure authored by Mr. LANCE , along with Mr. K ENNEDY , to en sure that online consumer reviews are no longer subject to gag orders—a practice ultimately affecting consumers as it hinders transparency and accountability in product reviews. Our legislation, the Consumer Review Fairness Act, does what it says and will help put a stop to this bad practice. We will also consider a resolution that makes some important findings with respect to the Internet of Things. Back home in Michigan, folks are turning to smart devices to improve their access to health care, education, transportation, and other services that simplify their lives. This resolution sets forth Congress’ unified belief that innovation in this space must be allowed to flourish and that the government must also take advantage of technology. Similarly, we are putting forward a resolution authored by committee members Mr. KINZINGER and Mr. C A´RDENAS that encourages a unified strategy around advanced financial technologies. The FinTech industry has changed how consumers engage in commerce and control their financial information as it lowers cost and increases financial access worldwide. This chamber’s support for consumer empowerment through innovation is solidified with this resolution. On the Health front, today we are also considering Mr. GUTHRIE ’s Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act. H.R. 921 would ensure that team doctors, trainers, and other licensed health care professionals are covered by their malpractice insurance when providing care to their athletes outside of their primary state. We will also vote on Mr. KINZINGER ’s H.R. 1301, which originated out of the Communications and Technology subcommittee, and will ensure amateur radio operators are not prohibited from pursuing their passion simply because they live in a deedrestricted community. Amateur radio plays an important role in emergency response, often able to establish communication in disaster areas when traditional communications networks fail. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Last, but certainly not least, we will consider a measure from Rep. BOBLATTA to help provide certainty for innovators and entrepreneurs who are seeking to develop and license the next generation of nuclear technologies. These technologies may provide breakthroughs in safety and efficiency over the technology in use today. We should ensure that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has the expertise and resources to review and license the latest in advanced reactor technologies and this bill would do just that. Individually, each of these bills are important but taken together they are evidence of the fine, bipartisan lawmaking that has come to define this committee, and further evidence of our ongoing bipartisan record of success. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5104, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONSUMER REVIEW FAIRNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5111) to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5111 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Consumer Review Fairness Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, one of the most important aspects of an efficient market is the free flow of information to consumers. The Internet has added hundreds of billions of dollars to the economy, and much of this is due to the ready access that it affords consumers and businesses access to information. Government officials spend a lot of time worrying about how to ensure that the independent information sources about product and service qualities are available. So the truly great thing about consumer reviews is that, as long as they are reliable sources of information, they are made available at no cost to the consumer or to the taxpayer. b1715 But this benefit is in trouble if we allow businesses to prevent information from ever becoming public. Many of us might hesitate before we give that negative review. Others might be eager to let everyone know just how bad their brunch was, but it probably never crosses anyone’s mind that they could be fined if they tell the truth. After all, Americans are used to our freedom of speech. In one extreme example brought to us by TripAdvisor, travelers were subjected to a $5 million fine if any ‘‘actual opinions and/or publications are created which, at the sole opinion of the businessowner tends directly to injure him in respect to his trade or business . . . ‘’ Now, this is clearly designed to frighten those who read it and frighten them into silence, and those who don’t see it might be surprised to hear from a collection agency asking for $5 million after posting a negative review. The Consumer Review Fairness Act outlaws these gag orders. The prohibition is narrowly tailored to only those contracts where there is no opportunity for meaningful negotiations between the consumer and the business. In other words, it only applies to true form contracts. And the bill doesn’t interfere with Web site operators’ ability to manage the contacts and reviews on their own Web sites. Reasonable management of online reviews is necessary to ensure that they convey useful information as opposed to irrelevant or offensive content. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support free speech and support the passage of H.R. 5111. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. LANCE and Mr. KENNEDY for cosponsoring this bill, and I am pleased to join my colleague in support of H.R. 5111, the Consumer Review Fairness Act. This bill protects consumers’ ability to provide honest reviews of products and services. Chairman BURGESS is right in saying that if you get a notice that you now owe $5 million probably just about for anything, you would be surprised; but if it was because you said something truthful based on your experience about a business, that would be particularly egregious. Lots of mothers have told their children, ‘‘If you don’t have something nice to say, say nothing at all,’’ but the current practice now takes that way too far. Businesses have snuck socalled nondisparagement clauses in terms of service agreements, and consumers don’t really have a choice when it comes to those form contracts. In fact, they often don’t realize they have just given up their right to speak openly about a bad experience. Imagine hiding language in form contracts to stop a bad Yelp review, for example. For instance, a hotel in New York included a line in its guest policy that customers could be fined $500 for leaving a bad review online. It seems ridiculous to me that a company would punish a consumer who wants to air complaints, particularly since hotel prices in New York are high enough already, and now you could be slapped with a fine for saying the service wasn’t up to par. This bill would put a stop to that anticonsumer practice. It would stop nondisparagement clauses from being placed in form contracts. Consumers should be able to voice their criticisms, and allowing reviews can help other consumers make informed choices. I look at those. The Consumer Review Fairness Act protects consumer speech, and I look forward to passing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), the author of the bill and vice chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to offer this consumer protection measure along with my cosponsor, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). The Consumer Review Fairness Act allows Americans to exercise their First Amendment rights regarding consumer experiences without fear of retribution. This issue comes right from the heart of the 21st century economy. It is easier than ever for consumers to make informed choices on which business or service to use by consulting Web sites and apps that publish crowdsourced reviews of local businesses and restaurants. Consumer reviews are a powerful informational tool because consumers place a high value on the truthful reviews of other consumers. The trouble is that a number of businesses have become frustrated by online criticism and some have employed the questionable legal remedy known as nondisparagement clauses to retaliate against consumers. These are often buried in fine print, fine print that even these glasses couldn’t discern. The Consumer Review Fairness Act would void any nondisparagement clause in consumer contracts if that clause restricts consumers from publicly reviewing products or businesses accurately and would give the Federal Trade Commission the tools it needs to take action against businesses that insert these provisions into their contracts. It also would ensure companies are still able to remove false and defamatory reviews. And so it is narrowly tailored, but it is fairly tailored. A few months ago I visited Bovella’s Pastry Shoppe in Westfield, New Jersey, in the district I serve here. Bovella’s has the highest Yelp review of any bakery in that part of New Jersey. The good people at that bakery have earned reviews from their hard work and excellent consumer service. They get a lot of business from people who turn to Yelp for insight on the best bakery in town. This crowdsourcing system thrives because of its integrity. People trust it. Bad actors who bully consumers are ruining the system that helps small businesses across this country. I want to thank Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member PALLONE and Dr. BURGESS and Ranking Member S CHAKOWSKY for their leadership in moving this forward. I certainly thank my cosponsor, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). I thank the entire Committee on Energy and Commerce staff and the subcommittee staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on this legislation. This will protect the consuming public in a way that is really what we are trying to do in the 21st century because so much of what we do is based upon the Internet, based upon apps, and it is important that this Congress make sure that we are up to date in this regard. Please, let’s pass this bill to the benefit of online consumers. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ), the cosponsor of this consumerfriendly legislation. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), my colleague, for yielding and for her leadership on the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. Her efforts in fighting for consumer protection rights and privacy, including her support for this bill, are tireless. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5111, the Consumer Review Fairness Act of 2016. The Consumer Review Fairness Act is a solution to a problem consumers across America are facing. In an unjust effort to stop consumers from posting honest reviews online, some businesses have resorted to hidden contract clauses prohibiting any negative feedback for a product, service, or experience. These socalled nondisparagement clauses allow companies to sue reviewers simply for posting their candid opinions online. This is a problem I have heard about firsthand from a major company in my district, Mr. Speaker, TripAdvisor, whose members depend on an open, honest, and fair online forum. Like every American, those members have an undeniable right to voice their concerns when an experience or product fails to meet their expectations. Secret nondisparagement clauses limit our free speech and subject unsuspecting individuals to crippling lawsuits from businesses desperately trying to preserve their own reputation. The Consumer Review Fairness Act makes these clauses illegal and voids any contract that contains a nondisparagement clause. It would allow the Federal Trade Commission to enforce the law and take action against any business that inserts these provisions into their contracts. Importantly, Mr. Speaker, this bill preserves the rights of businessowners to take action against untruthful or dishonest reviews. Businesses still have a right to ensure that no confidential information is unfairly posted and may seek recourse in cases of defamation, libel, or slander. I think it is fair to say that most of us in this Chamber today have looked at a consumer review prior to purchasing a product or service. In some way or another, we have relied at least some or in part on those reviews, both good and bad. If consumers want to post a truthful review online, they should not fear retribution just because their review is negative. Mr. Speaker, there are several more people I would like to thank, including, of course, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) for his leadership and partnership in this effort; the subcommittee chair, Mr. BURGESS , and his staff; Chairman UPTON ; Ranking Member PALLONE ; and, as I said, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . I would like to thank also my good friend, ERICSWALWELL , who has led legislative efforts on this issue for years. Lastly, and certainly not least, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my gratitude to the majority and minority staff of the Committee on Energy and Commerce for their hard work and engaging in good faith discussion to help get this bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5111. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I advise the minority that we have no additional speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The Consumer Review Fairness Act is a step forward not only for protecting consumers’ speech, but for, really, the millions of consumers who rely on the reviews, the opinions of others, and believe that you get a fair mix of reviews, good and bad, that will enable you to make better purchasing decisions. This bill passed on a bipartisan basis through both the subcommittee and full committee, and I look forward to passing it today. I want to thank all those who were involved in making this happen. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support free speech and support the passage of H.R. 5111. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5111, the Consumer Review Fairness Act of 2016. One of the most amazing aspects of the Internet is its ability to allow for the sharing of information, and consumers often rely on the reviews of others to make purchasing decisions. This system only works if consumers have access to all information available from across the nation, including both positive and negative reviews. We simply cannot allow companies to bully or attempt to silence customers who want to offer negative but honest assessments of products or services. I was outraged when I first heard last Congress that companies were doing exactly that, using buried contractual terms, known as nondisparagement clauses, to try to block or punish customers for writing negative reviews online. To end this practice I introduced H.R. 5499, the Consumer Review Freedom Act of 2014, a narrow bill designed to outlaw nondisparagement clauses and empower the government to stop companies from using them while maintaining the ability of businesses to sue for traditional defamation. This Congress, Representative Darrell Issa and I introduced a bipartisan version of this legislation. Today the House is considering H.R. 5111, very similar to our Consumer Review Freedom 
Act but with some improvements. I want to thank Representatives Leonard Lance and Joe Kennedy for introducing this legislation and working diligently to move it forward. The Senate has already passed essentially the same bill, and so I hope once the House acts today the Senate can quickly pass H.R. 5111 and send it to the President’s desk for his signature. This will be an important step in protecting a vital source of information for consumers across the country. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5111. Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5111, the Consumer Review Fairness Act, which would protect consumers’ First Amendment right to share their experiences with a product or service online. Millions of Americans go online every day to read candid experiences from likeminded consumers, and many also share their reviews on everything from restaurants to clothing to hotels and services. American consumers should feel confident in providing honest reviews, as the First Amendment protects their right to express their opinions. As a former small business owner, I know that listening to customer feedback is crucial for success, and that constructive criticism is sometimes more helpful than praise. Unfortunately, some businesses have found ways to bully consumers with costly penalties and lawsuits in an effort to hide negative reviews. Instead of trying to improve their own practices, these bad actors are taking their mistakes out on their own customers. The Consumer Review Fairness Act would stop this unethical practice by prohibiting businesses from penalizing consumers for sharing a review they don’t agree with. Our modern day economy is dependent on the free flow of information, and this bill will ensure consumers’ rights to openly review products and services are not infringed upon. I would like to thank my colleagues for introducing this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5111, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE ABOUT A NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR THE INTERNET OF THINGS Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 847) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 847, the Internet of things, kind of a novel concept. The Internet of things represents a significant opportunity for economic growth and for innovation. It represents an opportunity for job creation across virtually every industry and every sector in the United States. The integration of the Internet and networked sensors into physical objects and things creates opportunities for new conveniences, creates opportunities for increased productivity, and substantial efficiency gains throughout our economy. According to McKinsey & Company, the Internet of things has a potential economic impact of $4 trillion to $11 trillion by the year 2025. b1730 As the technology develops and matures, Internet connectivity is capturing more than just objects and traditional household items such as refrigerators, thermostats, and televisions. Today, Internet connectivity is being integrated into industrial processes, transportation routes, workforce practices, supply chain logistics, city operations, and much more. These advancements have been particularly beneficial to the manufacturing sector, where they are enabling greater workplace productivity, factory floor efficiency, and enhanced employee safety. As a physician who has served people in north Texas for over 25 years before I came to Congress, I see great potential for the Internet of things, particularly in the healthcare space. Internet connected devices, machines, and applications are creating opportunities for better quality and more efficient care. In addition to providing these benefits, connected healthcare devices help reduce healthcare costs and other healthrelated expenses that have long been a drag on our economy and on consumers’ wallets. In recognizing the potential for the Internet of things, H. Res. 847 establishes our commitment to realizing that potential through strategic investments that ensure that the Internet of things becomes the engine for job creation, innovation, and economic growth that it promises to be. Through a national strategy, stakeholders can engage in a more collaborative discussion and resources can be used more effectively, more efficiently to foster the future development of the Internet of things market. Importantly, a national strategy will foster more consumer confidence, more 
consumer trust, and more consumer acceptance in the Internet of things. This, in turn, will drive greater adoption, additional growth opportunities, and societal benefits. I thank Vice Chairman LANCE for his leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me congratulate Mr. LANCE , Mr. WELCH , Mr. L ATTA , and Congresswoman CLARKE for their work on this important legislation. The Internet of things is an area of great innovation that deserves attention from Congress. And fortunately, in our subcommittee, we have done just that. Today, people track their physical activity with wearable devices. We have thermostats in our home that you can control from your phone from anywhere in the world. And that is, of course, only scratching the surface of consumer products that are right now available. We have been examining some of the issues related to the Internet of things in the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee. One thing is clear to me: technology is moving at a rapid pace, and our laws need to keep pace. I support developing a Federal strategy for how we approach this exciting area of technology. I would like to underscore a few key principles that must be a part of this approach: one, data security must be protected; two, Americans should understand and consent to the information that consumer devices are collecting; three, these products should be developed with safety in mind. Agencies like the Federal Trade Commission and Consumer Product Safety Commission already work to promote data security, consumer privacy, and safety. But Congress needs to make sure we provide these agencies the resources and authorities necessary to address today’s issues. I look forward to working with my colleagues to promote innovation in this space and to ensure that the Internet of things further develops in a manner that works for business as well as consumers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), the author of this legislation, vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I have never been prouder of the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee than I am on this issue. I congratulate Chairman BURGESS and Ranking Member SCHAKOWSKY for their leadership on this issue, and certainly Mr. WELCH for his leadership as well. I offer this resolution to highlight the importance of the Internet of things, also known as the Internet of everything. The Internet of things is the network of sensors and electronics in physical objects, ranging from household appliances, such as thermostats to manufacturing equipment. The Internet of things currently connects tens of billions of devices worldwide and assists consumers in nearly every aspect of their daily lives, including in the field of agriculture, education, energy, health care, public safety, security, and transportation, among many others. The lives of nearly every American are run more efficiently thanks to the Internet of things and the great advances in innovation here in the 21st century. Our role in Congress should be to help make the Internet of things thrive, to facilitate a Federal support system that empowers exciting new ideas. Ideas such as the 5G radio by Nokia Bell Labs in Murray Hill—Nokia has taken over Bell Labs, but, of course, Bell Labs is fabled in the history of this country and had been so for many, many years—the Smart Cities initiative by Qualcomm in Bridgewater—also in the district I represent— and Verizon in Basking Ridge are helping towns and cities maintain high standards of livability, resiliency, and sustainability by using IOT technology to help city planners create better qualities of life. Of course, as Chairman BURGESS has indicated, healthcare applications in this area are very promising. They are patient centered and they are economically beneficial. This will be beneficial not only to patients but, of course, to the Medicare and Medicaid programs as well. According to the management consulting firm McKinsey & Company, the Internet of things has the potential to contribute anywhere from $4 trillion to $11 trillion to the economy over the course of the next several decades—this is an enormous increase—based upon innovation here in the 21st century. The resolution expresses the current and potential future benefits of the Internet of things. I hope that it will put Congress on record in working for its growth and success. This is really at the heart of what we should be doing in Congress in a bipartisan capacity: getting ahead of the curve on the future of technology in the United States, as the United States, we all hope, will continue to be the leader worldwide in this and other matters. That is why the Internet of things is so important. That is why I am so pleased to be involved with others in this issue. Mr. Speaker, I hope that this, of course, will pass unanimously, and I hope that it will be a harbinger for what we should doing in Congress in so many other areas as well. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), a cosponsor and coauthor of this legislation, as well as my good friend. Mr. WELCH. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s leadership and, by the way, for her fierce leadership on consumer rights for the bill that just passed. I thank my colleagues, Mr. BURGESS and Mr. LANCE , whom I really appreciate, and, of course, the committee chair, FRED UPTON , and Ranking Member FRANK PALLONE . Mr. Speaker, you would be glad to know that we work pretty hard to be bipartisan and productive in the Energy and Commerce Committee. It takes a good deal of effort on both sides. This legislation is really an acknowledgement about this new technology— the application of the Internet to activities that are cutting across the entire economy, everything from agriculture to medicine—and it is an acknowledgment by Congress that this is a private sectorled, entrepreneurial led range of opportunities that has the potential to increase efficiency and productivity. For instance, on farms you have GPS planting done by GPSguided tractors. It results in much better planting with fewer seeds. It saves money and increases crop yields. In medicine, as you know, telemedicine is being tremendously helpful to folks, like in Vermont, where we are a very rural State and it is tough for folks to make a 60, 70mile journey to the VA. With telemedicine, we are able to have the doctor in that person’s local office. So it is a tremendous benefit to consumers there as well. The other thing that is really important is that, for this to be deployed, it is not a matter of us trying to come up with a regulation. The innovations that are occurring are so rapid that it really would be impossible for anybody to write a regulation that would be anything but obstructive. On the other hand, with Congress getting involved, there are going to be, as we go along, some issues of privacy and some issues of cybersecurity. When it comes to health records, all of us are going to be certain that those records are safe and private. When it comes to other things, like if somebody hacks into your Fitbit and finds out how many steps you took in a day, it is not such a big deal. But this is where Congress is going to have to play a role, because industry is going to want to be certain that the rights of their consumers and the users of their products are being protected and their information is private and safe. So we are acknowledging, as a Congress, Republicans and Democrats, that there is this new frontier with use of the Internet where entrepreneurs in the private sector are coming up with applications that can improve efficiency and productivity in almost every walk of life. One of the ongoing challenges in our committee will be to make certain that the broadband infrastructure that 
is required in order to make this benefit available to folks in rural America is built out properly. I have been working very closely with BOBLATTA of Ohio, who has a big rural district, to try to make certain that we have a commitment in the technology space for broadband deployment all across America. It makes a huge difference in rural communities in our State of Vermont and BOB LATTA ’s district in Ohio, where, if you have somebody who has got a good idea in a business, if they are in a small town with a population of a couple hundred people, as long as they have highspeed Internet, they are going to be able to take advantage of this. So it is a pleasure, I think, for all of us to find something that we agree on that is substantive and is important. I thank all the folks who have had a hand in bringing us here to this moment where we are going to have an opportunity to vote on this resolution. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I will close with this. The language of this resolution is very clear. It is the sense of the House of Representatives: ‘‘the United States should develop a national strategy to encourage the development of the Internet of things in a way that maximizes the promise connected technologies hold to empower consumers, foster future economic growth, and improve the Nation’s collective social wellbeing.’’ So, with passing this resolution, we are setting the table for future work to make sure that we encourage these developments. I want to thank so much all the sponsors and our chairmen of the subcommittee and full committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank Vice Chairman LANCE for his leadership on this important issue, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 847, which would express the sense of the House of Representatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things. We are truly living in the internet age, and new technologies are developing each day. High performing mobile devices and cloud technologies that seemed so new are already commonplace in the business world and at home. Broadband internet access is expanding into communities across the nation, and it is more affordable than ever. As innovators add internet connectivity to an increasing number of ordinary objects, we need to be thinking ahead to the next big thing. H. Res. 847 expresses the sense that we need to encourage innovation and development of these technologies through cooperation with industry and consumers. It is also important to look ahead to how the Internet of Things can be used to improve the efficiency of our government and reduce waste and abuse. By preparing for these technologies now, our nation will enjoy greater benefits in the future. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 847. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1745 EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE REGARDING A NATIONAL POLICY FOR TECHNOLOGY TO PROMOTE CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO FINANCIAL TOOLS AND ONLINE COMMERCE Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 835) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should adopt a national policy for technology to promote consumers’ access to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 835. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, I have chaired two hearings in our Disrupter Series exploring fintech. Over the last year, the subcommittee has examined mobile payments, digital currencies, and blockchain technology. There is no question that this new technology is changing the face of global payments and commerce. The rise of the smartphone has drastically changed consumer behavior 
when it comes to mobile payments. Checking an online account and transferring money is as easy as checking email on your smartphone. In 2014, 22 percent of mobile phone users reported making a purchase on their phone. Thirtynine percent used their phones to make a purchase in a store. Global investment in financial technology ventures tripled in 2014 to $12 billion, and increased 67 percent in the first quarter of 2016. Payment companies and marketplace lenders account for about twothirds of these highly valued startups. One of the cuttingedge areas of this innovation is around blockchain, a ledgerbased technology fundamentally based on transparency. Blockchain technology holds the potential to disrupt healthcare records management, manufacturing supply chain management, real estate recordkeeping, international clearing and settlement functions, and even regulatory oversight by government agencies. Peertopeer asset transfer online has been a challenge for a number of industries since the rise of the Internet. Blockchain technology has offered one potential solution that many industries could leverage in the future to protect their intellectual property. There is no doubt that blockchain innovations are on the cutting edge today. For every story about the amazing potential applications, there is another story outlining a doomsday scenario. While innovation can be frightening, discovery should be encouraged because the public will never see the benefits without assuming some measured risk. This resolution reaffirms Congress’ commitment to innovation. I support H. Res. 835, and I would like to thank Mr. KINZINGER and Mr. C A´RDENAS for their leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to acknowledge the work of Congressman KINZINGER and Congressman CA´RDENAS in bringing this resolution to the floor today. In the last year or so, fintech, financial technology, has become the new buzzword on Capitol Hill. Finance and technology have long had a close relationship. For decades, banks have been able to send money between themselves nearly instantaneously. Consumers have easy access to online and mobile banking services. Now, more technology is coming into consumers’ hands. Persontoperson payment apps have made checksplitting at restaurants much less of an ordeal. Blockchain is being used to send remittances around the world. The challenge for Federal regulators is to understand and adapt to this new technology. Fintech does not always involve traditional financial institutions. It has increased the amount of potentially sensitive consumer information being stored and transmitted. If we want innovation to continue and for consumers to trust this technology, we must ensure that data security is baked in. We also need to consider how new technology works with existing rules to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. These are not easy issues, but they are critical to furthering innovation, which I hope will lead to lower costs and better services for consumers. This resolution recognizes that Congress and Federal agencies need to be working on policies that promote the responsible development of fintech. I look forward to working with my colleagues to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ), the author of this legislation, in support of his resolution. Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman and Ranking Member SCHAKOWSKY for their work on this and their help. I rise today in support of H. Res. 835. It is a resolution adopting a national policy to promote economic growth and consumer access to financial tools through technology. I introduced this resolution with the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ) earlier this year to highlight the importance of supporting a growing industry at the intersection of consumer finance and technology, otherwise known as fintech. I would like to thank him for joining me to ensure that the United States is competitively positioned to leverage this next wave of technology for the economy and for consumers’ benefits. Fintech is leading the charge in taking payments to the next level in terms of speed, convenience, efficiency, and accessibility, and is fundamentally changing the amount of transparency and control consumers have over their information. Fintech startups have created a surge in payment innovation, ranging from new mobile payment options to digital currencies outside of traditional governmentissued currency. There are over 2,000 fintech startups, and more than a dozen that are currently valued at over $1 billion. Mobile payments revenues in 2016 are expected to surpass the $600 billion mark, and this year, 45 percent of consumers use some form of mobile payments. And with that investment comes new jobs and new opportunities. Given all of this, there is still a host of questions about these offerings that industry and government at all levels must continue to work through. Questions about security, privacy, and consumer protection are important and will guide how public and private entities continue to review and assess emerging technologies. However, potential risks and 20th century silos between government agencies should not hamper innovation in this space. In an age where mobile devices are ubiquitous, consumers are demanding a higher level of transparency and control over their financial information. Due to the proliferation of mobile devices, we have an opportunity to capitalize on an emerging technology that we cannot afford to miss out on. The only question is who is going to lead the way in this process. This resolution sends a clear message that it will be the United States, and that Congress supports continued innovation and consumer empowerment. Again, I want to just say thank you to my friends on both sides of the aisle for bringing this up, what I think is a very good bipartisan resolution and a good first step to doing what we need to do. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ), the cosponsor and coauthor of this resolution. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and friend for yielding the time, and also for her leadership, my colleague, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . And also to my colleague, Congressman KINZINGER , I thank him for introducing this legislation. It is my honor to work with the gentleman, and especially across the aisle on something that we all agree on and realize that this is something that we need to take responsible steps in harnessing here in this country when it comes to the issue at hand. Today, financial service companies are undergoing another profound era of change. In the United States alone, there are 85 million millennials, a generation considerably more open to nontraditional financial services than past generations. This is almost the same amount of Americans who have little or no relationship with a bank. That means no checking or savings account for those people. We also know that there are more than 1 billion smartphones worldwide, with more than 200 million in the U.S. alone. People today have 24hoursa day mobile access to financial services providers, regardless of how far they are from the nearest bank branch. The fintech revolution can bridge the gap between those who are banked and those who are not. Anyone with a cell phone should also be able to save, invest, transfer, and improve their financial experience safely. For example, our society has an unprecedented amount of choices when purchasing or selling products in person and/or online. Blockchain technology, the system behind bitcoin has the potential to fundamentally disrupt the way we think of not just currency exchanges but also health care, energy, and intellectual property. Of course, every new system must incorporate safeguards against those who want to take advantage of it. Finding 
the balance between the development of new technology and the protection of our personal information is not only necessary but critical. That is why Representative KINZINGER and I introduced H. Res. 835, the bipartisan financial technology resolution. It is time Congress recognizes and encourages innovation, while setting the tone for security and transparency. This resolution underscores fintech’s ability to improve a consumer’s experience when it comes to managing their finances online. It also states that fintech could help increase financial literacy rates across the U.S. by creating new opportunities for the nearly 25 million households in the United States that are still unbanked. Let it be known: identity theft is a real concern for all Americans at all levels. But the good news is that many within fintech are committed to improving security through increased transparency and verifiable trust mechanisms. Not only does fintech give small businesses and consumers an alternative way to bank, it also offers the possibility of a safer, more convenient financial experience while creating U.S. jobs. Seeing as the United States is the world leader in software development and technology, it is in our best interest to develop a national policy. We must drive innovation, boost economic growth, and ensure the protection of every American’s personal information. Fintech not only makes products and services more accessible to the consumer, but it can also make these services more affordable. It is needless to say that fintech has great potential in our future. We need to do what we have to, as government, to unleash the creativity, convenience, but more importantly, its responsible and safe environment for these technologies, all the while, seeing to it that we stay out of the way of getting in the way of the billions and eventually trillions of dollars that will be manifested through this new industry; and that means, jobs, jobs, jobs right here in America. If we don’t harness this policy, if we don’t work with the industries, if we don’t do our job as making sure that we set the tone, not only for this country but for the world, we may find ourselves missing out on this tremendous opportunity on behalf of the American public and the American worker. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H. Res. 835, the bipartisan fintech bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the passage of H. Res. 835. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this resolution reaffirms Congress’ commitment to innovation. I support H. Res. 835. I want to thank again Mr. KINZINGER and Mr. CA´RDENAS for their leadership. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 835, which encourages the development of new technologies that increase consumers’ access to commerce and financial tools. This is an exciting time in American Commerce. Each day, innovators are connecting consumers, industries, and markets through brand new technologies and connected devices. These new technologies will empower American consumers and our economy like never before. With innovations coming so rapidly, we need to ensure that these new technologies are not at the expense of consumer privacy and cybersecurity. These resolutions would support American innovation in financial technology, transparency, security, and consumer empowerment while protecting consumers’ personal information. By improving consumers’ access to commerce through technological means, we can greatly improve the quality of life for future Americans. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution so that our innovators can confidently take on the challenge of developing technology for tomorrow’s marketplace. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 835.) The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
AMATEUR RADIO PARITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1301) to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur service communications, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1301 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b1800 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill H.R. 1301. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding. I also want to thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member ESHOO for working with me to get this legislation to a point where all interested parties are able to support its passage today. Additionally, I would like to thank the representatives from the ARRL and CAI for meeting with our offices time and again to come to an agreement that helps us move forward on this legislation in a bipartisan and very positive manner. Under current law, there is an outright prohibition on the use of any antennae for amateur radio use in certain areas with no consideration for the emergency ramifications that come as a result. For some, this is merely a nuisance; but for others, those who use their amateur radio license for lifesaving emergency communications, a dangerous situation can be created by limiting their ability to establish effective communication for those in need. During times of emergency service, such as following a hurricane or tornado, amateur radio operators are able to use their skills and equipment to create a network of communications for first responders when other wired or wireless technologies are down—a vital and lifesaving function. Additionally, there are some hams that take their certifications even further by purchasing expensive equipment and going through extensive training to become part of MARS, the Military Auxiliary Radio System. The purpose of MARS is to help our military patch through their communications to one another domestically and abroad, and I have personally used this system as a pilot in the military. What is so impressive about this group is what it takes to be part of this system. MARS members must have access to expensive, highfrequency radio equipment; it must file monthly reports; and they participate in a minimum of 12 hours of radio activity each quarter, all on their own dime and all on their own time. This legislation that is brought before us today would change current regulations hampering the ability of amateur radio operators to effectively communicate in certain areas while respecting and maintaining the rights of local communities in those areas where hams reside. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the willingness of all the interested groups in coming to the table with myself, with Chairman WALDEN , and Ranking Member ESHOO , in order to come to an amicable agreement on how to move this legislation forward. I urge support of this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1301, the Amateur Radio Parity Act. Mr. Speaker, I commend both cosponsors here, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois and Mr. COURTNEY of Connecticut, who have placed common sense into this legislative format that will drive fairness, I believe, into the equation for amateur radio operators. Operators provide essential services in times of emergencies, and they should not be prohibited from building their facilities. They provide a very useful role in our given neighborhoods and communities. H.R. 1301 will provide for new rules that will help these operators navigate homeowner association restrictions when they are attempting to build their given stations. The bill, Mr. Speaker, strikes the right balance to ensure that homeowner associations can impose reasonable regulations for amateur radio towers, but it would also make sure that amateur radio enthusiasts can continue to operate. I do congratulate Chairman WALDEN  and Ranking Member ESHOO for their work to come up with an agreement that everyone can support based on the efforts of the cosponsors of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ), my good friend. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to, again, thank my friend, Mr. TONKO , and salute his great work on the Energy and Commerce Committee, as well as Mr. BURGESS and Mr. K INZINGER . For the last two Congresses we have worked together to get this legislation to the place we are at this evening. Again, it really recognizes the passionate work and highly skilled work that over 700,000 ham radio operators conduct every day in this country. A couple of years ago in Hartford, Connecticut, they had the Centennial Convention of the American Radio Relay League, which brought together thousands of ham operators from all over the country to share their skills and to look at the latest innovation and technology, which Mr. KINZINGER  referred to and, again, talked about the networks that they collaborate on in terms of early weather warnings as well as assisting the American military. Last Congress, we had 69 bipartisan cosponsors. This year, it grew to 126, and, again, that is because of the external grassroots pressure which these groups brought forward. Again, they have no sort of skin in the game in terms of any personal benefit. As the Congressman from Illinois said, they are all basically volunteers. But I think it is important to realize this is not just a feelgood bill. This is about really strengthening our systems of emergency services and first responders that are out there. In the State of Connecticut in 2014 we got a pretty good taste of this when Hurricane Sandy hit. It basically struck the power grid down for about 10 days or so. In the wake of that, we saw all the advanced communication that we take for granted—whether it is cable communication or cellular communication—completely sort of fall by the wayside. So the only way that first responders could communicate, the folks who were delivering emergency medical care to the State during that time period was, in fact, going back in time and relying on the ham radio operators to make sure that these groups were in realtime communication. So what this bill seeks to do is to rebalance what has happened out there in terms of land use restrictions that have inhibited the ability of these really hardworking volunteers—American patriots I would argue—to really perform this critical duty. The vast majority of homes that have been built since the 1980s in this country have contained some type of deed restrictions that have inhibited that capability. As a result of this legislation, it will sort of rebalance legitimate property rights of private property owners to make sure that nonintrusive antennas and technology will 
be able to allow this network to continue to thrive and to do the great work that it does to support local disaster response all across the country. I had a conversation recently with the chairman of the FCC, Tom Wheeler, who, again, as an organization going back to the 1970s, has recognized the value of amateur radio in terms of bolstering America’s communication system providing kind of a redundancy system, a backup system, in case, again, the advanced stuff that we take for granted now is struck down by external events. He strongly supports this legislation. Again, I want to salute the great bipartisan work that was done on the Energy and Commerce Committee to bring this bill after 3 long years to the floor here, and I strongly urge all the Members to support its passage. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, as I indicated, the cosponsors of this legislation have struck a very sound balance between the interests of the homeowner associations and amateur radio operators. It is done in a spirit of bipartisanship. So for those reasons, I strongly suggest we support the measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1301, the Amateur Radio Parity Act, and its positive effects on amateur radio operators and our communities. Amateur radio operators not only participate due to interests in the hobby, but also because they serve an important role in the communications and coordination of communities and emergency services. Under existing regulations, amateur radio operators can be subjected to regulations that other industries are not subject to, effectively singling them out. This bill doesn’t display favoritism, it simply created an equal playing field for an industry that is little known, but contributes immensely to the wellbeing of our communities. The Amateur Radio Parity Act would ensure that amateur operators are able to continue their hobby within the confines of the law, including in deedrestricted communities. Across the United States, there are more than 720,000 amateur radio operators licensed by the FCC whose services to their communities cost nothing to the taxpayers. They are instrumental in helping to coordinate during natural disasters and have provided services to organizations including the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army, FEMA and the Department of Defense. As the Representative for coastal Georgia, I know all too well the effects of a natural disaster on an area and the benefits to having in place every protection possible to help combat the challenges that arise in those difficult times. I applaud my good friend Mr. KINZINGER for his work on this issue and the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee to address these reforms and I urge passage of this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1301, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to amend its rules so as to prohibit the application to amateur stations of certain private land use restrictions, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SPORTS MEDICINE LICENSURE CLARITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 921) to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 921 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 921, the Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2016, introduced by my 
colleague on the Health Subcommittee, BRETT GUTHRIE . Team physicians and other licensed sports medicine professionals often travel with their athletes to away games and other sporting events outside of their home State. When providing care to an injured player during the game or in the locker room afterwards, they are often doing so at great personal and professional risk. If they are sued, their home State license could be in jeopardy, and their malpractice insurance may not provide coverage. This commonsense bill would provide clarity first by stating that their liability insurance shall cover them outside their home State for limited services within the scope of their practice, subject to any related premium adjustments. Second, to the extent that the healthcare professional is licensed under the requirements of their home State to provide certain services to an athlete or team, they shall be treated as satisfying corresponding licensure requirements of a secondary State in these narrowly defined instances. H.R. 921 has almost 200 bipartisan cosponsors and is supported by a wide range of professional medical associations as well as amateur and professional sports associations. I urge my colleagues to join me in support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 9, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : I write with respect to H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 921 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 921 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 921 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 921. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 12, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, there are provisions of the bill that fall within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate your willingness to forgo consideration of H.R. 921, and I agree that your decision is not a waiver of any of the Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. In addition, I understand that the Committee reserves the right to seek the appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and you will have my support for any such request. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 921. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 921, the Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015. The bill’s sponsors, Congressman RICHMOND and Congressman GUTHRIE , were able to fix a particular problem with a targeted solution in this legislation. As amended, this bill will ensure that sports medicine professionals who contract with a team are covered by their medical professional liability insurance while they are traveling with their teams. Medical licensure is State specific, so when a provider travels with a team, they are often technically practicing without a license and without their medical liability insurance. Obviously this is a problem. This bill solves that problem unique to sports medicine professionals since they travel around the country with their teams. The legislation provides that any medical malpractice incident occurring under the care of a traveling team sports medicine professional would be treated as if it occurred in the professional’s primary State of practice rather than the State in which the game is being played. This bill does not allow these providers to practice beyond the scope of their licenses or to treat athletes anywhere other than the field or the court. This legislation will also provide certainty to players that malpractice insurance will apply if they need to file a lawsuit after receiving improper care. I am pleased that the sponsors were able to work with the Energy and Commerce Committee and stakeholders to ensure that this bill achieves the right balance. I want to thank Congressman GUTHRIEand Congressman R ICHMOND from Louisiana for working on this bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I just, again, want to thank the sponsors for fixing a problem that clearly needed fixing. I support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this worthwhile bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 921, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1815 ADVANCED NUCLEAR TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4979) to foster civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies and enhance the licensing and commercial deployment of such technologies, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise today in support of H.R. 4979, the Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016, which I introduced with Congressman MCNERNEY  earlier this year. We are very excited the bill received unanimous support of the full Energy and Commerce Committee. The next generation of the nuclear industry needs to start now, with Congress ensuring that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is able to provide 
the certainty that the private sector needs to invest in innovative technologies. Nuclear power is currently 20 percent of our national energy portfolio, and it must remain a vital part of our energy mix. As the United States looks to the future, more energy will be needed, and nuclear power provides a reliable, clean baseload power option, currently providing approximately 63 percent of total carbonfree energy. It is imperative that we develop the right regulatory framework so advanced nuclear technologies can be developed, licensed, and constructed here in the United States. If we miss the opportunity to establish a safe, predictable regulatory framework for these technologies, private innovators and entrepreneurs will take their investment and scientists to our competitors in the global market. H.R. 4979 requires that NRC establish a regulatory framework for issuing licenses for advanced nuclear reactor technology and also requires that NRC submit a schedule for implementation of the framework by 2019. Safety in nuclear is the number one goal, and this regulatory framework ensures that NRC has the opportunity to develop a framework to safely regulate the future technologies of the nuclear industry. H.R. 4979 also requires that the Department of Energy and the NRC collaborate in developing new nuclear technology. DOE and its National Laboratories provide opportunities to test new private sector nuclear technologies. This bill would direct DOE to look at options for publicprivate partnerships between the DOE and the private sector companies interested in investing in the future of nuclear. There is also a role for NRC in this space because these testing opportunities may allow for demonstration of technologies that NRC has not commercially licensed for over the last 40 years. Investment in new technologies is already happening, with approximately 50 companies in this country investing over $1 billion to develop the next generation of nuclear power. That is why we introduced H.R. 4979. It is time for Congress to ensure that NRC provides a framework so that innovators and investors can prepare to apply for licensing technologies. Passing this legislation is key to ensure that the United States remains a leader in the nuclear industry, which is vital for both our electricity mix and our national security. I want to thank all of the cosponsors of this bill, as well as Chairman UPTON  and Congressman MCNERNEY and all of the staff and stakeholders for their work on this important legislation. I urge full support from my colleagues for H.R. 4979. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4979, the Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016, introduced by our colleagues Mr. LATTA of Ohio and Mr. MCNERNEY of California. As subcommittee ranker of Environment and the Economy that reports to the standing committee of Energy and Commerce, I am proud to support this legislation. H.R. 4979 would require the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to enter into a memorandum of understanding to ensure technical expertise is maintained to assist in the development of advanced nuclear technology. The legislation would also require the NRC to establish a framework for issuing licenses for advanced reactor technology. Nuclear technology has been largely unchanged for decades. Having our experts coordinate is the best way to support the private sector’s development of new technology that may advance the industry in terms of waste, in terms of efficiency, and in terms of safety. Regardless of Members’ position on nuclear energy, I believe there is unanimous agreement that there is no compromising when it comes to safety. We need high standards for safety, and I believe and hope that the enhanced cooperation between DOE and NRC required by this bill will help put safety front and center for the development of advanced nuclear technology. I congratulate Mr. LATTA and Mr. MCNERNEY for their work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank my friend and colleague from Texas, Chairman BURGESS, for yielding me time. H.R. 4979, the Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016, gives direction to cooperative civilian nuclear energy R&D and provides regulatory changes to advance commercial innovation in the American nuclear power industry. I thank the chairman of the committee on Energy and Commerce, my good friend, FREDUPTON , for his leadership and for working with me on this shared legislation. I am encouraged by the strong bipartisan support that has emerged for nuclear energy innovation, beginning with the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s Housepassed Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, H.R. 4084. That bill is part of both the energy policy and NDAA conferences going on right now. H.R. 4084, sponsored by the Science, Space, and Technology Subcommittee on Energy Chairman RANDY WEBER and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , already has passed the House this Congress with strong bipartisan support. The reinforcing legislation we consider today continues this bipartisan work. I thank the sponsors of today’s bill, Representatives BOB LATTA and J ERRY MCNERNEY , for their initiative on this issue. Advanced nuclear energy technology provides an opportunity to make reliable, emissionfree electricity available throughout the modern and developing world. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee has held many hearings and worked steadily on nuclear innovation since December 2014. I thank Chairman UPTON , in particular, for being willing to incorporate important provisions in today’s bill that were developed by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee through our continued work on nuclear R&D in our jurisdiction. I also appreciate Chairman UPTON ’s acceptance of language to ensure that the Department of Energy focuses on research and development that enables private sector commercialization efforts. Nuclear power has been a proven source of safe and emissionfree electricity for over half a century. America’s strategic investments in advanced nuclear reactor technology can help create economic growth here and an improved quality of life around the globe. Unfortunately, government red tape has stalled the ability to move innovative technology to the market. This legislation requires the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to provide a plan for developing a more efficient way to regulate new nuclear technology. In July 2015, the chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission testified before the Science, Space, and Technology Committee on this very issue. Congress must take action to ensure that the NRC reviews, assists, and approves advanced reactor technologies. If not, the United States will be forced to import nuclear technologies from overseas. America must lead the world in nuclear technology for our energy security and national security. I thank the sponsors for their work on this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ), a friend, colleague, and fellow engineer on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for that introduction. I also want to thank Mr. LATTA for his work on this. He moved forward and asked me to participate. I thought it was a good plan, so I did. As our country works to mitigate the effects of climate change and prepare for the energy challenges of the future, we must now move to develop low and zerocarbon energy sources. This means making investments into R&D, training the scientists, engineers, and mathematicians of tomorrow, and ensuring there is an appropriate regulatory and investment framework that will foster growth as new technologies become commercially viable. 
Nuclear energy has been a reliable source of energy, producing a significant amount of our Nation’s energy supply, and it will likely do so into the future. But building plants and developing new technologies takes time, and we need to take steps to ensure the regulatory tools, including safety and reliability, are in place to meet potential increases in nuclear power capacity. H.R. 4979 is a commonsense approach that provides a pathway for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to establish the proper regulatory framework to facilitate, verify, and permit advanced reactor technologies. This bill also fosters increased collaborations between the NRC and the National Laboratories to provide opportunities to test new nuclear energy technologies and bolster publicprivate partnerships. The provisions in this bill are aligned with the NRC’s fiscal year 2017 budget request. As we move forward toward a low carbon sustainable energy economy, nuclear energy has the potential to play an instrumental role in meeting both State and national goals. Our current nuclear reactors use light water reactor technology, but there are advances that move toward completely different technology, including small modular reactors that can increase efficiency and safety while reducing the permitting and construction requirements that have hampered the development of new nuclear plants in recent years. The bill passed unanimously out of the Energy and Commerce Committee and has support from nearly a dozen organizations, and I urge its passage. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4979, the Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016, to talk about what it means for our Nation’s energy infrastructure needs. Energy independence is a critical goal for the United States as the sources of energy available in this country grow and become safer. It has been proven that nuclear energy is an extremely safe and viable option with the only new nuclear plant in 30 years being built just up the river from my district. There has been a considerable amount of research and development that has gone in to nuclear energy, and it accounts for 60 percent of the clean energy produced in the United States. Under this bill, those hurdles to design and development will be lowered to ensure that the option to produce clean, viable energy that is stable and sustainable remains a possibility. Growing a closer partnership between the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission will help to chart an energyindependent path for our Nation as we seek new possibilities and alternatives to power our way to a better future. This legislation will knock down those walls to innovation and will provide an opportunity to develop advanced reactor designs that could be vital to our energy infrastructure. I applaud my good friend, Mr. LATTA , for his work on this issue and the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee to address these reforms to the nuclear energy field and energy independence. I urge passage of this important legislation. b1830 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I will just again reinforce what I think is a strong benefit here: bringing into the industry the efforts for resourcefulness, for efficiency, and for safety, all very key elements to this sector of the energy economy. The bill bears great benefits for the consumers of this country. I strongly support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the passage of this bill and the future of our nuclear technology industry. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, September 8, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016,’’ which your Committee ordered reported on May 18, 2016. H.R. 4979 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 8, 2016. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016.’’ As you noted, H.R. 4979 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate your willingness to forgo action on the bill in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, and I agree that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4979, the Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act, and to talk about what it means for our nation’s energy infrastructure needs. Energy independence is a critical goal for the United States as the sources of energy available in this country grow and become safer. It’s been proven that nuclear energy is an extremely safe and viable option with the only new nuclear plant in 30 years being built just up the river from my district. There has been a considerable amount of research and development that has gone in to the nuclear energy and it accounts for 60 percent of the clean energy produced in the United States. Under this bill, those hurdles to design and development will be lowered to ensure that the option to produce clean, viable energy that is stable and sustainable remains a possibility. Growing a closer partnership between the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission will help to chart an energy independence path for our nation as we seek new possibilities and alternatives to power our way to a better future. This legislation will knock down those walls to innovation and will provide an opportunity to develop advanced reactor designs that could be vital to our energy infrastructure. I applaud my good friend Mr. LATTA for his work on this issue and the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee to address these reforms to the nuclear energy field and energy independence and I urge passage of this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4979, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 496. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 496. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 496. 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE REGARDING A NATIONAL POLICY FOR TECHNOLOGY TO PROMOTE CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO FINANCIAL TOOLS AND ONLINE COMMERCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 835) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should adopt a national policy for technology to promote consumers’ access to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 385, nays 4, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 41, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley 
Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Barton Blumenauer Brown (FL) Butterfield Cicilline Crenshaw DesJarlais Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Eshoo Farenthold Fincher Forbes Garamendi Granger Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Johnson, Sam Kirkpatrick Lawrence Marchant Meng Miller (MI) Nolan Palazzo Pascrell Payne Poe (TX) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Sewell (AL) Stutzman Walker Young (IN) 
b1904 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONGRATULATIONS, MINNETONKA SCHOOLS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to recognize the Minnetonka School District for being named the number one school district in Minnesota by Niche, a Web site that analyzes education data across the country. The Minnetonka School District has received an overall Aplus grade based on their excellence in several areas, including academics, educational outcomes, teachers, and extracurricular opportunities. The school district received an A grade or higher in 9 out of 10 different categories considered in the analysis. Mr. Speaker, I commend the teachers and the administrators of the Minnetonka schools for their commitment to going above and beyond in educating students from preschool to graduation. By dedicating themselves to providing an enriching learning environment, these educators are equipping students with all the necessary tools to not only excel in the classroom but also contribute to leadership on sports teams, clubs, and in our community. We are proud to have such an exemplary school system in our own backyard. Congratulations to the teachers, the students, the administrators, and the parents of Minnetonka for this distinguished recognition. 
FEDERAL FUNDING WILL COMBAT WHITENOSE SYNDROME (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I know that I join a large number of my colleagues here in the House in concern over the whitenose syndrome. It is a devastating fungus that has killed between 5.7 million and 6.7 million bats across North America. Recently, I received news of grant funding from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to combat this disease and that Pennsylvania will receive more than $30,000. As a member of the House Committee on Natural Resources, I have been active in ensuring the effects of white nose syndrome were appropriately addressed. I have participated in field hearings on the subject and toured habitats where bat populations have been devastated by this fungus. There is an ecological importance to sustaining the bat population as well as preventing the species from becoming endangered, which would cause great harm to resource production, agriculture, and construction across the Commonwealth and a large part of the country. A rule finalized in 2015, which listed the northern longeared bat, cleared the way for new conservation practices to be put in place where necessary, helping make new conservation measures possible without broadly prohibiting common landuse activities. It is my hope that these measures will help us in the effort against whitenose syndrome. f 
UNDERWATER RESOURCE MAPPING (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss recent developments in the area of underwater resource mapping. Scientists at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography used NSF funding to develop instruments to conduct marine electromagnetic surveys. This technology uses electrical currents and conduction to search for freshwater aquifers in the ocean, which will reveal the location of drinking water supplies deep below the surface of the sea. It has been clear to scientists for 40 years that bodies of freshwater exist off the U.S. East Coast. This research created the only noninvasive method capable of sensing the exact location of these valuable drinking water reserves. This technology has also attracted the attention of oil companies, which continue to develop the Scripps system to map out underwater resource deposits in three dimensions across the globe. Important projects like these improve our search for natural resources, and I commend the Scripps Institution and the National Science Foundation. 
SEPTEMBER 11 TRIBUTE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on the 15th anniversary of the murderous attacks of September 11, former Vice President Dick Cheney with Liz Cheney detailed how the next President will face greater risks to American families and a weaker military than ever before, in an oped published in The Wall Street Journal, with the President’s legacy of weakness: ‘‘The President who came into office promising to end wars has made war more likely by diminishing America’s strength and deterrence ability. He doesn’t seem to understand that the credible threat of military force gives substance and meaning to our diplomacy . . . ‘‘Among the most important lessons of 9/11 was that terrorists must be denied safe havens from which to plan and launch attacks against us. On President Obama’s watch, terrorist safe havens have expanded around the globe . . . ‘‘Generations before have met and defeated grave threats to our great Nation. American strength, leadership, and ideals were crucial to the Allied victory in World War II and the defeat of Soviet communism during the cold war. It will be up to today’s generation to restore American preeminence so that we can defend our freedom and defeat Islamic terror.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
TRIBUTE TO MASTER DEPUTY BRANDON COLLINS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today truly saddened. I rise to speak the name of a slain police officer in our community for the third time in just a few short months. Johnson County Sheriff Master Deputy Brandon Collins was hit by a car while making a traffic stop early Sunday morning and tragically killed. He leaves behind his wife and two daughters, who are suffering an unimaginable loss. Deputy Collins was only 44 years old and was just about to celebrate his 21st year with his department serving our community. Brooke and I want to extend our deepest condolences to his family and friends. You are all, and will remain, in our thoughts and prayers. As we mourn with our entire community, Deputy Collins’ death is a devastating reminder, especially in light of yesterday being the 15th anniversary of the attacks on September 11, that our first responders risk their lives all the time to protect us and keep us safe. We owe them a debt of gratitude we will never be able to repay. Mr. Speaker, may God bless Deputy Collins, and may he rest in peace. f 
A DAY SEARED INTO OUR MEMORY (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, September 11, is a day that will live in our memory forever. For those old enough to remember Pearl Harbor, that was a day that was seared into their memory. For those in the early 1960s, November 1963, the day that President Kennedy was shot will live in their memory forever. Everyone remembers where they were when they heard the news. But September 11, 2001, was a day that changed our world forever. Ultimately, we know that on that day, as the first plane hit the World Trade Center, we thought it was a terrible accident. When the second plane came in and hit that tower, we knew that it was something vastly different. We were under attack, and, frankly, our way of life was under attack. We are trained, Mr. Speaker, as young children to run away from danger, but our first responders are trained the opposite—to run towards it. And so that fateful day, as people were exiting the World Trade Center, we had our first responders who were running in to try to save as many people as possible. What was also interesting is that on Flight 93, we had citizens on that plane who realized what was going on as they got word to their loved ones and put the lives of Americans in front of their own. That plane was coming, most likely, to this building right here, Mr. Speaker. So on the day after September 11, I want to make sure that Americans realize that we thank our first responders, and we thank those who are in uniform, those in our intelligence community who are trying to protect and save the United States of America from ever experiencing that type of attack again. Again, God bless America. God bless our first responders and those in uniform. 
b1915 9/11 ANNIVERSARY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday being the 15th anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, I just wanted to commend the people of northern California, of my district, for the efforts they made to remember that and to also say thank you to our firefighters all up and down the district. The city of Chico had much positive participation as well, starting in the morning with the Optimist Club of Oroville and Chico saying, Let’s take the firefighters to breakfast. They did so. There was a lot of great participation on that. It was one way to start the day—by saying thank you again to our first responders. The city of Chico, along with their fire department, led by Chief Bill Hack, was able to have a very, very moving and welldone 9/11 commemoration starting at the Elks Club because the fire station was no longer large enough to house all the people that were participating, which is a good thing. They used great solemnity to honor the firefighters that were lost 15 years ago as well as remembering that those first responders need to be respected and properly taken care of. We commend, again, the city of Chico and the fire department for making the community part of this, culminating in the bellringing at the 9/11 Memorial they have onsite at Station 5. And there was a ribboncutting ceremony for the brand new building they have with a 9/11 memorial inside as well. God bless our first responders and our firefighters. Good job, city of Chico, for making the 15th anniversary of 9/11 a good public event. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAHOOD) laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
Thank you for your attention to this appointment. Best regards, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
LAMEDUCK SESSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to address you on the floor of the House of Representatives this evening, as we move toward a September session that perhaps gets concluded in a way that we go back to the November elections and, hopefully, we are bridged over any great big decisions that might come in a lameduck session. Something that I wanted to address to you, Mr. Speaker, is the circumstances of lameduck sessions. I look back on the history of them and it is hard for me to find happy conclusions that are drawn during lameduck sessions. I recall that Thomas Jefferson once made the statement that ‘‘large initiatives should not be advanced on slender majorities.’’ What he meant by that was, if you have a large initiative and it is going to move this country and it is going to stress a lot of people in this country, then, if you move that large initiative and its margins are essentially close to a jump ball, you are going to have almost half the people unhappy—maybe more than half the people who are unhappy. So that large initiative should not be advanced on a slender majority, because you get so much pushback, you don’t get public buyin. If you have a large initiative, you need to have a public that embraces it; one that, hopefully, we can get to a supermajority on large initiatives, because then we go forward in lockstep in defending and promoting those decisions that were made by this country. Worse than advancing a large decision on a slender majority is pushing large decisions in lameduck sessions. The reality of it is, however long and nobly Members of the House and Members of the Senate have served and however long and nobly the President of the United States may have served, when they are leaving town after the election, for them to come back here after the November election and push large initiatives in a lameduck session, they are not held accountable for it any longer. You have the people that are retiring, those that we voted out of office, and a President who is term limited altogether packaging things up and shoving them at us, the American people, sometime after November 8 and before Christmas, where we have cliffhangers that go on until Christmas Eve. I remember Christmas Eve in about 2009. In fact, it was 2009. The ObamaCare legislation was hanging in the balance in the United States Senate. There, I recall my communications with the esteemed gentleman who is now the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and I said: Procedurally, you are down to the last piece here. This is the eve of Christmas Eve day, December 23. I had sent an email over, which often and almost immediately is responded to by my senior Senator, and I said: Procedurally, you are going to hold ObamaCare until 9 o’clock tomorrow night on Christmas Eve. But it looks like the question is: Will the ObamaCare legislation be brought before the Senate before—earlier in the morning on the 24th—so that everybody can catch their plane and fly back home and get home in time for Christmas? The price for sacrificing Godgiven American liberty to move a leftist agenda, Mr. Speaker, was what was going on over in the Senate. They brought this leverage right up until Christmas Eve day. But the deal was they had a couple of judicial appointments that they wanted to get in a vote on, as I understood, that could come along in January, as a promise that they allowed the ObamaCare legislation to be voted on before 9 o’clock on December 24, Christmas Eve day. That agreement was reached and the Senate conferenced in some negotiated fashion or another and the last delay that was hanging onto Godgiven American liberty in the face of ObamaCare’s hook, crook, and legislative shenanigans, which they used to pass that through the House and Senate—in components, by the way—the last one was removed and they allowed that vote earlier in the day so the Senators could get to the airport, get on a plane, fly home, and be with their families on Christmas Eve. I said: If you are going to take away a Godgiven American liberty, then make them pay that price. Hold that vote up until 9 o’clock on Christmas Eve. Let them stay in Washington, D.C., on Christmas Eve. If they love their socialized medicine that much, let them pay that price of being away from their families to impose that on the American people. But that wasn’t the agreement. So I sent the email back, which said: What are we going to do now? The answer I received was: We are going to pray. We are going to pray for a legislative victory in the special election in the Senate race in Massachusetts. Scott Brown. I thought that was a bit of a reach, to have the audacity to ask for that. We ended up with that. Scott Brown, for a time, did delay the socialized medicine program that we call ObamaCare. George Washington could not have called it the Affordable Care Act because George Washington could not tell a lie. It is not the Affordable Care Act. It came upon us in a lameduck session. Probably the worst example of a lameduck session that we have seen. Well, at least it was a December session rather than a lameduck session because it technically was not an election year. Now we are sitting in an election year. We will elect a new President. By the time the sun comes on the morning of November 9, odds are we will know clearly who the next President of the United States is going to be. We will probably have a good idea that evening before we go to bed. Maybe the polls will give us a strong indication going into that day and the exit polls during the day will be released as the polls close and give us a sense of how this thing breaks across the country. It is an exciting time. Whether the next President of the United States is going to be Hillary Clinton or whether it is going to be Donald Trump is a question that no one at this point knows. Now, this Congress will take conclusive acts predicated upon a presumption of one or the other, or, acting as if they don’t have any consideration for who will be the next President and asking that those decisions be made, supported, ratified by people who are going home, retired by their own choice, retired by the voters, or retired, in the case of Barack Obama, by term limits. So what good could possibly happen in a lameduck session on large decisions that might bring forward—and I am not going down through the list, Mr. Speaker, because if I do that, that will add to the level of expectation on what might come. It is wrong for this Congress to make large decisions, especially on slender majorities, and it is wrong for this Congress to make decisions that are predicated by a presumption of who will be the next President of the United States. And it is really wrong to come into this Congress and make big decisions in here while people are on the way out the door; deciding votes while they are on the way out the door to go home for their retirement, whether it is by choice, whether it is by the voters, or by constitutional term limit, whatever the case may be. That lameduck session should be used only to do that which couldn’t be accomplished before the election and that which must be done before the new Congress is sworn in in the first week of January 2017. We have that period of time. We can prepare for that. But it looks to me like there are some people in this Congress who are salivating over the idea of being able to exercise more leverage by moving an agenda through in a lameduck session that will be at the disadvantage of the will of the voters. If you can’t put that up here on the floor for a vote in the House of Representatives between now and November 8; if you can’t sell it to the America people, Democrats and Republicans; if you can’t get the support of one of the likely next Presidents of the United States, then who are we to impose it on the American people now? 
By the way, who is the current President, Barack Obama, to be negotiating and leveraging and reaching legislative agreements with the House of Representatives and the Senate today on legislation that would not be signed by the next President and legislation that can’t be subjected to the light of day prior to the election? Lameduck sessions that move large initiatives are wrong. Lameduck sessions that take care of emergency issues are okay. The public will know the difference between the two. This is just a component of the discussions that we will have the rest of this month of September, Mr. Speaker, and, hopefully, the American people will have all the way up until November 8 and beyond. I want the American people to be well informed. We owe the American people—every one of us, all 435 of here in the House of Representatives—everyone around this Chamber here tonight and everyone who is watching on C–SPAN, Mr. Speaker, our best efforts and our best judgment, and that judgment should not be something that can’t be subjected to theirs. The American people need to agree with the judgment of the United States Congress. So I look at the issues that are unfolding here and that we will be taking up perhaps in the month of September, but also issues that have been seminal issues all along, throughout the Obama Presidency and prior to that and all the time I have been in this Congress, and I am seeing the pressure come forward to make a decision on a continuing resolution. We have to make a decision on a continuing resolution—a CR, as we refer to it here. I would like to have seen this Congress go through regular order. I would have been very happy to go back to the times that I remember when we had 12 appropriations bill, perhaps a supplemental appropriations bill—maybe 13, at the most—and we would see that our Appropriations subcommittees would do their work and the Appropriations Committee would do its work. And then the appropriations bill would come to the floor. They would come to the floor within the Budget Committee’s resolution and the House’s vote on a full resolution of the budget. Once that budget comes down, the Appropriations Committee goes to work and they look and see what their allocation is allowed in the budget resolution and they move the appropriations bills within that. Then the appropriations bills, Mr. Speaker, come to this floor under an open rule. I don’t care if it takes all night for us to debate appropriations bills. If you don’t care enough to stay up all night to offer your amendment, then just don’t offer your amendment. Let somebody that cares more do that and have that floor. But Democrats and Republicans should be allowed to and have the opportunity to weigh in on every spending bill that we have. b1930 And sometimes through the appropriations process is the only way that we end up with an open rule that allows a Member to bring the will of their constituents to the floor of the House of Representatives. Otherwise, the Rules Committee constrains that on policy bill after policy bill, standing bill after standing bill. The appropriations process is our opportunity to reflect the voice and the will of the American people. And when that is subverted, when that is circumvented, when we get to a place where we don’t have the regular appropriations process that is going on, then we end up with leadership negotiating a continuing resolution or an omnibus spending bill or a minibus spending bill that is packaged up in a room somewhere, not out in the open, but it doesn’t have the opportunity to be amended in the process by the will of the Membership. The more that process is narrowed down, and when a Member of Congress is required to go up to the Rules Committee and subject themselves to what can be a less than complimentary scenario of pleading with the Rules Committee for them to allow you to amend a spending bill up or down, or strike a spending line in there, or eliminate some policy, all within the rules that are there, why does a Member of the United States Congress whose constituents deserve every bit as much representation as the constituents of the leadership, or the constituents of the members of the Rules Committee, Democrat and Republicans, why does that Member of Congress have to go up and make that request to have an opportunity to make their argument to ask this floor to vote on an issue that funds or defunds policy? When we get to that point, the voice of the people, Mr. Speaker, is muted, and the will of the people, then, when it is muted, the will of the people is not carried out. I am all for open debate here on the floor of the House of Representatives. I am for open debate in committees. Let’s have a verbal donnybrook here. Over time, it sorts itself out, and the will of the people is designed to bring itself forward here in the United States Congress. I would suggest also that, from a leadership perspective, anybody that holds a gavel, and whether that is the Speaker’s gavel, Mr. Speaker, or whether it is a gavel of a committee or a subcommittee, wherever that might be, the job of that leader—chairman, usually—is to bring out the will of the group, not to impose their will on the group, but to bring out the will of the group. So when I see this discussion that comes forward here in this Congress that contemplates a CR, a continuing resolution, of roughly 90 days or so that funds our Federal Government out till December 9, I look at the calendar, December 9, and I think, okay, that is just about how long it is going to take for them to bring pressure on people that are reluctant to agree with the CR that will come then, because people will want to go home for Christmas, just like they did when ObamaCare was passed over in the United States Senate. That is what we are looking at. December 9, tight little time there. Get done, compromise, go home for Christmas. That is what that says to me. I would say, instead, I am all right with a CR. I am all right with a continuing resolution. No, I don’t want to fund any of the President’s unconstitutional executive amnesty acts, and I don’t want to fund Planned Parenthood. There are a number of things I don’t want to fund. But as far as the decision to move the funding of this Federal Government from midnight December 30 to a date in the future, I would suggest that that date be January 31, probably not any later than February 28, because we need to get that, bridge that funding over into the next Congress for the next President, whomever that might be. It is time to do this transition and move this government to the next Congress, to the next—hopefully, it is the same majority. It may not be in the House. Hopefully, it is the same majority in the United States Senate. It may not be in the Senate. The next President will be a different President, and the will of the President does itself upon the will of this Congress. We have been very much subjected to that over the last almost 8 years, Mr. Speaker. It has been an object of clarity that when the House majority has decided not to fund, let’s just say, at least one of the President’s projects and the President has said, I will shut this government down first before I will be denied the funding for my pet projects, in the end, the majority in the House of Representatives capitulated to the will of the President. We have that to contemplate going forward into the next Presidency. We have watched as the power of the House of Representatives has been diminished. The power of the Senate has been diminished and, I will say, significantly and dramatically. And it didn’t just happen under this Presidency. It began in a significant way clear back in the thirties. I don’t know the exact year that the Administrative Procedure Act was signed, but that would be, probably, a pivotal moment that one could point to on the calendar and conclude that the balance of the three branches of government that we had— that was designed by our Founding Fathers, and I would submit that the judiciary branch was always designed to be the weakest of the three branches of government. But our Founding Fathers envisioned that those three branches in government—thinking of it in a triangle, Mr. Speaker: the legislative branch, Article I; the executive branch, Article II; and then the judicial branch, Article III of 
do: impeachment, which nobody wants to do, including me; the second component of that is the power of the purse— the power of the purse that James Madison spoke about and wrote about eloquently, and it is a powerful, powerful tool. But this Congress has declined to use the tool of the power of the purse, with the exception of what turned into the shutdown of our Federal Government in the first day of October of 2013, because they don’t want to face the criticism that might come from the public of the American people. b1945 There is a tremendous amount of authority that needs to be clawed back to this Congress, Mr. Speaker, a tremendous amount of constitutional authority that needs to be clawed back. When I see a CR being prepared that looks like it is going to reflect some of the continuing resolution from last year, I see a continuing resolution that may be coming to expand, for example, immigration standards within the United States of America under the guise of, well, we are just going the kick the can down the road and do some spending that is going to get us into December 9 or on into, hopefully, February 28 or maybe a little later, and some want to go out to September 30. I think that is too far. I don’t think we ought to give a blank check to the next President of the United States if we don’t know who that is going to be—even if we know who that is going to be. We ought to be, instead, establishing a scenario by which the new Congress—House and Senate—can pass appropriations bills to get to the end of this fiscal year and get a signature of the next President of the United States, not this one. By the way, I don’t want to give this President of the United States a blank check on anything anymore, but Barack Obama said 22 times—not just 22 times in the interviews, 22 times overheard, or 22 times reported—he said 22 times on videotape that he did not have the legislative authority to grant executive amnesty to illegal aliens in the United States of America—22 times. The most recent time that he did that was just about 10 days before he changed his mind. He was here in Washington, D.C., giving a speech to a high school here in Washington, D.C. He said to them: You are smart students, and I know that you have been studying your Constitution. You will know this, that I don’t have the authority to grant executive—he didn’t use the words—but executive amnesty. I am the President of the United States. Congress writes the laws. My job as President is to enforce the laws, and the job of the judiciary is to interpret the laws. I don’t think that you could put it more concisely than that in a matter of two or three sentences. I think the President did a good job of describing that to the students there. But within about 10 days, he decided that he would reverse all of that, and all of a sudden he had the power to grant an executive amnesty—an unconstitutional executive amnesty, Mr. Speaker. President Obama unconstitutionally granted an executive amnesty to people who at least assert that they have come into the United States under the age of 18. Apparently, if you are under 18, you are not responsible for your actions, even though that is not true among the States, even in the case of homicide. So the excuse that it was somebody else’s fault, it was their parents’ fault or somebody else’s fault, never held up. It didn’t hold up in law. We write the law here in Congress, but the President granted an executive amnesty. He called it DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. You are a child, apparently, up until the moment that you turn 18, and we will take your word for it even if you are 35 today or older, by the way. That was DACA. Then there was DAPA, the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, he called it. That was another unconstitutional reach. Now, these things have— at least the one has been effectively enjoined by Judge Hanen in the Texas District. Now the President has been blocked, I think, effectively until the end of his term on continuing this amnesty process of executive amnesty. Meanwhile, the DACA executive amnesty continues. We have seen evidence that there has been circumvention of the court’s order with regard to the DAPA amnesty piece. While we are watching this unfold, we are a Congress that has allowed for funding to continue with unconstitutional acts of executive amnesty on the part of the President of the United States. I recall a discussion before the Rules Committee before a previous appropriations bill when I made the assertion, Mr. Speaker, that we all take an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. Every one of us in here, all 435 of us, and every Senator of the 100 Senators on the other end of the Capitol here through the rotunda all take that same oath that we will support and defend the Constitution of the United States, so help us God. We should take that oath seriously. Our Founding Fathers imagined that we would always be electing serious representatives who when they took their oath that they would take that oath with their hand on the Bible, and they would know that they had to answer to their contemporaries, their colleagues, their constituents, the American public, and ultimately to God for that oath. Now, the Constitution means what it says. It has to be interpreted to mean what it was understood to mean at the time of the ratification of the Constitution or the subsequent amendments. Our oath needs to be an oath of fidelity to the text and the understanding of that Constitution. If it doesn’t mean that then our oath means nothing at all. Can you imagine, Mr. Speaker, taking an oath that is: I pledge to support and defend the Constitution of the United States whatsoever I might interpret it to mean at any convenient point in the future? No. The oath is not to support and defend the Constitution in any way it might be subverted or perverted by any other authority. No. We are taking an oath to support and defend the Constitution according to the text of its clear meaning and understanding as understood at the time of ratification. If we don’t like what that Constitution means, Mr. Speaker, then we have an opportunity to amend the Constitution. It is simply defined and difficult to do for good reason. Simply defined, it just takes a twothirds majority in the House and Senate to pass a constitutional amendment out of here. The President has no formal say in the process. Although, he will have an opinion, and then that constitutional amendment goes out to the several States as it was referred to in the Constitution, and there, if threequarters of the States ratify that constitutional amendment, it becomes a component of the Constitution. Our Founding Fathers gave us a tool to amend the Constitution because they knew they couldn’t see into the crystal ball by the centuries. They wanted it to be difficult because they wanted to protect the rights of minorities against the tyranny of the majority, and they wanted to protect God given liberty. They had a vision, they were well educated, and they had a sound and faithful foundation within them. They laid out a brilliant document that would only maybe be second to the Declaration itself when it comes to the brilliance of documents that are written, at least by Americans and perhaps by mortals altogether. We are an exceptional nation. God has given us this liberty. We have an obligation to protect it, an obligation to restore the separation of powers, and an obligation to assert the constitutional authority here and say to a President that overreaches: I’m sorry, we are not going to fund your unconstitutional activities. We are going to stand on the principle itself of the Constitution. Whether or not we agree with policy, we need to have fidelity to the Constitution. We don’t get a pass because the Supreme Court errs in its interpretation of the Constitution. We don’t get a pass because the President says that he has a different opinion. We don’t get a pass no matter which side of this aisle we are on, on the right or on the left. We have an obligation to God and country and to have fidelity to this Constitution. So now this expansive immigration policy that has been delivered by the President has set a goal of 10,000 refugees coming out of Syria. At this point, I will concede that he has the executive 
authority, as granted by Congress, to bring in refugees in numbers and under consultation with the House and the Senate. I have sat in on some of those consultations in previous years, and, in fact, with Hillary Clinton for that matter, and we have arrived at, I will say, a reasonable approach to the numbers of refugees. But this President had set a goal that he was going to bring in at least 10,000 refugees out of the Syria and Iraq region. When I look at the numbers that are there and the costs that we have, if we want to provide relief to people, we can provide refugee relief to a dozen people in their home country, and that would be Iraq or Syria in these circumstances, for every one that we bring into America. When you clean that area out, when you bring people out of that area, you are handing it over to ISIS. That is part of what the President has been doing. He has been bringing people out of there and handing that region, the real estate, over to ISIS. They are glad to get rid of them. They killed thousands of people who didn’t agree with them, and there are those that are on the run from ISIS. ISIS has been committing a genocide against Christians and against Yazidis in the Middle East, especially in the Nineveh plains region. I have seen the devastation that is taking place there. Mr. Speaker, I have gone into those regions and gotten as close to the ISIS front lines as possible, and that is just outside their artillery range. I went looking for Christian refugee camps, Mr. Speaker. I couldn’t find Christian refugee camps in that part of the world, into the edges of Syria, into northern Iraq, into the Kurdish region, and into Turkey for that matter. The place to find Christians in that part of the world is go to church, and there you will find Christians. I have met with the Chaldean bishop twice in Erbil in the northern part of Iraq. In my last trip in, I went into the Catholic Church, the Roman Catholic Church in Istanbul, and I met with a good number of Christians there. Then I went down into Erbil the following morning. It was a Saturday night mass and then a Sunday morning mass in Erbil, and there I met a good number of other Christians. I sat down with a family that was a refugee family out of the Syrian region and met with the Chaldean bishop there. Here are some things that I learned from them and others: The Assyrian Christians are under attack. There is a heavy assault of genocide against them. Chaldean Christians, same way, they are subjected to genocidal attack from ISIS. The Yazidis, who are technically not Christians, are under genocidal attack from ISIS, and their home region is the Nineveh plains region. The Nineveh plains region runs along, I will say parallel or next to, Mosul in Iraq in that area. In my discussions with the Barzanis, who are essentially in charge of the semiautonomous region of the Kurdish region in northern Iraq and the Erbil area and all across, I pressed them that we need to establish an international safe zone for Christians and for the Yazidis, the native minority, so that they can live there in peace and be protected. I made that case rather extensively to him. He repeated it back to me probably two or three times greater in detail and in conviction than I had delivered it to him. I said to him: Mr. Barzani, you sound like you have said this before. His answer to me was: I have said it before. That is my public opinion. We will support an international safe zone in the Nineveh plains region. We will support it, we will help defend it, and we are committed to it. That is my public position. I was awfully glad to hear that. It is a lot better solution for refugees to give them protection in their home region and protect them from the genocidal ISIS people than it is to try to bring them out of the Middle East and bring them into the United States, or other places in the world for that matter. But we do have refugees that are looking for a place to call home around this world. So I stopped in Geneva a couple of months ago, Mr. Speaker, by the way, with Chairman GOODLATTE of the Judiciary Committee, and met with the number two on the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees. In that meeting and in that discussion, I learned a few things. I thought that it was a good meeting. It was a very constructive meeting with a lot of information that poured back and forth. b2000 I have this report that I probably will not put into the RECORD . ‘‘Global Trends: Forced Displacement in 2015,’’ which flows, of course, into 2016, Mr. Speaker. I noted a report that we had that showed some—and I am close, but maybe not exactly precise on this top number—1,562 refugees out of the SyrianIraq region that had come in in a group into the United States. Of that 1,562, roughly, number, I can give you the exact number of Christians that were included in that: one. Only one. We have seen other larger groups— several thousand—where there was only a little more than 1 percent Christians that come out of there. Christians in that part of the world, as far as refugees are concerned, grow into a number of 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 percent. So why is it that this administration can bring in more than 10,000 refugees out of that part of the world—now approaching 12,000, looks like will be the number even greater than that by the end of this fiscal year on the last day of this month, Mr. Speaker—and not have any statistical representation of Christians that are emerging from that part of the world? I asked our director of USCIS, under oath before the Judiciary Committee: Do you ask these refugees that you claim that you are vetting, and I don’t believe can be effectively vetted, do you ask them what their religion is? He said: No, we don’t ask. How would we have any way of knowing? Even if we asked them, we don’t know. So that is not a statistic that we collect or keep. Well, it seems to me to be foolish and imprudent not to be taking a look at the religion of people. We would want to be accelerating bringing Christians into America if we are going to bring refugees at all into America. They are the ones that are targeted. They are the ones that are subjected to genocide. I would like to carve out that international safe zone and let them live in peace in the area that is their home of antiquity. If that is not going to be the case, why would we be then seeing a misrepresentative sample coming into America, unless there is a preference of, let’s say, a bias against Christians coming into America, one out of 1,562, roughly 1 percent out of 3,600 or so? Then on top of that, when I began to ask the representative of UNHCR, the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees, in Geneva—who gave a very impressive presentation, I would add, Mr. Speaker—when I began to ask those questions: How many refugees do you have cleared to come out of the Middle East that could be going to any of the designated countries that are accepting them? And we know that Germany, Austria, Sweden, and France, to a degree, are picking up refugees. We watched them pour in. I walked with them pouring in that epic migration. Many of them are not cleared, but of those that have been cleared by the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees, how many do you have? Her answer was: Well, we have 115,000 who have been cleared under a refugee status that have, roughly, a background check—she didn’t use the word ‘‘roughly’’—but a background check done on them that we say are ready to be transported to host countries— 115,000. I said: Do you keep track of what religion they are? Well, absolutely, yes, we do. How many Christians? Fifteen thousand Christians out of 115,000 refugees. I didn’t do the math, but I am going to say that is 12 or 13 percent. Now, if 12 or 13 percent of the refugees that are approved by the United Nations are Christians and 1 percent, or maybe even one out of 1,562, are Christians coming into America, does that mean that this administration set up a filter to filter them out and only made mistakes? I would support, instead, an effort that if we are going to accept refugees from that part of the world, let’s make sure it is the refugees that are subjected to a religious genocide. By the way, I think they are more likely to be assimilated into America judging by 
the responses that I have heard from them. I looked at some of the results in this report that I have referenced, Mr. Speaker, and I was surprised, not quite shocked, to see the number of refugees per 1,000 inhabitants in these countries who have been flooded with refugees. I want to tip my hat to the countries that have taken on a high number of refugees that is also a high percentage of their overall population. Lebanon is at the top. Out of every 1,000 inhabitants of Lebanon, 183 are refugees. They have been stretched to the seams in Lebanon. Jordan, 87 out of 1,000. And then you go to Turkey, 32; Chad, 26; Djibouti, 22; on down the line getting down to the end, Malta, 17 per thousand. That is a high number, especially for a small island, but it is still a per capita basis. Out of all of the countries in Europe, or the United States for that matter, Sweden, 17 per thousand. That is the highest rate out of Europe in its entirety, or the Western Hemisphere for that matter, or Oceania for that matter. The Swedes continue to take a lot of refugees in. We have a national destiny, a national security, to be concerned about. We know that it is a very difficult task to vet refugees. I am supportive of an effort to suspend refugees coming out of that part of the world that produces terrorists until such time as we can get a handle on the vetting of them, on the background checks. Many times when they leave their home country and when they enter a foreign country, they will destroy any identifying documents that they might have so that they can’t be sent back to their home country. This is a big problem for Europe. We have watched as the attacks have emerged in country after country. And it is a big problem for the United States. We are challenged with this vetting process that cannot possibly uncover those who will turn to violence. We can look at polling that shows what percentage of people from terroristproducing countries that settle in the United States are supportive of Sharia law, are supportive of violence to promote Sharia law, that are, at least philosophically, supportive of organizations including and like ISIS. Those numbers are shocking. They are far too high, which caused our Director of the FBI, James Comey, to make the remark when asked to be responsible for the vetting of the refugees: You are asking us to identify the needles in the haystack. That is a very difficult task to identify the needles in the haystack. But if we could get that done, the far more difficult task is to identify the hay that will become needles. We have seen that pop up second generation, I will say, immigrants from that part of the world that adhere to the philosophy that believes that they can impose Sharia law on America through violence. And even James Comey has said: You are asking us to sort out the hay that would become needles later on. That is the second generation terrorists that have attacked us. So it is a difficult task in a war, Mr. Speaker, that has gone on for 1,400 years. We don’t recognize it as a war that has gone on for 1,400 years, but they do. Then I see legislation that is coming at us in the form of, first, H–2B legislation in a continuing resolution, Mr. Speaker—H–2B legislation. That is low skilled workers. The highest unemployment rates we have in America are the lowest skilled workers that we have. Doubledigit unemployment in the lowest skilled workers that we have in this country. The last thing we need in America are more people that have less skills, but that is what is pouring across our borders in legal and illegal immigration. We are essentially a welfare state. We have 94.6 million Americans of working age who are simply not in the workforce, and there are another—not quite 9 million—that are on unemployment. So we are 103 million or 104 million Americans of working age who are not in the workforce. Yet, we are watching the entitlements grow and grow and grow and swallow up our budget. So Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—all of them—are on autopilot for spending. What do we do when we are trying to keep up with the spending from those three? We go borrow the money from the Chinese or borrow the money from the Saudis. By the way, half the money that we are borrowing that is this $19.4 trillion in national debt, half of that is borrowed from the American people who have bought the bonds and decided they are going to invest in America’s future as if somehow this was an all out effort like World War II was. Well, it may be because we are under historically low interest rates. If interest rates should double or triple—and they could easily do that, and they would not be in historic places if they did that—we would watch a collapse on our cash flow and a collapse in our budget. Yet, this Nation has got its borders open and this Nation is bringing in more and more legal immigrants and this Nation is not protecting its borders from illegal immigration. They have turned the border patrol into the welcome wagon. And now we are poised here wondering: Is our leadership going to want to serve up an expansion of H–2Bs as they did a year ago in the C.R. that came down? I oppose that, Mr. Speaker. We can’t be expanding legal immigration. We don’t know who the next President is going to be, but if it is Donald Trump, he is not going to be for this. So is this an effort to try to hustle something through that Barack Obama will sign that the next President may not? That is H–2Bs. H–1Bs, for example, are being abused and they are being abused grossly. We are seeing examples of sometimes hundreds of employees who are being laid off that are charged with the responsibility of training their foreign immigrant replacement that is coming in on an H–1B because the employer can hire cheap labor out of places like India and bring them into the United States and lay off more Americans after those Americans train their incoming workers that will work for a cheaper rate. This is the kind of country that we are building. So we end up with more and more people in that 103 million to 104 million people who are of working age who are simply not in the workforce while all of that is going on. We are requiring companies like maybe Disney, for example, to those employees on their way out of the door: We are laying you off, but, first, do you want to train your employee, your replacement that is coming in on an H–1B? The H–1B program is abused. The H– 2B is bringing in more of a surplus of what we already have, a surplus of unskilled workers. The H–1B program is being used and it is laying off American workers and green card holders that are sitting there now doing jobs that Americans will do. By the way, there isn’t any job Americans won’t do. They are doing jobs by definition that Americans will do, being required to train their replacements. I think that is wrong. I think it is a crime for a company to require an employee to train their replacement worker while their worker is being replaced by a visa program that is designed to bring in high school people to establish a need that presumably exists within our economy. How could there be any need for employees in our economy when you have over 100 million people that are of working age and simply not in the workforce? And then we get to the EB–5 program, Mr. Speaker, the EB–5 program, the investors visa, that was set up a quarter of century or so ago and said that if you have $1 million and you can create 10 jobs investing and establishing an enterprise in America, we will give you a pass coming into the United States. A quarter of a century ago, $1 million was real money. Today it is still real money to a lot of people in America, but not so much as it was then. If you are going into a stressed area, an economically disadvantaged area, you can get by with half a million dollars. I am seeing programs like here comes—let me see—here comes 30—no, say 29—29 Chinese each with half a million dollars that bundle that money all together and maybe team up with one American. Now they have a business enterprise. Now we have 29 new Americans—Chinese—it will be the rich Chinese that are buying a path to citizenship here. Once they do that, then they can begin that family reunification plan and begin bringing their family back into the United States, too. I am seeing enterprises where an investment in, let’s say, a commercial 
building takes a pool of—it is a $30 million investment and it takes a pool of 60 Chinese with half a million dollars each to build this commercial building, they then become conceivably partners in that, and they have a path into the United States. We are selling citizenship. There is a price on it. And on top of that, we have birth tourism, Mr. Speaker, birth tourism that these numbers will be a little old, 3, 4, or 5 years old where—and I am focusing on the Chinese at this point—a turnkey operation. If you have $30,000 and you are a pregnant Chinese woman, you can fly to, conceivably, California, most likely, and be put up there in housing and have your baby. Your baby gets a birth certificate. You can fly back to China. And when that baby becomes 18, then can begin the family reunification program and the extended family and all can be hauled into America—a $30,000 turnkey. But you have to wait for 18 years before that baby is old enough. b2015 If you can’t wait, don’t want to wait, and you have got the money, you can lay $500,000 down on the barrelhead, cash on the barrelhead, and get a path into America, a green card and citizenship. These programs are just wrong. The EB–5 program should be ended; it should be sunset. If we have to make concessions on H– 2B, we don’t need to make them. We should not make immigration decisions in a CR. We ought not make them in a treaty. We ought not make them in a CR, and we ought not make them in a lameduck. Immigration decisions should be made subject to the pen, the signature of the next President of the United States. They need to have the considered judgment of the House of Representatives and of the Senate, Mr. Speaker. I will push that we do only the minimum in a lameduck, if we have to do anything at all. I would promote that a continuing resolution could kick us into the early part of next year, when we have a new Congress seated, when we have a new President that is inaugurated and sworn into office, and that the will of the American people can be reflected in the large initiatives that would be advanced by the House of Representatives, by the United States Senate, and by the next President that should reflect the will of the people. All of this, Mr. Speaker, is our charge and our responsibility because we have taken an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. It is our duty, and we owe the people in this country our best effort and our best judgment. Our best effort and our best judgment includes: we listen to them; we gather all the information that we can; we look into the crystal ball of the future as far as we can; and, with good and clear conscience and good judgment, we make those decisions that reflect their will that is within the confines of the Constitution, that fit within free enterprise, then lay down a foundation for America’s destiny so that we can be everstronger in the future and so that we can have an ascending destiny rather than a descending destiny. With all of that, Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your attention. I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3590, HALT TAX INCREASES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS AND SENIORS ACT Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Mr. KINGof Iowa), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–741) on the resolution (H. Res. 858) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3590) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5620, VA ACCOUNTABILITY FIRST AND APPEALS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Mr. KINGof Iowa), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–742) on the resolution (H. Res. 859) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5620) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today once again to help coanchor, along with my distinguished colleague Representative JOYCE BEATTY , this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour where, for the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, to the House of Representatives, to the districts that we represent collectively, as well as to the United States of America. It is a very special week for us, and we are going to spend some time during the next 60 minutes discussing the trajectory of the Congressional Black Caucus, which has been serving in this body for the better part of the last 45 years. The Congressional Black Caucus was formally established on March 30, 1971, by 13 pioneering Members who had a vision of making sure that, within this great Article I institution, there was a body that could speak directly to the hopes, the dreams, the needs, and the aspirations of the African American people and all those underrepresented communities throughout America. We are going to talk a bit about that journey, about the accomplishments, and about the challenges that still remain. I want to yield now to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ), one of the very distinguished members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who happens to be the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and has ably represented the 30th Congressional District in Texas, anchored in Dallas, for almost 25 years. It has been an honor and a privilege for me and for others to work with her, to learn from her, and to be mentored by her. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the leaders of the Special Order tonight, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY  and Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES . Mr. Speaker, as a proud member of the Congressional Black Caucus, I am proud to recognize the contributions of the CBC and its members after 45 years of service to the United States Congress and our Nation and, really, the world. The CBC was founded March 30, 1971, with the chief objective of bringing awareness to the issues facing Black America and addressing the concerns of longstanding inequality in opportunity for African Americans. We have an original member who is retiring this year, the Honorable CHARLES B. R ANGEL . The most senior Member in this House is one of the original members, the Honorable JOHN CONYERS . Today, the Congressional Black Caucus has grown to become a fundamental institution within Congress. From voting rights and gun violence to poverty in America and justice reform, the CBC engages on multiple fronts to address the plethora of issues facing our Nation and the world. To date, we have had a string of able leaders chair the CBC, and I am proud to have been one of them from 2001 to 2003. Currently, as cochair of the CBC Technology and Infrastructure Investment Task Force and a member of numerous other CBC task forces, I am 
proud of the progress that we have been able to achieve through our coordination and cooperation with the Members of the Congress, stakeholders, and the community. History has proven that the importance of the CBC endures even today as we face new challenges to voting rights and experience new strife within our communities. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus serves as a key voice in Congress for people of color and vulnerable communities. Together, the CBC and its allies have paved the way for new progress as we face the challenges of the 21st century. Our promise that was first made in 1971 to give the voiceless a voice is continually fulfilled through the CBC’s work, and I look forward to keeping up with our fight to preserve liberty and equal justice for all. We have come from promise to progress. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from the great Lone Star State for her eloquent words and observations and, of course, for her leadership not just in the Congress, but for her past leadership as a distinguished former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. It is now my honor and my privilege to yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from the great State of Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), my classmate, who is one of the most distinguished Members of the House of Representatives. She had an incredible career before she arrived here in the Congress as a leader in the Ohio Legislature, as a successful smallbusiness woman, as a university administrator at The Ohio State University, and in so many other ways, and then, of course, has taken the House of Representatives by storm since her arrival as part of the class of 2012. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, to my colleague, I am so honored to be here tonight speaking in this Chamber and to the American people about the Congressional Black Caucus: 45 years of leadership, from promise to progress. You have heard my distinguished colleague and coanchor of our Special Order hour, Congressman HAKEEM  JEFFRIES , tell and share with us the history of our beginning of the Congressional Black Caucus back on March 30, 1971. We have heard the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas share with us about our members who had the foresight and the vision. What she didn’t tell you was that she was the first African American nurse to be elected and to serve in this Congress. Somewhere along the line, Mr. Speaker, I am sure in our rich history someone made the promise that, in the future, we would have a Shirley Chisholm, the promise that some little girl would be able to come to this Congress and serve, and that became a reality with Shirley Chisholm. I am sure some mother said the promise should be that a woman should lead us as a nurse, and then came Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON . You see, Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus has been committed to advancing equity and access and equal protection under the law for Black Americans. And while we were established March 30, 1971, it was on that day that a Congressman by the name of Charles C. Diggs, Jr., a Democrat from the great State of Michigan, presented the statement to the President of the United States, which included more than 60 recommendations for executive action on issues for Black America and set the foundation for the promise and the progress of African Americans. We heard my distinguished colleague talk about the hopes and the needs and the dreams. Those were the promises. And that is why it is so important for us to come today and talk about the progress that we have made. Even though you will hear us say 1971, when the Congressional Black Caucus was established, we can trace our legislative history back further through the civil rights efforts of the 1960s, which included such landmark victories as the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which we still champion today. Those legislative policy victories of the past demonstrate that when people speak with a singular, powerful voice, Mr. Speaker, we can have a government that works for us; we can fulfill our country’s pledge and promise of liberty and justice for all. It was through that statement that the Congressional Black Caucus began its history of advocacy on behalf of the African American community. Since then, for the last 45 years, the Congressional Black Caucus has been the voice for people of color and atrisk communities in our different districts. We have been and remain committed to utilizing the full constitutional power, statutory authority, and financial resources of the government to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to achieve the promise of the American Dream, Mr. Speaker. From promise to progress gave us the first African American to hold the distinction of dean of this House, the most senior Member of Congress; and the first African American to swear in the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives was Congressional Black Caucus member Congressman JOHNCONYERS . From promise to progress has given us a motivating book, ‘‘Blessed Experiences: Genuinely Southern, Proudly Black,’’ a story of inspirational words on how an African American boy from the Jim Crowera South was able to beat the odds, Mr. Speaker, to achieve great success and become, as President Barack Obama describes him, ‘‘One of a handful of people who, when they speak, the entire Congress listens,’’ assistant Democratic leader and the third highest ranking Democrat in the House of Representatives, Congressman JAMES E. C LYBURN . The 21st president, national president of the largest African American female sorority serves here with us, Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE from the 11th Congressional District of my State. b2030 From promise to progress, Mr. Speaker, has given us the first Black woman elected to Congress from Alabama and the only Democrat in Alabama’s sevenmember congressional delegation. That is Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL . Her first piece of successful legislation recognized the four little girls who tragically lost their lives during the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church. Mr. Speaker, I hope you can see why it is important for us to be here and to talk about the many promises and, more significantly and of greater importance, the progress that we have made. We are one of the largest Member organizations in the United States House of Representatives, making up 23 percent of the House Democratic Caucus and 10 percent of the entire United States House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, when I think of where the Congressional Black Caucus is today, I think of the shoulders that we stand on. Fiftyone years later, I think of Bloody Sunday where on March 7, 1965, some 600 peaceful participants in a voting rights march from Selma, Alabama, to the State capital in Montgomery were violently attacked by Alabama State Troopers with nightsticks, tear gas, whips, and dogs, as they attempted to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge. These brave men and women, Mr. Speaker, were led by civil rights champion, Congressman JOHN LEWIS from the Fifth District of Georgia. What a great example of promise to progress. Last year, I had the distinct honor of joining nearly 300,000 others, including 90 bipartisan lawmakers, distinguished guests, civil rights activists, and former Presidents of these United States as we marched, commemorating the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday over that Edmund Pettus Bridge, marching ourselves from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, from promises to progress. Let me say or remind you again—and I want America to know—there were 90 bipartisan Members. That means Democrats and Republicans. I could say bicameral—Democrat and Republican Senators and Members of this great body that we serve in. Certainly, as we marched and they joined us, they were making a commitment to the progress from those promises that were made 50some years ago. We come here tonight, my colleague and I, representing the Congressional Black Caucus because we want you, Mr. Speaker, and America to know that when we reflect on our history, it is our culture, it is our passion, and it is our reason and resolve for standing here and standing up for the issues and the legislation that we believe in, that we write and we support. We think it is 
important for you to have a better understanding why so often we come here and ask that we join together. Mr. Speaker, when I think of our history, I reflect on names like Frederick Douglass, a historic social reformer and statesman; Shirley Chisholm, as I mentioned earlier, the first African American woman elected to the United States Congress; and, yes, Rosa Parks, the mother of the modern civil rights movement. You see, Rosa Parks embodied courage, and she inspired me as a mentor when she refused to give up her seat on a Montgomery, Alabama, bus to a White passenger on December 1, 1955. Some would say she was tired, but I say to you that she was tired not from her day’s work as a seamstress, but she was tired from the injustices. I have followed her whole career and was so inspired by her that I wrote the first legislation when I served in the Ohio House of Representatives in this country to honor her on that December 1. Every day since then, I go back to the district and we honor her. You see, she sat down against the odds for something she believed in. I have carried that with me over the years, realizing that there could be a day, but never dreaming that it would be here in this Congress that I, too, would be willing to sit down for something that I believed in. Mr. Speaker, there have been so many issues that I have done that because I want us to have the progress from the promises that I make to my district. The progress, whether it is gun safety, whether it is the progress of making sure that every child has enough food when they go to bed, whether it is making sure that there is an affordable college education for every child that is able to go, whether it is making sure that there is equal pay for equal work, those are just a few of the things that I wanted to make sure that we talked about. Mr. Speaker, it is so important for us to tell our story, our history, and our culture. Hopefully, tonight is more than us just talking. Hopefully, tonight will help Members and the public understand our history and our passion. This week, lastly, let me say how honored I am to be in Washington, D.C., when more than 10,000 people will come to our Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Annual Legislative Conference where we will talk about the issues and we will educate emerging leaders and civil rights leaders, not just all individuals of color. There will be individuals of all backgrounds, races, and ethnicities that will join us in our commitment to fulfill those promises on the progress that we would like to have. We will open the National African American Museum. What an honor it will be to see the great achievements and contributions for those who have so courageously pushed the boundaries and moved our country forward in the name of justice and equality. When I think about moving forward, I cannot help but reflect on the 44th President of these United States. Like many of us—and, Mr. Speaker, maybe even like you—he worked his way through school with the help of scholarship money and a student loan. Yet, maybe it was the progress and the promise of progress that a Martin Luther King, Jr., wanted when he said that he hoped his four children would not be judged by the color of their skin, but the content of their character. Maybe that is why a young Barack Obama pushed forward, went back to his community, and worked and gave service, which is the word that he likes to use so much. It was the service back to the movement and to his community in Chicago; that gave us the progress of having our first African American President, a scholar, someone who has had many firsts. So I say to you that it is indeed my honor that I can stand here on this floor with my colleague as we move forward, the progress as we move forward on the promises of our colleagues. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio for laying out both the history of the Congressional Black Caucus as well as documenting what current membership continues to do and breaks new ground here in the House of Representatives on behalf of the people that they are charged to represent in this august body, as well as on behalf of the great Nation that we are all privileged to serve. As Representative BEATTY mentioned, there were 13 individuals who had the vision and the foresight to found the Congressional Black Caucus back in March of 1971. The actual founding took place at a meeting between those 13 Members and President Richard Nixon, where the President was presented, by the newly formed Congressional Black Caucus, a statement of requests, goals, objectives, and demands related to the plight of African Americans here in these United States of America. The Congressional Black Caucus was founded on the premise that it was necessary to speak truth to power, given the unique plight of African Americans in this country. As was mentioned by Representative BEATTY , there are two founding members who still serve in the House of Representatives; Representative JOHN CONYERS from Detroit, Michigan, and, of course, CHARLIE RANGEL , the Lion of Lenox Avenue, the first African American ever to chair the Ways and Means Committee in this institution, a prolific legislator here in the House who has announced earlier this year his intention to retire. I am proud to serve a district that was once represented in part by the Honorable Shirley Chisholm, the first African American woman ever elected to the House of Representatives in a district in Brooklyn in 1968. She came here indicating that she was unbought and unbossed, and that tradition has been continued by people like MAXINE  WATERS , MARCIA FUDGE , JOYCE BEATTY , and so many others who represent their district with passion and with integrity. The question has been asked: Why is there a need for a Congressional Black Caucus? We have come a long way in America. We have made a lot of progress. The 44th President of the United States of America happens to be African American. Why is there a need for a Congressional Black Caucus? That question was asked in 1971, of course. I think it takes an understanding of the unique journey of African Americans in this country to understand why the Congressional Black Caucus was first founded in 1971 and why it still remains relevant today. This country was founded, of course, on highminded principles of liberty and justice for all and the notion that all men are created equally and were endowed with certain inalienable rights by the great democratic republic that was birthed by the Founding Fathers of this Nation. As many have observed, notwithstanding the tremendous nature of the principles embedded in the birth of this country, there was also a genetic defect on the question of race. That genetic defect first took the form, of course, of chattel slavery, which was one of the worst crimes ever perpetrated against humanity, resulting in the loss of tens of millions of individuals killed during the middle passage and the systemic oppression of African Americans, the kidnap, the rape, the enslavement here in the United States of America. This happened at the same time when the country was founded on these great, highminded principles. Of course, the question of slavery was finally resolved with the victory of the North in 1865. The North, of course, was fighting the South in the Confederacy. The Confederacy has been put to rest, although some people still want to uplift the Confederate battle flag. That is an issue for another day. Slavery was put to rest. Then in an effort to correct the defect in our democracy, the 13th Amendment ending and outlawing chattel slavery was passed and added to the Constitution; the 14th Amendment, equal protection under the law; and the 15th Amendment related to the right to vote for African Americans. The socalled reconstruction amendments took place. b2045 But then, thereafter, something interesting happened. We were on the pathway to fulfilling the great promise of a colorblind society in America, but then the North pulled out of the South, the Reconstruction era ended, and it was replaced systematically with a system of Jim Crow, enforced segregation of the races, and the suppression of African Americans largely in the Deep South, notwithstanding the highminded principles that were just embedded 
in the United States Constitution related to the 14th Amendment and the Equal Protection Clause and the 15th Amendment and the right to vote. Those were just words on a piece of paper, as far as many people were concerned in the Deep South who were perpetuating Jim Crow segregation. That Jim Crow segregation, of course, was accompanied by a lynching epidemic that claimed the lives of thousands of individuals, race riots directed at successful African Americans and African American communities, and so many other things that were documented in this country. Why is there a need for a Congressional Black Caucus? The country was founded under these great highminded principles, but, at the same time on this journey, we have gone from slavery, a brief period of Reconstruction, into the Jim Crow era. As Representative JOYCE BEATTY so eloquently documented, in terms of the legislative efforts of African American Members who were here in partnership with people of goodwill of all races, Democrats and Republicans, we passed the 1964 Civil Rights Act here in this Congress endeavoring to end Jim Crow segregation, passed the 1965 Voting Rights Act here in this Congress to try to bring to life the 15th Amendment, largely ignored in many parts of this country, and then of course in 1968 passed the Fair Housing Act. Then an interesting thing happened. You have a President who is elected in the aftermath of the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., the Senator from New York, and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., the great civil rights leader on what he terms a Southern strategy of trying to capitalize on White backlash against the progress that has been made by African Americans. I am trying to figure out what was the nature of the backlash? The progress that was made was a Civil Rights Act to try to deal with the Jim Crow segregation that some people put into place in the aftermath of the end of slavery, and the 1965 Voting Rights Act that was put into place in order to try to bring to life the fact that there were people intentionally ignoring the 15th Amendment to the United States Constitution. Why is there a need for a Congressional Black Caucus? So we moved from slavery into Jim Crow, and that is all dealt with for a brief period in the 1960s in terms of the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act, the Fair Housing Act, but then we enter into this interesting period where Richard Nixon is elected on a strategy that played to the racial fears and anxieties of some in America. I don’t want to get in trouble by putting a percentage onto it, but played into the anxieties and fears of some in America. History often repeats itself. And so the Congressional Black Caucus in 1971 made the decision that they were going to place a list of demands on the table for Richard Nixon to deal with, given this history. Little did they know—or perhaps they suspected—that in that same year what I would call the third defect that America has had to grapple with in terms of the African American community as compared to its highminded aspirations was about to be visited on communities of color, and that was mass incarceration. It was in that year in 1971 where Richard Nixon declared a war on drugs by stating that drug abuse was public enemy number one. At the time in America, there were less than 350,000 people incarcerated in this country. Today, there are more than 2.1 million, the overwhelming majority of whom are Black and Latino. We know that African Americans are consistently incarcerated at levels much higher than others in the United States, notwithstanding a similar level of criminality as it relates to the crime that was committed, the activity that was engaged in, and the conduct that was prosecuted. The disparities are objectively clear. Mass incarceration has been devastating for African American communities all across this country, and it is shameful that America incarcerates more people here in the United States than any other country in the world. We incarcerate more people than Russia and China combined. This overcriminalization is something that I am hopeful we can deal with in this Congress before this President leaves and then continue to work with the next President of the United States of America. So people ask the question: Why do we need a Congressional Black Caucus? We have gone from slavery, a brief interruption with the Reconstruction Amendments into Jim Crow for another 100 years, 14th Amendment and 15th Amendment are ignored in large parts of the country, and then we get an interruption. Some progress was made with the 1964 Civil Rights Act, the 1965 Voting Rights Act, and the 1968 Fair Housing Act. Then we get Richard Nixon. And the Congressional Black Caucus is founded at the same time. For the last 45 years, we have been dealing with mass incarceration. But notwithstanding the intensity of the systematic issues put upon the African American community, we have seen tremendous progress during that same period of time because of Members like William Clay, Sr., a founder from St. Louis, or Louis Stokes from Cleveland, Ohio, and Augustus Hawkins from Los Angeles, people who understood that when Abraham Lincoln asked the question, how do we create a more perfect Union, and he asked that question in the context of the Civil War that was raging at the time, that America is a constant work in progress. And year after year, decade after decade, century after century, we can improve upon who we are, but there is still a lot more that needs to be done. Thankfully, we have seen increases in educational attainment, increases in employment over the last 8 years in the African American community since the height of the Great Recession, and we have seen a return of some of the homeownership that was lost during the recession, but there are still a lot of things that need to be done. And so a Congressional Black Caucus which has grown from the 13 original founding members to 46 members today, 45 in the House of Representatives, 1 of whom is a Republican, and a 46th member who serves in the United States Senate. We stand on the shoulders of these founding members, proud of what has been accomplished like the effort led by Ron Dellums which resulted in legislation to push back against the racist apartheid regime in 1986, a bill that was vetoed by Ronald Reagan, and then overridden by Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate, the first foreign policy bill overridden in the Congress passed by Ron Dellums that led the effort related to South African apartheid. So many issues have been championed by the founding members. JOHN CONYERS held a series of hearings on the issue of police brutality. It is ironic that right now, along with Chairman BOBGOODLATTE , they are leading a bipartisan task force on police community relations to deal with what I view, at least, as an epidemic of police violence directed at unarmed African American men across this country, but JOHNCONYERS was involved in that effort in the early 1970s. And so there is a lot of things that we have been able to work on during this 45year journey. Tremendous progress has been made, despite the efforts to paint the community as overrun by some out there in this country as a thriving Black middle class. A successful group of entrepreneurs, professionals, lawyers, doctors, engineers, scientists, and so many others have shown what can be done based on their promise and their potential despite the obstacles that exist as we move toward a more colorblind society. But we, of course, are not there yet. That is why we are of the view that, despite the fact that we have made tremendous progress in America, we still have a way to go. There is still a need, an urgent need for a Congressional Black Caucus, which has often stood up not just on behalf of African Americans but has stood up on behalf of those who are the least, the lost, and the leftbehind in the United States of America, regardless of color. That is why the Congressional Black Caucus has been known over these four decades as the conscience of the Congress, and it has been an honor and a privilege for me, during my two terms, to serve in this august body. I want to yield for a moment to my colleague, Representative JOYCE  BEATTY , and perhaps ask the question: What are some of the issues that you think are pressing as it relates to the Congressional Black Caucus moving 
forward, and what do you say to critics who make the argument, why is there a need for African Americans in the Congress to get together at this point on behalf of the communities we were elected to represent? Is there still a need for a Congressional Black Caucus in 2016? Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, let me just say thank you to Congressman JEFFRIES for that question. If I think of one of my favorite quotes by Shirley Chisholm, Mr. Speaker, she said: ‘‘You don’t make progress by standing on the sidelines . . . you make progress by implementing ideas.’’ That is what the Congressional Black Caucus does. We don’t just come here on the floor and talk about our rich history. We meet, and we strategize, and we go back home to our districts, and we come back, and we write legislation, so there is definitely a need. And I think it will be witnessed all across this country this week when the thousands of thousands of individuals come here because they will have an opportunity to see Congressman CHARLIERANGEL or Congresswoman M AXINE  WATERS or Congresswoman R OBIN KELLY because of the issues and what they stand for, and that is why there is a need. When I think of our commitment and conviction, Mr. Speaker, I remember when Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY  said: I won’t stand up for moments of silence again until we do something about the shootings and the deaths. She had the courage to walk up to the well and say: I am not being disrespectful, but I want us to really stand for something. So, yes, I want us to have gun safety. I want us to have legislation because we have bipartisan legislation. I want us to bring that to the floor, so I can say in my district, I am standing up for families, I am standing up for safety. b2100 You mentioned prison reform. I want us to look at how we can come together as Democrats and Republicans, Mr. Speaker, and pass some bipartisan legislation. When I think of the Congressional Black Caucus and what we represent, when you add it all up together, we cover some 21 States, the District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands, and we represent some 31 million people. Over half of our Congressional Black Caucus membership are lawyers, people who have studied the laws and understand the procedures and the rules and the regulations. So, yes, there is a need for us to continue the journey. There is a need for us to listen to one another. You see, Mr. Speaker, we don’t come here tonight to just talk about us as 46 members of the Congressional Black Caucus. We come here to leave you with a message and to speak to America to say: Just think of what we could do if we worked together. Just think about when you go back home to your district and you say you want us to be safe and you want us to have equal and fair rights; you talk about wanting your children and families to be healthy and educated. So, you see, we have the same message, it seems, until we come to the floor. That is why we come here tonight with strong messages—because we want to make sure that you understand that we believe that we could work together. This week—again, I will say it repeatedly, because it is so important to us—we will have brain trust sessions, Mr. JEFFRIES , that will talk about how long we have been in this fight for progress for health care, how long we have been in this fight for criminal justice. We will also have workshops like financial literacy and financial services. If we don’t come together to educate our communities and our people, if we don’t come together to share with you, I believe that we won’t be able to understand one another. So the answer is yes and yes: yes, there is a lot of work to continue to be done; and yes, we need to continue to have a Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. JEFFRIES. I mentioned during my remarks that we have been on this journey of the 15th Amendment to the United States Constitution to try to guarantee the right to vote, regardless of race, coming out of the oppression of chattel slavery. And then we moved, Representative BEATTY , from the 15th Amendment to this Jim Crow period and the 1965 Voting Rights Act to try to bring to life what is a fundamental tenet of American democracy, which is the ability of the people to represent those who will represent them in government—government of the people, by the people, and for the people. But yet, as a result of a recent Supreme Court decision, Shelby County v. Holder, the 1965 Voting Rights Act, section 4 and section 5, the preclearance provisions, have been eviscerated because of, in my view, an inappropriate reading of that statute relative to the United States Constitution. So the Congressional Black Caucus continues to fight to uplift for all Americans the ability to participate in our democracy. The shame is that voting in this country seems to have become a partisan issue, notwithstanding the fact that the Voting Rights Act has a great bipartisan tradition. It was passed with the support of Democrats and Republicans because, of course, we know at the time there were Dixiecrats in this Congress—Democrats, by registration, in the Deep South who fought hard against voting rights. So it took Republicans on the other side of the aisle in both the House and the Senate in order to get the legislation passed. It is interesting to me that, every year, the Voting Rights Act was reauthorized. Four times it was signed back into law by a Republican President: in 1970, Richard Nixon; 1975, Gerald Ford; 1982, Ronald Reagan; 2006, George W. Bush. So when we come to the floor of the House of Representatives or when I sit on the Judiciary Committee or we work with JOHNLEWIS and J OHNCONYERS and T ERRI SEWELL and J IMCLYBURN and others to try to move voting rights legislation forward, we are just saying: return to the great bipartisan tradition of making sure that every single American in this country has an opportunity to participate in the right to vote. Until that happens, the Congressional Black Caucus has an urgent issue that we need to deal with for the communities that we represent in African American or Latino neighborhoods and for all Americans. The other thing I will point out and ask my colleague to perhaps react to is that what I found fascinating here in terms of common ground, the opportunity to uplift everyone through the mission and the work of the Congressional Black Caucus, is the fact that when you look at persistently poor counties in America, counties that will be defined as 20 percent or more of the population living below the poverty line for 30 or more years, persistently poor counties, a majority of those counties are represented by Republicans in the House of Representatives and not by Democrats. So when JIMCLYBURN , for instance, presents things like 10–20–30, a funding formula where 10 percent of any funding allocation will be given to communities where 20 percent or more of that county has been living below the poverty line for 30 or more years, it would actually benefit Republicanrepresented counties more than it would Democratrepresented counties. This is because the Congressional Black Caucus really is interested in uplifting the plight of all Americans who have been left behind. We are hoping that we can find some bipartisan cooperation in that area as well. I yield to Representative JOYCE  BEATTY . Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Congressman JEFFRIES , for mentioning 10–20–30. You are absolutely right that it would benefit Republican districts and their constituents more than many of our constituents. But I think that is because, when we think of poverty, we think of children and families living in poverty, not Democrats, not Republicans. Our mission here, Mr. Speaker, is to make this place a better place through our legislation for everyone. So I think that is just one example. You mentioned a lot about our history and how far we have come and the roles of other Presidents. I think it is important, Mr. Speaker, for us to also share that we come here tonight almost with a proposition to say to you: We want to work with you on those issues that we have highlighted. So often when we come here, we will hear colleagues say ‘‘We can’t work together,’’ ‘‘We don’t work together,’’ or, ‘‘Why don’t you just come and work with us?’’ I don’t want us to leave tonight without leaving the message that 
we have a lot of work that still needs to be done. I can remember reading back in 1971, Congressman JEFFRIES , when Richard Nixon was giving his first inaugural address, he refused to meet with the members of the Congressional Black Caucus. They stood up for something. They left the floor and did not stay for his address to the Nation. I say that with mixed feelings, but I say that to make the point of how strongly we believe in what we do. You mentioned the 10–20–30 plan. We had Speaker RYAN come to the Congressional Black Caucus and hear the plan, to get a commitment from him. He represents all of us; and he gave us the nod, as you will remember, on that plan. So I say tonight, let us reflect on all the things that my colleague and the coanchor of this Special Order hour said, because that is what it is. It is our hour to address you, Mr. Speaker, and the Nation about so many of the issues that we want to make sure that, when we leave here, we are not leaving with just promises, but we are leaving with progress. Mr. JEFFRIES. Thank you for those very thoughtful observations. Perhaps I will end by talking for a moment or so about the progress that we have made under a former member of the Congressional Black Caucus who was a Senator from Illinois and here in the Capitol for a few years before he was elected to be the 44th President of the United States of America. We are proud that he came through the CBC on his way to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Upon his election, there was the view that perhaps we were entering into a phase of a postracial society. I think we understand that that was probably irrationally optimistic of those who made that observation because of the long history that we detailed here of what the African American journey has been in America. But I find it interesting that so many people, to this day, refuse to give this President credit for the progress that has been made under his watch over the last 8 years. There have been more than 75 or so consecutive months of private sector job creation under this President. More than 14 million private sector jobs have been created under this President. Parenthetically, I make the observation that, under the 8 years of George Bush, the country lost 650,000 jobs. But we are going to talk about a sluggish recovery. We lost 650,000 jobs under supplyside economic policies of George W. Bush. We have gained more than 14 million jobs under progressive policies of Barack Obama. The deficit has been reduced by over $500 million. When the President came in, the stock market was at 6,000; now it is over 18,000. Of course, more than 20 million previously uninsured Americans now have health coverage under the Presidency of Barack Obama. So he came in with a lot of promises, and I am proud that there has been tremendous progress that has been made for the United States of America as a whole, and certainly for African American communities. As the President himself observed, the problems that we have to confront in America won’t be resolved by one President during one term or even during an entire tenure, because we are on this long, necessary, and majestic march toward a more perfect Union. The hope is that, each time a President steps up and Congress is there to represent the will of the people, working on behalf of our constituents, we can make meaningful progress on dealing with the economic and social justice issues of the day. Fundamentally, that is what the Congressional Black Caucus is all about. That was the vision that was put forth by those 13 Founders: speaking truth to power, representing the interests of the African American communities they were elected to serve— and everyone else—regardless of race, who is entitled to the fiercest possible representation in this democracy. b2115 So it is with great pride that Representative BEATTY and I stand here today, as members of the Congressional Black Caucus, standing on the shoulders of those 13 founding members, under the current leadership of Representative G.K. BUTTERFIELD from North Carolina, representing this continuum of the African American journey, both here in Congress and in this great country; confident that, despite the obstacles that will consistently be erected that, as we have demonstrated over time during 45 years, we will make progress, we will translate promise into action, and we will continue the journey of perfecting a more perfect union in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, as a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, I believe that the week of our Annual Legislative Conference is an appropriate time to reflect on the progress we have made as a group and the challenges we face in articulating a vision for a more free and fair America. When 13 of us first gathered in 1969 as a ‘‘Democratic Select Committee,’’ we had ambitions of using our collective voices to advance a political agenda for black America in response to expected retrenchment from the incoming Nixon administration. Two years later, on the motion of Rep. Charlie Rangel, we became the Congressional Black Caucus. In that time, the Caucus has gone from being on Nixon’s ‘‘original enemies list’’ to the conscience of the Congress. Our membership has grown from 13 to 46 and our alumnae include numerous cabinet members and a President of the United States. In looking back 45 years, the Caucus can point to many victories in the areas of voting rights, economic empowerment, education and healthcare. These victories were not just for black Americans, but all Americans in search of justice and equality before the law. However, in reflecting on the history of the Caucus, we must be honest about the uneven nature of politics. Many of the challenges we faced in 1971 still burden the AfricanAmerican community today. Black Americans are still disproportionately poor, undereducated, unemployed and incarcerated. Daily we confront the political challenges of how to ensure that the rising economic tide lifts the boats in our communities. The more surprising challenge faced by the Caucus is mounted by those who would turn back the clock on some of our hardest won victories: namely those who would suppress our voting rights as a means of defeating a progressive agenda for equality. We beware of those who want to make ‘‘America great again,’’ harkening back to a past where Jim Crow and discrimination ruled the day. This politics of division is one of our main challenges as a Caucus. Our nation once again finds itself at odds over the issue of race relations, most clearly illustrated by the issue of police accountability. A recent ABC poll found that a majority of Americans surveyed believed that race relations are bad and getting worse. With the election of the first AfricanAmerican President, this is clearly not what we hoped for in this new millennium. As the former Chairman and now Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee, I have dedicated my career to 3 goals to jobs, justice and peace. After decades of community complaints about police brutality, I chaired hearings in Los Angeles, New York City, and even Dallas which built the record for passage of marquee legislation like the 1994 ‘‘Pattern and Practice’’ statute, which gives the Department of Justice the authority to investigate law enforcement discrimination and abuse in cities like Ferguson and Baltimore. The loss of lives in Baton Rouge, suburban St. Paul and Dallas, has left the nation in shock, as seemingly every day the media brings us news of violence borne of hate and intolerance. Modern technology and the advent of social media have made us all witnesses, just like the marches in Selma and Birmingham, making it impossible to dismiss them as fiction or some else’s problem. We live these injustices first hand. Vivid images of police abuse galvanized our national resolve to pass civil rights legislation, like the Voting Rights Act, and is putting all politicians on notice that simmering community unrest with the police has reached a turning point. Today, we represent communities that are increasingly unified, unafraid, and unwilling to wait. We have a growing coalition of allies. Some white, some Hispanic, some Asian, and some who serve as police and who want their badges to mean something more. The daily reminders of injustice have forced us to measure the distance between Dr. Kings’ Dream and our own reality—but they also give us the resolve to close it for good. Last year, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing on 21st Century Policing Strategies to begin addressing these issues at the Federal level. I also reintroduced both the End Racial Profiling Act and the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act around the same time. The Republican Chairman of the Judiciary Committee and I are currently negotiating a version of the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act and during the August recess, we joined together to form a bipartisan Congressional 
working group—including three Caucus members—with a focus on finding common ground between police and the communities they are sworn to protect and serve. The profound support for criminal justice reform I have seen from Members of the CBC and all sides of the political spectrum from across our country is something we need to build upon. It’s not the only solution, but one of them. As a Caucus, our work is far from done. We can’t bring back Alton Sterling, Philando Castile, Tamir Rice, Eric Garner, or the hundreds of black men and women who’ve lost their lives to excessive force. And we can’t bring back the officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge or others who’ve been killed while protecting their communities. But at a time when we face so much that challenges our faith and tries to break our spirit, we must dedicate ourselves in our 45th year to engaging the difficult issues to make lasting change in our communities. History shows that Members of the Congressional Black Caucus have overcome great challenges. Now we have within us and beside us, an intentionally peaceful and unified community that is now better able to confront today’s challenges than ever before. 
A STEP BACKWARDS IN RACE RELATIONS AT CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to appear here on the House floor, especially following colleagues giving an important address. I was saddened to see what seemed, in fact, to be a huge step backwards in racial relations. ‘‘California State University Debuts Segregated Housing for Black Students.’’ ‘‘California State University Los Angeles recently debuted segregated housing for Black students, a move intended to protect them from ‘microaggressions,’ according to the College Fix. ‘‘Last year, Cal State L.A.’s Black Student Union wrote a letter to the university’s president outlining a series of demands, including the ‘creation and financial support of a CSLA housing space delegated for Black students and a full time Resident Director who can cater to the needs of Black students.’ ‘‘‘Many Black CSLA students cannot afford to live in Alhambra or the surrounding area with the high prices of rent. A CSLA housing space delegated for Black students would provide a cheaper alternative housing solution for Black students. This space would also serve as a safe space for Black CSLA students to congregate, connect and learn from each other,’ the letter stated. Anyway, ‘‘Robert Lopez, a spokesman for the university, confirmed to The College Fix that students’ demand for housing specifically for Black students had been met, saying that the school’s new Halisi Scholars Black LivingLearning Community ‘focuses on academic excellence and learning experiences that are inclusive and nondiscriminatory.’ That seems to be a bit of anathema. But anyway, ‘‘Lopez said the Black student housing is within the existing residential complex on campus. ‘‘The College Fix noted that other universities, including the University of California, Davis; the University of California, Berkeley; and University of Connecticut offer similar housing arrangements.’’ It just seems like we are going backwards with that kind of thing. I heard my colleagues mention the great dream—part of the great dream of Martin Luther King, Jr., a Christian, ordained Christian minister. As I have heard a Black minister explain recently, he was, first and foremost, above all a Christian minister. His belief in the Bible and his belief in Jesus Christ as a Savior was his guiding force, which brought him to the place that Jesus brought his disciples to, and that the Apostle Paul was brought to rather abruptly, and that is, Jesus did not discriminate against anyone and that we, who believe, as Christians, should follow those teachings and treat people equally, regardless of skin color. And that would help fulfill that part of Dr. King’s dream, that people would be judged by the content of their character and not the color of their skin. However, California has digressed, regressed to the point where no longer are they making progress toward racial harmony. They are going the other direction, saying that what we need is to segregate, like that great Democrat, George Wallace believed. So it is unbelievable. We have supposed liberals in California not pursuing the dream of Dr. King, where people would be judged by the content of their character rather than the color of their skin; but we have these California universities that are now fulfilling the dream of the Democratic Party candidate, George Wallace, who felt like segregation in all things was the far better way to go. So congratulations to the University of California System for helping fulfill the dream of George Wallace. What a wonderful combination we have. Not a progressive, as they might claim the name, but of regressives who are going back and claiming the dream, not of Dr. King, but of Democrat Party activist, George Wallace. Congratulations. You make a great pair, California University System, and George Wallace’s dream. Wow. 
Mr. GOHMERT. We also have had mention tonight of efforts toward what some call sentencing reform. I was honored back in 2007 to get a call from a man that I think the world of, former Attorney General Ed Meese. Apparently he had heard of my concerns about some of the Federal criminal laws that needed to be changed; that we had too many people in America who were being harassed and their lives or their families destroyed by Federal criminal law that allowed people to be prosecuted for violating, not a law that Congress had passed, but some regulation that some cubicleholder had decided would be a good thing to do. Unelected bureaucrats in Washington decided we will make this a regulation, and since Congress passed a law saying you have to follow all the laws and rules regarding this issue, we fall under the rules and regulations; therefore, they can go to prison for failing to do what we, as unelected bureaucrats in Washington, decided that someone somewhere we have never been must do. So I was greatly in favor and encouraged to hear of the interest from the Heritage Foundation, former Attorney General Ed Meese, to pursue criminal justice reform. We have had difficulty moving that forward, and I greatly appreciate the leadership of Judiciary Committee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE . We have been able to get through some criminal justice reforms that I have been hoping to see passed since 2007. At times we made strange bedfellows, politically speaking, I guess, when we had Ed Meese and others from the Heritage Foundation, along with leaders from the ACLU, who had similar concerns that we did, and we were coming together to try to correct great injustices within the criminal justice laws. Unfortunately, the President, probably inspired by mentors like George Soros, they see that before criminal justice reform could be passed, at least contemporaneously, you have to pass sentencing reform. The Obama administration wants that to be a major part of the Obama legacy. And when you see how many people are being completely failed and harmed by ObamaCare, I can certainly understand why President Obama would rather have his legacy be that of something in the criminal justice area rather than ObamaCare. Without—and I have to say, this has certainly damaged in a bipartisan fashion people across America. There are people who have been helped by having government pay a good part of their health care. You look at the bottom line, especially, from the people I have heard from all over east Texas, we have vast numbers complaining they have lost their insurance they liked. They lost the doctor that was keeping them healthy or had gotten them cured, and now they were back in trouble. They lost the doctor or the insurance company, they lost the hospital they wanted to go to, all because of that around 2500page monstrosity that is normally referred to as ObamaCare. It is easier to call it ObamaCare than the Affordable Care Act because it is not affordable. It has cost some people everything. 
So we have heard from people. They are clamoring for a change. Isn’t there some way to let us get back the insurance we had before 2010, when the President and every Democrat, without a single Republican vote, rammed through, against the majority will of the American public, this monstrosity where the government took over their healthcare insurance, dictated requirements that would put many out of business, dictated requirements of doctors that have caused many to retire, as they have advised me? And I continue to hear, and we continue to lose hospitals especially in rural areas. b2130 But when you hear uncaring, big city folks say, ‘‘We don’t really care. Just tell them to move to the city,’’ really? What? Like Chicago, where their chances of being murdered go up astronomically from where they are living now, where their standard of living can’t possibly be where it is now? Do you despise these people so much and what many consider flyover territory that you would want to sentence them to such brutality? How about if we just let America be free again and we follow what so many have talked about? It is why I had the bill drafted back in 2009. CBO Director Elmendorf, no matter what he asked, I complied, and they still refused to ever score my bill. Newt Gingrich had said back in early 2009: If you can just get this in bill form and get it scored, they won’t have a chance of passing ObamaCare; this will be too good. Because it appeared that the best numbers we could get back from 2008, it may well be cheaper to offer seniors: Okay, you want Medicare? You can have it. On the other hand, if you would like the very best health insurance policy that money can buy, we will buy it for you, but we will go ahead and set a high deductible. Back then, we were talking $5,000 or so. Maybe today it would be $7,500 or $10,000. We will have a high deductible, but above that deductible. You will have the best insurance money can buy, Mr. or Ms. Senior. To cover the deductible, we will give you a health savings account. We will put the cash in there. I made this proposal to a couple of folks that I had invited to come out and listen to the proposal from AARP. Since they cared about retired folks, I figured they will love this because this is going to be so good for retired people. They will never have to buy another wraparound or supplemental policy again. This is going to be unbelievable. So for Medicare and Medicaid, this will be fantastic, and we will give each one of them a health savings account debit card, and it will be coded only. Newt Gingrich was very helpful. He sent out some folks to meet with me that knew all about the different issues and encouraged some different things to be in the bill we got in there. Anyway, this was going to be great for seniors. I was shocked when AARP folks said: We will have to get back with you because we are not sure. I said: How could you not be sure? You care about retired people. My motherinlaw and fatherinlaw at the time were struggling to pay for a supplemental policy. This will be fantastic. I was so naive. I didn’t know that AARP was making hundreds of millions of dollars clear profit for a nonprofit off selling the sale of supplemental health insurance. So, naturally, they couldn’t sign on to that bill. It was going to be so good for seniors that AARP would never be making those hundreds of millions and billions of dollars that they would be able to make under ObamaCare. Of course, they signed on to ObamaCare. It was in their monetary best interest, just like it has been in the Clintons’ best interests to have Secretary Clinton have a husband out there raking in the money while providing access to those who may have wanted a favor in the administration. Access was the favor. So we have had people across America so shocked. Money, as we were told, is not the root of all evil, but the love of money is a root of all evil—not necessarily ‘‘the,’’ but ‘‘a’’ root of evil. When we see what has happened to people’s health care all over money and power and we see what has happened to the greed of entities that were just supposed to help the seniors, just supposed to help those less fortunate, well, they are making a fortune. When we look at what has happened to health care, the hospitals out of business, the doctors retired, people that can’t get the help they used to have, it is heartbreaking to those who are actually paying attention. In the meantime, we have an investigation by the FBI into all this money, tens of millions—hundreds of millions—of dollars flowing into the Clinton Foundation. When people heard FBI Director James Comey stand up and basically spell out a laydown case against Hillary Clinton for violating the law that ultimately came to the conclusion that there is nothing behind this curtain, so no good prosecutor would consider prosecuting this case, he failed to talk to good prosecutors who were prosecuting cases in which they had much less to go on than what had already been admitted. I was shocked when we heard that Hillary Clinton was going to be interviewed for 3 hours. Some people expected the FBI to give a statement opinion about the case the next week. I said that that won’t happen because traditionally the FBI would get that statement, they would review sentence by sentence to see if there was anything that was false that was provided to them, and if she had a 3hour interview, it will take time to go sentence by sentence through what she said. There is no way they are coming back that next week. Little did I know that—you know, you are left with the impression, what happened out there on the tarmac when this clandestine meeting between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton met, it was before the statement was made. And as I pointed out, basically even to the Attorney General, it makes it look like that when President Clinton and Attorney General Lynch got together it was: Look, just tell your wife all we have got to do is check the box. We had a lengthy period of questioning. We won’t even put her under oath. We won’t even record it, so there is no way we can really effectively prosecute her because we won’t have an accurate statement of what she said. Just tell her to come in. We will check the box. We can come out a few days later and announce there is nothing here, look the other way. It sounded like a wink and nod: Oh, by the way, Hillary says she would like to keep you on as Attorney General. Great. Let’s get her in and get the statement so we can drop the case. That is basically what sounds like happened because of the way it unfolded. That is not the way the FBI normally works. There are so many incredible criminal investigators in our FBI despite all the good ones that Director Mueller ran off because he wanted new investigators—not any of the people that had been around and had wisdom and experience, but the new ones. They are there for proper reasons. They want to see justice done. And so people were shocked when the announcement came, hey, they laid out the elements of the case. Obviously, it sounded like they were proven. And then it says, so no good prosecutor, in effect, would pursue this. There was no evidence of intent when somebody has a software program that is actually purchased with the sole purpose of destroying any way to get back to the emails that, now, it appears, were destroyed after they were requested, after they were subpoenaed, and after they were being sought. So, obviously, that is a laydown case for intent right there. Then we find out that phones were bashed perhaps with a hammer. Maybe if you were in some area of the country trying to prosecute where people are just going to acquit no matter what happens, okay, maybe, yeah, a prosecutor there might not pursue, but in most of this Godblessed country, if you show somebody that there was actual destruction with a hammer of cellphones to prevent anybody from ever finding out what was on there, you show them that software was actually purchased that would completely bleach and destroy any ability to go back and get those emails, most normal people would have no problem whatsoever finding an intent to deceive there and have no problem finding lies that were made. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GUTHRIE (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and September 13 on account of family obligations. Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. ROSS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of flight delays. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2040. An act to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, September 13, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, MATTHEW B. KELLOGG, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 24 AND JULY 2, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, MATTHEW B. KELLOGG, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 24 AND JULY 2, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. MATTHEW B. KELLOGG, July 19, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TUNISIA, KENYA, AND SENEGAL, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 24 AND JUL Y 1, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. VERN BUCHANAN, July 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE NETHERLANDS, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 25 AND JUNE 28, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MARIO DIAZBALART, July 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1  AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1  AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continu ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, July 22, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. HAROLD ROGERS, Chairman, August 1, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continu ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERY, Chairman, August 16, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Traveler departed trip stateside due to a death in the family. Post was unable to cancel hotel rooms in Manila and Sydney. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, July 14, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, July 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continu ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, July 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN AP R. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN AP R. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continu ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. *Indicates Delegation Costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, July 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Airfare inclusive of multiple legs of trip. HON. MICHAEL T. McCaul, Chairman, July 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, July 22, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, July 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, July 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, July 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, July 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, July 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, July 22, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, July 18, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 A ND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 A ND JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, July 27, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 921 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4979 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 5992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Constitution. By Mr. ASHFORD: H.R. 5993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 5994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following. Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 5996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . provide the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 5998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming and disciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5999. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 213: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Ms. LEE. H.R. 265: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 565: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 605: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 664: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 672: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 793: Mr. DENT. H.R. 921: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 969: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 1025: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 1061: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1062: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 1076: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1220: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1292: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1453: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1516: Ms. JUDYCHUOf California. H.R. 1559: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 1594: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1674: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1866: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1877: Mr. YODER . H.R. 1942: Ms. ADAMS and Mr. B ECERRA . H.R. 2058: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2096: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2102: Mr. HINES. H.R. 2169: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2368: Mr. HOYER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 2513: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 2519: Mr. YODER . H.R. 2530: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2759: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2799: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2902: Mr. HOYER . H.R. 2903: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 2944: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 2962: Mr. BECERRA . H.R. 2972: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 3051: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3084: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3187: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 3235: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3276: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3277: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3438: Mr. DUFFY , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala bama, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. POSEY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. Abraham. H.R. 3512: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3588: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 3693: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 3742: Mr. BLUM, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 3765: Mr. BARR. H.R. 3849: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 3957: Mr. VELA. H.R. 4137: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4151: Mr. KATKO and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 4212: Mr. PAULSEN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4333: Mr. ISRAEL and Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4365: Mr. DENT. H.R. 4514: Mr. CLAY, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4626: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia, Mr. BLUM, and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 4657: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 4681: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4695: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4715: Mr. HANNA and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4773: Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 4784: Mr. HIGGINS and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 4829: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 4893: Mr. CONNOLLY and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 4919: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 4927: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4928: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 5002: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5015: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 5067: Ms. ADAMS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 5073: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 5083: Mr. JONES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. HECKof Nevada, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. E LLISON. H.R. 5187: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 5219: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5271: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 5321: Mr. AMASH . H.R. 5350: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5351: Mr. SANFORD , Mr. Y OUNG of Indi ana, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. POMPEO , and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 5455: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 5488: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5499: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 5506: Mr. CRAMER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 5513: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 5589: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 5601: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 5619: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 5620: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 5621: Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5675: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5682: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5689: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5691: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 5720: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5732: Mr. DIAZBALART , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 5813: Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 5859: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 5862: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5883: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. R OONEY  of Florida. H.R. 5904: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 5931: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. ROSS, and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 5941: Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 5942: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. MULLIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 5948: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5958: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mrs. RADEWAGEN , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 5970: Mrs. WAGNER and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 5980: Mrs. LOVE, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. DUCKWORTH , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5987: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. LAHOOD. H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. FLEMING . H. Con. Res. 114: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. ROUZER . H. Con. Res. 146: Mr. ROKITA . H. Con. Res. 149: Mr. HANNA , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. MCKINLEY . H. Res. 28: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mrs. WALORSKI . H. Res. 265: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H. Res. 296: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 424: Mr. SANFORD . H. Res. 667: Mr. KENNEDY . H. Res. 729: Mr. HONDA , Mr. H ECKof Wash ington, Mr. BOUSTANY , and Mr. T URNER . H. Res. 750: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 782: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mrs. BEATTY . H. Res. 798: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 807: Mr. GALLEGO . H. Res. 808: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 813: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H. Res. 831: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. L AHOOD. H. Res. 840: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 850: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. Y ODER . H. Res. 852: Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. TURNER . H. Res. 853: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. COOK, and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative MILLER , or a designee, to H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5487 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 No. 137 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JAMES  LANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, Ruler of all nations, show our lawmakers clearly what their duty is and strengthen them to be faithful in doing it. May they do even the small duties in a way that will glorify You, transforming common tasks into acts of worship. May they fear only to be disloyal to the highest and best they know, never betraying those who trust them. Help them to meet today’s joys with gratitude, its difficulties with fortitude, and its duties with fidelity. Bring them to this evening unashamed and with peaceful hearts. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 