IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 6, 2016 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Infertility Awareness Week, which ran from April 24–30. The CDC recognizes infertility as the inability to get pregnant after one year of trying. It affects both men and women, and there are a variety of causes. Resolve, the National Infertility Association, estimates that it affects approximately 10 percent of the population. For couples dealing with infertility, there are a number of options. They can choose to adopt, or try to conceive through lUI, medications, or assisted reproductive technology like in vitro fertilization (IVF). Although none of these methods is guaranteed, improvements to technologies and treatments in recent years have increased the likelihood of successful therapy. Not all families have access to this technology. Under present law, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is expressly prohibited from covering IVF for women and men who have served our country in uniform. This is especially galling considering that many of these veterans are facing infertility as a result of injuries incurred during their service. That is why Senator MURRAY and I introduced the Women Veterans and Families Health Services Act— to repeal this outdated policy and specifically authorize provision of fertility treatment. Our bill also provides other important resources to military families, including cryopreservation of gametes and adoption assistance. As we recognize National Infertility Awareness Week, it is my sincere hope that we not lose sight of Americans experiencing infertility. And it is long past time that Congress authorizes VA to cover fertility treatments, including IVF to wounded veterans, so they can achieve their dreams of starting families. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 6, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 108th observance of Mother’s Day. As a mother of two children myself, I understand the hardships and difficulties that so many mothers face every day in our country. We honor ourselves and mothers in the United States when we revere and emphasize the importance of the role of home and family as the true foundation of the Nation. I want to pay tribute to my late mother, Ivalita Jackson, who stood the test of time in raising and rearing her children. To the mothers of Houston, too many to name here, I salute you for your dedication to raising and saving your children. Today, thousands of mothers in this country have become active and effective participants in public life and public service, promoting change and improving the quality of life for men, women, and children throughout the Nation. Mothers continue to rise to the challenge of raising their families with love, understanding and compassion, all while overcoming the challenges of modern society. I want to congratulate and praise all of the mothers in America for all of their hard work. Mothers have a huge influence on our everyday lives; as William Ross Wallace’s famous poem reminds us: ‘‘the hand that rocks the cradle is the hand that rules the world.’’ It is in the same breath that I commend all mothers, including those giving birth to infants who will take their first breath and suckle first from mothers behind prison bars. These infants’ lives are just as valuable as those of any young Americans upon whom we will come to rely on, in building the next great generation. According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the infants of mothers across the nation die at a rate of 5.96 deaths per 1,000 births. Those deaths increase to a devastating 7.9 infant deaths per 1,000 live births for Hispanic mothers when they are incarcerated, and an appalling 14.3 infant deaths per 1,000 live births among African American mothers behind bars. Other studies have documented that incarceration of mothers elevates the risk of their children dying by 29.6% for the average infant, concentrating effects during the postneonatal period. If these mothers’ children are to grow strong and resilient, we must ensure that they have access to the nourishment and sustenance that only their mothers can provide, body and soul, in order to sustain their formidable futures for which we, alongside their mothers, hope and pray. Cognizant of the dangerous phenomenon affecting these mothers and snipping at the heels of the life to which they give young Americans, I recently introduced H.R. 5130 the, ‘‘Stop Infant Mortality and Recidivism Reduction Act of 2016,’’ or the ‘‘SIMARRA Act,’’ to expand healthcare and wellness services in Critical Stage Development Nurseries for infants and their motherinmates. H.R. 5130 allows infants, born to female inmates in federal prisons, to remain with their mothers in specialized housing units during the critical stages of their development in efforts to reduce infant mortality amongst this population, and to reduce recidivism rates amongst their mothers once they have completed their sentences. Many of these motherinmates selfreport being born themselves to mothers in prison; but instead of retaining necessary physiological and psychological bonds with their mothers, many were wrenched apart and placed in the fledgling fostercare system. Eleven percent of those children separated from incarcerated mothers and placed into foster care experienced at least two changes in caregivers during the period of the mother’s incarceration; and sometimes these mothers, even when they have short prison sentences, never see their child again—forever lost to the fostercare system. As a mother, I cannot imagine being unable to contribute to the sustainability of my child’s life and wellness. This practice is devastating the wellbeing and safety of America’s infants, denying them the ability to lactate, bond and thrive with their mothers, as healthy infants require during the critical stage of development. Just as we commemorate Mother’s Day, it is time that our nation recognizes a longpersistent need to break the cycle of generational, institutional incarceration amongst mothers convicted of nonviolent crimes and the children they birth behind prison bars. H.R. 5130, the, ‘‘SIMARRA Act of 2016,’’ gives those infants born to incarcerated mothers a chance to succeed in life. 
‘‘SIMARRA’’ is not merely yet another second chance program, demanding leniency from the criminal justice system for repentant mothers. Instead, H.R. 5130 asks our national criminal justice system what it can do for those mothers’ children—young Americans born and relegated to a life of nearly impossible odds of survival. ‘‘SIMARRA’’ provides that first chance—a first chance for American infants—that many of their mothers, born themselves to mothers behind bars, never received. We have a unique opportunity to nurture infants by uniting them with their mothers through the ‘‘SIMARRA Act of 2016,’’ better preparing them to endure the harsh realities of this world. Further, H.R. 5130 simultaneously implements risk and needs assessments, risk reduction incentives, and risk and recidivism reduction programs to address the healthcare, safety and rehabilitative needs of newmother inmates while they serve their sentence. The most likely longterm mechanism through which imprisonment affects infant mortality is through its effects on maternal health. Mothers are fighting to keep their children alive and we, as guardians, have an opportunity to say that the buck stops here when it comes to the next generation—any sins that the mother may have committed need not be visited upon her child. Mr. Speaker, as a nation we do not have a person to waste, so we must embrace practices that nurture the bonds between mother and child. In observance of May 8, 2016, we will honor mothers, grandmothers, mothersinlaw, stepmothers, foster mothers and godmothers who take in children, mothers who adopt, those who act as mothers, and those women who have no relations by blood, but who give the gift of mothering to children. In hindsight, we can never thank our mothers enough for all the sacrifices they have made for us. Thus, in our reflection, let us include the children of all mothers regardless of the circumstances under which they came to walk the Earth. I wish every mother a safe and happy Mother’s Day this Sunday and hope to echo the message that we value your contributions and will safeguard your efforts because they benefit us all. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 6, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Polish Constitution Day on May 3, 2016 and the Polish Constitution Day Parade in my hometown of Chicago on May 7, 2016. On May 3, 1791, Poland ratified the first democratic constitution of its kind in Europe. The document laid the groundwork for a constitutional monarchy and, eventually, the spread of democracy in the region. The Polish Constitution Day Parade is a longstanding Chicago tradition. The Parade brings together nearly 100,000 people for festivities that include floats, folk dancing, and polka bands. This year marks the 125th anniversary of the Parade, which recognizes Chicago’s vibrant Polish American community. Polish Americans make up over 7 percent of Chicago’s population and have made notable contributions to the arts, academics and even politics. In fact, Chicagoland has the largest Polish community outside of Poland and is home to many organizations that celebrate Polish culture and heritage, including the Polish Women’s Alliance of America based in my district. Ada Ezlakowska will serve as this year’s Queen of the Parade, and Jan Krawiec will be Grand Marshal. Mr. Krawiec is a 96yearold Holocaust survivor who fought in the Polish Resistance during World War II and helped run the underground press. He moved to Chicago after being tortured by the Gestapo and detained at AuschwitzBirkenau and Buchenwald. He attended Loyola University in my district and travelled to the U.S.S.R. with President Nixon. I am proud that he will be honored on Saturday. The United States and Poland share a deep bond. We need to strengthen that relationship by increasing opportunities for travel and cultural exchange. I am proud to support Poland’s proposed inclusion in the Visa Waiver Program. This would promote shortterm travel between our countries, encouraging cultural and political ties as well as easing travel for families with members in both countries. Polish Constitution Day is a time to celebrate our Polish American community. I congratulate Chicago on 125 years of marking this special occasion. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 6, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, to recognize the holiday of Cinco de Mayo commemorating the victory of the Mexican Army 1862 over France at the Battle of Puebla during the FrancoMexican War. The fifth day of May, or Cinco de Mayo, is a special day because it represents the importance of freedom, liberty and determination for the people of Mexico and for MexicanAmericans. It was on that day, May 5, 1862, that untrained, outnumbered, and outgunned Mexican forces—determined to protect their land—successfully defended the town of Puebla against the French. The quest for an independent Mexico started on September 16, 1810, when the people of Mexico, following the will to become a free nation, refused to submit to Spanish rule. The struggle went on for 10 years. Finally, in 1821, the first independent Mexican government was established. But being an independent nation was not easy. Over the years, Mexico received economic support from several nations, France and England among them. Later on, even Spain supported the new country. Thus, Mexico became heavily indebted to foreign powers. Due to ongoing political unrest caused by many groups struggling for power, Mexico was not able to pay back the loans. On July 17, 1861, President Benito Juarez issued a moratorium in which allforeign debt payments would be suspended for a period of two years, with the promise that after this period, payments would resume. 
In 1862, France, Spain, and England dispatched their fleets to Mexican shores pursuing not only money but also land an rights as payment for their loans. A government representative greeted them and explained that Mexico acknowledge its debts, but had no funds to pay them. They were offered payment warrants in exchange. The Spaniards and the British decided to accept the warrants and withdrew from the scene. But the French government’s representative did not accept the offer and ordered his troops to invade the country and head toward Mexico City, the nation’s capital. They had to cross through the state of Puebla to get to the capital. Mexican President Benito Juarez, reacted immediately and prepared the defense. He commanded Ignacio Zaragoza, a young and brave General, to fortify the City of Puebla and repel the French invaders. The battle was by no means even. France, under Louis Napoleon’s rule, had the most world’s powerful army, and sent more than six thousand men to invade Mexico. But the courage and the love of freedom impelled the Mexican people to fight back. General Ignacio Zaragoza led 5,000 ill equipped Mestizo and Zapotec Indians called Zacapoaxtlas. On the 5th of May 1862, the forts of Loreto and Guadalupe, in the city of Puebla, became the scene of the historical defeat of the great European army. Against overwhelming odds, they managed to drive back the French army, achieving a total victory over soldiers deemed among the best trained and equipped in the world and embarking on the end of the European domination in America. For Mexico, this day has come to represent a symbol of Mexican unity and patriotism in the history of Mexico. In our country, Cinco de Mayo is also a celebration of the rich cultural heritage Mexican Americans have brought to the United States. Hispanics are the fastestgrowing minority group in the United States. According to the most recent data available, the estimated Hispanic population in the U.S. is 42.7 million—constituting 14 percent of our nation’s population. Hispanics now own a record number of small businesses—1.6 million, with annual revenues of more than $221 billion. Small businesses create twothirds of American jobs, and the fastestgrowing small business sector is Latinoowned firms. Today, there are 32 Hispanic Members in the United States Congress, including 3 Senators and 29 House Members, many of whom are MexicanAmerican, representing constituencies in all regions of the country, from California to New York, from Arizona to Illinois, from Colorado to Florida. These gains and numbers tell us that Hispanics are a driving force in our country—economically, socially and politically. Hispanics share the common goals with all other Americans of freedom, opportunity, and a chance to build a better life. In pursuing these aspirations, Hispanics have made important contributions to life in the United States in the fields of culture, sports, entertainment, business enterprise, science, politics and others. Today, millions of Americans will join our neighbors to the south in celebrating Cinco de Mayo. On this day, we are reminded that all people—regardless of their race, color, or gender—have enriched cultures and are worthy of respect and selfdetermination. I am happy to be here today to celebrate this momentous day and to recognize the values, traditions, and positive contributions of the Mexican culture. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. Plenty of members have raised legitimate concerns with this bill, not the least of which is that students, teachers, parents, administrators, and the community in D.C. did not ask for this system to be forced on them. A specific concern: The lack of protections for students with disabilities, arguably those who need protections the most. The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act—colloquially known as IDEA—has ensured for decades that children with disabilities throughout the nation receive the services and accommodations they need. IDEA governs how states and public agencies provide early intervention, special education and related services to more than 6.5 million eligible infants, toddlers, children and youth with disabilities. Voucher schools should not get a free pass because of accounting gimmicks allowed under the voucher program. When IDEA was passed, it did not have a clause that said ‘‘protect all students with disabilities except those students who choose to go to voucher schools.’’ I urge my colleagues to reject this bill and stand up for the civil rights that we all agreed every student deserves. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 9, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 5167–5173, were introduced. 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on May 4, 2016 as follows: H.R. 4909, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–537). Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1486, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to bring the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection into the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–538); H.R. 5046, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–539); H.R. 5048, to require a study by the Comptroller General of the United States on Good Samaritan laws that pertain to treatment of opioid overdoses, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–540); and H.R. 5052, to direct the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to evaluate the effectiveness of grant programs that provide grants for the primary purpose of providing assistance in addressing problems pertaining to opioid abuse, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–541, Part 1).                                                                            Page H2159 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Aderholt to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative McCarthy, Majority Leader, in which he appointed the following Member to the Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation: Representative McSally.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:03 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland, closed business meeting to mark up those provisions 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 9 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 4 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, May 10 
HOUSE DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E651 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E649 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E649, E650 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E649 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E650 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E650 