Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize Progreso Latino, the State of Rhode Island’s leading Latino human services organization that is celebrating its 39th anniversary this weekend. For nearly four decades, Progreso Latino has empowered Rhode Island’s Latino community, providing direct advocacy, adult education, child care, and youth programs that have helped build strong, sustainable neighborhoods across our State. They have done this work with great professionalism and a deep commitment to the community. Progreso Latino has gone above and beyond to provide essential healthcare services for families, including 
wellness programs, preventive care, and regular checkups. Headquartered in the city of Central Falls, this organization continues to play a critical role today in meeting the needs of Rhode Island’s Latino families and ensuring they have an opportunity to get ahead. I am delighted to congratulate Progreso Latino and the dedicated men and women of this extraordinary organization as they celebrate 39 years of service this Saturday. 
SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the death toll due to mental illness continues to climb. Yesterday we lost another 118 lives to suicide, and this brings the total lives lost since passage of H.R. 2646 to 7,670. We lost another 959 lives to mental illness, bringing the total of lives lost to 62,355 since House passage of my bill in July. If nothing is done today, then tomorrow we will lose more. By Monday, another 2,800. I hope my colleagues in the Senate are moved to action by this continued loss of lives, which is preventable. But if it’s popularity, approval ratings, or upcoming elections that our friends are worried about, my friends should know that most Americans believe the country is losing ground in dealing with mental health. In fact, 83 percent of the country thinks so, according to a national mental health survey. Mr. Speaker, how high does the death toll need to climb before the Senate decides to act? We only have a few legislative days left in September. We can either spend that time reading more obituaries or news clips of tragedies or passage of H.R. 2646. It is absolutely clear that America wants us to act now. The question is: Will the Senate finally act and bring treatment before tragedy? 
CALIFORNIA’S WATER CRISIS (Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention today to the ongoing water crisis facing California. The drought is not over, nor has Congress addressed the underlying reasons for the disproportional impact on the San Joaquin Valley communities and the conditions that we face. It has been reported that California could be facing a La Nin˜a condition this upcoming winter. That means that we will have dry conditions and further loss of available water for people, farms, and the environment. We must pass legislation that will be signed into law which will create a rational, balanced water policy, both in the short and long term, that benefits California’s farm communities and the environment. I will submit later for the RECORD a thoughtful oped piece written by a constituent and friend of mine, Cannon Michael. He is a farmer in the valley. We share a lot of the same frustration over how Congress has failed to pass legislation to solve California’s water problems. This oped piece describes exactly how the people of the valley feel, and I urge my colleagues to come together to enact legislation that California desperately needs this year. 
RECOGNIZING THE JEWISH COMMUNITY SERVICES OF SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the Jewish Community Services of South Florida, an organization that is committed in lending a hand to those members of our society who need it the most. Through its many programs, such as mental health counseling, homelessness prevention, and assistance to those with developmental disabilities, JCS is dedicated to bringing aid and smiles and providing the necessary care for those in need. Since its founding in 1920, this organization has not strayed from its clear goals to improve the quality of life for families in our south Florida community. The Jewish Community Services of South Florida will be delivering its 10,000th Rosh Hashanah holiday basket to homebound seniors, many living at or below the poverty level. Mr. Speaker, I am truly honored to recognize this organization’s mission, and to JCS I say mazel tov on a job well done. 
THE 15TH ANNIVERSARY OF 9/11 (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of 9/11, a day when we suffered from the savagery of mankind at its worst and witnessed the courage of humanity at its best. In our collective sorrow, I have never seen this body so united and determined to protect our people, to protect America. We found strength from one another. I am proud of the way my city, my country, and my colleagues responded. I am grateful for the privilege of working with our first responders, survivors, and families, and my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to pass the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act, so that anyone suffering from the wounds of 9/ 11 will never have to worry about the health care and assistance they deserve. It is in this way we remember and honor those who carry the wounds of that very dark day and who deserve the thanks of a grateful nation. It is in this way that we show we will never forget. f 
MESQUITE, NEVADA, A PURPLE HEART CITY (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, the Purple Heart is our Nation’s oldest military decoration. It is a unifying symbol that binds together men and women who have bled for freedom. When these brave warriors return to our communities, we cannot forget them and their sacrifice. That is why I am proud to recognize my hometown of Mesquite, Nevada, for its decision to become a Purple Heart City. The decision, which will be formally announced next week, will signal to all veterans throughout southern Nevada and around the country that Mesquite welcomes them and is proud to honor their service. I would like to thank Chapter 711 of the Military Order of the Purple Heart for working with the city of Mesquite to make this day possible. It is my hope that more communities take this step to honor the sacrifices of these heroes by becoming Purple Heart communities. I can’t wait to see that Purple Heart flag proudly flying over Mesquite. 
HONORING MAJOR TRAVIS BRUNELLE (Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a man who spent his entire adult life serving our country, a man who served with great distinction, and a man who truly was an American patriot. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor U.S. Army Major Travis Brunelle of Tampa, Florida. Major Brunelle enlisted in the Army in 1991. In 2002, he graduated from Florida State University with a bachelor’s degree in information studies and was commissioned a 2nd lieutenant in the infantry, gaining his commission through ROTC at Florida State. He attended the Infantry Officer’s Basic Course, where he served as a platoon leader and would go on to attend the Special Forces Officers Qualification Course. In October 2004, Brunelle earned the coveted Green Beret. ThenCaptain Brunelle served as a detachment commander for Company C, 3rd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group. He deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom. For his service to our Nation, Brunelle was decorated with two 
Bronze Star Medals, three Army Commendation Medals, four Army Achievement Medals, and multiple OEF and OIF deployment ribbons. Additional recognitions included the Expert Infantryman Badge, Combat Infantryman Badge, Master Parachutist Badge, Ranger Tab, and the Special Forces Tab. A Master Mason and president of the Tampa Bay Ranger Regiment motorcycle club, Major Brunelle was known by his community as selfless, compassionate, and full of life. Today, Major Brunelle is survived by his wife, Renee, and many countless, loving friends and family. May God bless Major Travis Brunelle for his service to our Nation. May God bless his family, his friends, and may God bless the country he so valiantly and proudly fought for, the United States of America. 
I AM STUNNED (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I come this morning rather stunned because I am witnessing comments by Presidential candidate Trump and Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence that stuns me. Today I heard that Pence basically said that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in his country than Barack Obama in his country. And then, of course, Donald Trump is arguing that the Russians are not meddling in American Presidential politics, despite the fact he was interviewing on a Russian television station. What is going on here? Is this patriotism? I don’t know why all of a sudden we have a Presidential candidate who is praising or talking about basically a dictator being better than the President of the United States of America. 
b0915 ZIKA EMERGENCY (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, have you ever heard of a travel ban on an American city? Now, we have one in the beautiful boutique district called Wynwood, in the heart of my district. It is time to lift that ban. District 24, Miami, Florida; and the entire State have been besieged by the Zika virus. We are in the epicenter of this growing epidemic and living in fear of the damaging impact a single mosquito bite can have on an unborn fetus. The vibrant, bustling millennial area of Wynwood has the best restaurants, the best trendy art galleries, museums, antique shops, hat stores, and tourist attractions. Tourists flock there from all over the world. Now, with the travel ban in place because of Zika, people are being laid off; businesses are on the verge of closing. In comparison, it is a ghost town. The unborn babies are not the only ones affected by the virus. The economy is suffering immensely. We need your help, Mr. Speaker. Zika is taking a huge bite out of Florida’s booming economy and is devastating the tourism industry. Mr. Speaker, please bring a clean Zika bill to the floor with no riders, no poison pills; just a clean bill. The unborn, families, and the businesses of America are depending on you. Zika is an everevolving nightmare and we must do that. When this travel ban has been lifted, I am looking forward to saying: Business as usual in Wynwood. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I first would like to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. HURT) for his hard work on H.R. 5424. Since joining this body, Mr. HURT has been a tireless advocate for small business creation, capital formation, and working with families across Virginia and throughout the United States. He is to be commended for his efforts. Today, Mr. Speaker, we will consider his legislation, H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act. This bill makes longawaited and sensible changes to the 76yearold Investment Advisers Act. H.R. 5424 also streamlines requirements for private equity funds and sophisticated investors in private equity funds. As I said on the floor yesterday, there should be no room for regulation that serves only to appease bureaucratic demands. Capital should be used to create jobs and further growth, not fulfill meaningless and unproductive regulatory requirements. Private equity plays a vital role in our economy. I have seen it firsthand in my district and across Missouri, and hope my colleagues recognize that private equity is responsible for saving and creating jobs in each of their congressional districts. Capital is the lifeblood of businesses. At a time when investment returns are down and options are limited, when investment advice is more expensive and may soon be out of reach for many Americans, and when our economy continues to stagnate, we need to take measured steps to streamline regulations and free equity. That is the way you fuel an economic recovery. This bill came to us from constituents who we have been listening to during all of the different times that we go home and talk to them. They said these are the rules and regulations that are strangling their ability to do business. The ranking member just talked about a shadow banking system. I would argue that we have a shadow regulatory system that is producing rules and regulations at a furious clip, and without understanding the consequences of those rules and regulations. H.R. 5424 will make modest but meaningful changes to existing law. This is a bipartisan bill that received support from the majority of the minority during the Financial Services Committee markup. It is legislation that merits support from all my colleagues, and that is because H.R. 5424 is about modernization, capital formation and, ultimately, American jobs. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his leadership on these issues and Chairman HENSARLING for bringing this bill to the floor. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of our Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5424. While my good friend from Illinois, Mr. FOSTER , is going to offer an amendment that would remove two of the most problematic provisions, I, unfortunately, still have serious concerns with the remaining provisions in the bill, which makes changes to core aspects of a regulatory regime that has been very successful for decades. For one thing, this entire bill applies to more than just private equity funds. It applies to private equity funds, hedge funds, and commodity pools. So, as a threshold matter, this is not narrow or targeted relief. I also have a problem with the provision exempting private equity advisers from the Proxy Voting Rule for private securities. The Proxy Voting Rule simply requires advisers to have a policy— just a policy—in place to deal with conflicts of interest when the adviser is voting on shareholder proposals on their clients’ behalf. Proxy voting is not limited to public companies, and conflicts of interest exist whether a company is public or private. So there is really no reason why private securities should get an exemption here. In fact, private equity advisers are even more likely to have a conflict of interest when they are voting on shareholder proposals on a client’s behalf because the entire business model of a private equity funds is premised on the funds having a significant amount of influence, if not outright control; and, in some cases, they even manage the company. So a private equity adviser that is voting on a client’s behalf would have a conflict of interest virtually every time it is faced with a proposal that is good for management, but bad for shareholders. Requiring a private equity adviser to have policies in place to manage these conflicts of interest is really not too much to ask. We are just asking for policies to be in place. While I think there are some very good things in this bill that are reasonable, I think too many of the provisions go too far, so I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which was introduced by Congressman HURT. I would especially like to thank Speaker RYANand Chairman HENSARLING for their work in bringing this up for a vote today. Private equity has a long history of making a positive difference for Illinois companies, their employees, and our communities. Over the last 10 years, private equity firms have invested hundreds of billions of dollars in Illinoisbased companies. In fact, Illinois ranked number one nationally in attracting private equity investment in 2015, according to the American Investment Council. It comes as no surprise that these companies, backed by strong financing and experienced management, with innovative products and services, support hundreds of thousands of workers and their families. In addition to the economic growth driven by private equity, we also shouldn’t overlook its importance to investors. For example, the State Universities Retirement System of Illinois and its 200,000 members depend on investments in private equitybacked companies. So why shouldn’t we, as legislators, seize an opportunity to make private equity investment easier? This bill would make relatively modest updates to a 76yearold Investment Advisers Act. Our securities laws are meant to reflect the sophistication of the investors. We should not apply cumbersome regulations intended for lesssophisticated retail investors to professionals with deep knowledge and expertise of investment advising. The majority of private equity funds in Illinois are middle market and do not have large administrative staffs. Generally, the staff is just one or two finance professionals. The proliferation of rules, reporting, and regulation at both the Federal and State level has severely taxed these firms and taken valuable resources away from the important job of identifying, investing in and growing companies and, thus, growing our economy. The Investment Advisers Modernization Act will reduce administrative costs, making it easier to invest in our communities, and improve the rate of return, whether they are saving for retirement or for a university’s endowment. In closing, I would like to thank Chairman HENSARLING again and Mr. HURTfor their leadership on this legislation. It is no surprise that such a commonsense bill already has a strong bipartisan record. I urge all of my colleagues to support the Investment Advisers Modernization Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, after general debate, my colleague from Illinois will offer an amendment to eliminate two toxic provisions of this bill. While I am supportive of his effort, I am concerned that his amendment does not go far enough. I am going to describe the six provisions Mr. FOSTER ’s amendment leaves intact but that are still harmful to investors and threatens the ability of the SEC to oversee private equity funds and hedge funds. As such, even if the amendment is adopted, I urge all Members to oppose final passage of H.R. 5424. The first reason to vote against final passage is that H.R. 5424 would still remove systemic risk reporting requirements for private equity funds. Congress created the Financial Stability Oversight Council when it passed the DoddFrank Act to look for risks across the entire financial system, including those within shadow banks like private equity funds. Democrats understood that one of the most important lessons of the crisis was the value of sunshine into all of the dark corners of our markets. We do not want another AIG to make enough risky financial bets to take down the entire economy without anyone knowing until it is too late. H.R. 5424, however, would repeal the requirement that large private equity firms provide certain information about their portfolio companies and their leverage. The second reason to vote ‘‘no’’ on an amended H.R. 5424 is that the bill still would prohibit the SEC from applying the antifraud guidance related to advertising materials of mutual funds to private equity funds and hedge funds. This is a basic investor protection. Private equity funds should not be able to selectively use performance data to dupe investors into buying their funds. It works for mutual funds and it will work for other funds similarly. Reason number three to oppose H.R. 5424 is that the amended bill would remove the brightline test for fraudulent and misleading advertising materials, thereby allowing private equity advisers to use testimonials and past recommendations to create a false perception of the adviser’s performance. This provision will enable private equity funds to more easily sell key securities to unsuspecting investors. Reason number four to vote ‘‘no’’ is the bill would still remove the requirement that fund advisers notify investors of ownership changes. This would allow an adviser to sell its business or the fund it manages to anyone, raising the concern that an unacceptable party would suddenly be managing a pension’s invested money without their consent. The public pension plans have a right to know if the star manager has been replaced with an underachiever. An amended H.R. 5424 also would repeal disclosures of proxy voting procedures for handling conflicts of interest. Namely, the bill eliminates a requirement that advisers to private equity funds and hedge funds have policies and procedures in place to dictate how and when the adviser will vote a proxy and how it will mitigate any conflicts of interest. Because these policies and procedures inform investors and the SEC to whether an adviser is meeting some of its fiduciary responsibilities, I find it hard to understand how Democrats who stood up to protect the fiduciary obligations of everyday Americans can now support weakening it for the funds investing on behalf of those Americans. Finally, even though the Foster amendment preserves the audit requirement for certificated securities, the bill would remove the audit requirement under the SEC’s custody rules for private, uncertificated securities for which advisers would not have to keep any record. Although such securities may not be common in the private space, this distinction between two types of securities has all the trappings of a loophole in the making and would create a terrible incentive. So I would urge all Members to oppose H.R. 5424 even if the Foster amendment is adopted. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). b0945 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I cosponsored this bill because private equity makes considerable investment in Illinois and, specifically, in my district. Nationwide, many businesses are backed by private equity and are a key driving force behind our economy, making critical national and local economic contributions. These businesses support 11 million jobs nationwide. This bill is about applying the provisions of the Investment Advisers Modernization Act that make sense for the private equity business model. That business model involves making long term investments in companies that a fund intends to turn around or grow over a period of years. This bill, from the very beginning, was an effort to apply those requirements in a way that makes sense, and it is the culmination of a great deal of bipartisan work. Working across the aisle, I have worked with Congressman HURTof Virginia to remove the provisions that my colleagues on my side of the aisle have indicated are the most troubling to them. Together, we worked on two amendments. The amendment passed in committee resulted in more than half of the Democrats on the committee supporting the bill. Today I will be offering an amendment that will address two concerns that have been most prominently expressed by Democrats and advocates through the amendment I will be proposing and answers their main objections. First, the amendment will address concerns over transparency into the 
shrink, and they have seen their wages stagnate. Seven years after recession ended, nearly 14 million Americans are unemployed or underemployed. I am confident that all of us—Republicans and Democrats alike—want this to change. We want to help Americans who are struggling, who are underemployed and unemployed. We have to lift the nearly 7 million additional Americans who have been thrown into poverty during these last 7 years. We must help them. We know—or should know—that nothing helps the poor, the unemployed, and the underemployed like economic growth. Growth means more jobs, more growth means higher average wages, more growth means less government borrowing, and growth enables Americans to achieve the dream of financial independence. But if we want to ignite growth and revive our struggling economy, the answer is not more debt, more spending, or more onerous regulations from Washington. Instead, we need more entrepreneurs, more innovation, and more small business expansion on Main Street. So at this time, when record levels of debt and Federal regulation hinder growth and slow our economy, it is critical for us to find bipartisan solutions—not always easy to come by—that will accelerate growth and get our economy back on track. Mr. Speaker, we have exactly that kind of bill before us today. Again, it is a bipartisan bill supported and sponsored by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. HURT), Mr. V ARGAS of California from the Democratic side of the aisle, Mr. STIVERS of Ohio from the Republican side of the aisle, and Mr. FOSTER  of Illinois from the Democratic side of the aisle. I have the honor of serving with all four of these gentlemen on the House Financial Services Committee, and I thank them for their bipartisan work on this bill. Again, this passed in our committee 47–12. Over half the Democrats on the committee support the bill—80 percent of the committee. There is no reason why every Member of the House shouldn’t approve this bipartisan Investment Advisers Modernization Act because, Mr. Speaker, again, it is bipartisan, it is pragmatic, and it is commonsense. It simply updates portions of a 76yearold law by updating regulations that have made it harder for the job growth engine of America—our small businesses—to access the capital they need to create jobs on Main Street. b1000 We know, again, that small businesses across the country are struggling to find investment and financing options that enable them to open their doors, hire workers, and succeed. They are struggling, again, because of a growing regulatory burden imposed by Washington, by a Washingtonknows best mentality. Witnesses have testified before our committee, Mr. Speaker, that there has been a serious decline in loans from banks to small businesses over the past few years, and our Nation has gone a decade—a decade—with no growth in the value of small business loans. It is not surprising that, during the second quarter of this year, one of every three smallbusiness owners said they had to transfer personal assets to keep their businesses running, according to a recent report from Pepperdine University. This same report found that 50 percent of smallbusiness owners said their growth opportunities are restricted by the current business financing environment. As a smallbusiness owner, my hometown of Dallas wrote me recently: ‘‘We have seen wave after wave of Federal regulations affecting our ability to grow.’’ Another small business owner from the town of Chandler, in the Fifth District I have the privilege of representing, summed up the economic harm caused by Washington’s regulatory burden this way: ‘‘No one can keep up.’’ In order for the economy to grow for small businesses to create jobs that Americans need, we have to remove unnecessary regulations that tie up private capital and cause economic uncertainty. We must put in their place policies that encourage investment, innovation, and entrepreneurial spirit that makes America a beacon of opportunity for all. Again, Mr. Speaker, we have a bipartisan bill before us having passed 47–12, 80 percent of our committee having approved. It is a modest, but important, step in the right direction. But as one witness told us: It will go a long way towards facilitating capital formation while maintaining our commitment to investor protection. I urge all of my colleagues to support the bipartisan bill. By doing so, they will remove unnecessary burdens on our small businesses, and we will help grow not only the American economy but the Main Street economy as well. I thank Members on both sides of the aisle for their bipartisan work on this very, very strong bill. And I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his leadership and for yielding the time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think I heard my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle reference Main Street, but I did not hear him describe who his Main Street is, and we don’t know who he is talking about. Let me just remind the Members one more time who is opposing this bill— this is truly representative of Main Street—AFL–CIO; American Federation of Teachers; American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees; Americans for Financial Reform; Communications Workers of America; Consumer Federation of America; Council of Institutional Investors; CalPERS; CalSTRS; Institutional Limited Partners Association; North American Securities Administrators Association; Public Citizen; UNITE HERE; United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW; and U.S. Public Interest Research Group. We have opposition from working people, from the real people of Main Street, on this legislation. I think, as Members begin to read and look at this bill, they will understand how dangerous it is and how we would be rolling back the clock, jeopardizing the reforms that we have made with Dodd Frank, and also taking us back to undermining the SEC in extraordinary ways. Recently, Mr. Speaker, there was an investigative series initiated by The New York Times looking into the operations of private equity firms. I would like to read for you a few key excerpts from the articles which I think might highlight the need for further regulation of private equity and not the rollbacks we see today in H.R. 5424. This is from a June 25, 2016, article titled: ‘‘When You Dial 911 and Wall Street Answers.’’ ‘‘Since the 2008 financial crisis, private equity firms, the ‘corporate raiders’ of an earlier era, have increasingly taken over a wide array of civic and financial services that are central to American life. ‘‘Unlike other forprofit companies, which often have years of experience making a product or offering a service, private equity is primarily skilled in making money. And in many of these businesses, The Times found, private equity firms applied a sophisticated moneymaking playbook: a mix of cost cuts, price increases, lobbying and litigation. ‘‘In emergency care and firefighting, this approach creates a fundamental tension: the push to turn a profit while caring for people in their most vulnerable moments.’’ This article then goes on to describe how response times slowed and lives were put in danger—and I am talking about the response time of fire departments that are now controlled by equity funds—when these profithungry Wall Street firms took over essential public health services, like ensuring ambulances arrived to victims on time. From an article titled, ‘‘How Housing’s New Players Spiraled into Banks’ Old Mistakes,’’ dated June 26, 2016: ‘‘When the housing crisis sent the American economy to the brink of disaster in 2008, millions of people lost their homes. The banking system had failed homeowners and their families. ‘‘New investors soon swept in—mainly private equity firms—promising to do better. ‘‘But some of these new investors are repeating the mistakes that banks committed throughout the housing crisis, an investigation by The New York Times has found. They are quickly foreclosing on homeowners. They are losing families’ mortgage paperwork, much as the banks did. And many of these practices were enabled by the 
federal government, which sold tens of thousands of discounted mortgages to private equity investors, while making few demands on how they treated struggling homeowners. ‘‘The rising importance of private equity in the housing market is one of the most consequential transformations of the postcrisis American financial landscape. A home, after all, is the single largest investment most families will ever make. ‘‘Private equity firms, and the mortgage companies they own, face less oversight than the banks. And yet they are the cleanup crew for the worst housing crisis since the Great Depression.’’ The article then goes on to describe how private equity firms can squeeze fees out of homeowners during every stage of the foreclosure process, often through conflicts of interest that make foreclosure more profitable than providing sustainable loan modifications. Mr. Speaker, this investigated series by The New York Times exposes practices that I think no credible Member of Congress would want to be associated with. This is horrible that we could even think that we are allowing our citizens to be placed at risk and their lives jeopardized because we have a private equity firm that is brought up and is now in control of critical services to our citizens, and they have to do it and make a profit. The way they make that profit is they cut back on personnel, equipment, machinery, or whatever it takes to turn that dollar. I am absolutely amazed that any Member of Congress would dare to think about supporting this kind of legislation that would allow these practices not only to continue in ways that I have described, and let me just remind you, I don’t know how we can soon forget the crisis that this country experienced in 2008 when we had this subprime meltdown and we had so many foreclosures, so many families that were literally put on the streets because they lost their home because of practices that were not regulated by this government. This is amazing. This is absolutely amazing, and it is outrageous. I believe when the Members who come to vote today take a look at the fine print that they will understand what is happening here today. I think even if some Members thought they could, or should, support this bill, I think they are going to change their minds. And while it is being touted as a bipartisan effort, I don’t think so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here today to talk about what is very essential in America, and that is getting people to work and creating opportunities. Small businesses are essential to America’s economic competitiveness. Not only do they employ half the Nation’s private sector, but they also create twothirds of the net jobs in our country. Unfortunately, in recent years, small businesses have been slow to recover from a recession and credit crisis that has hit them especially hard. Unlike large enterprises that can obtain funds from commercial debt and equity markets, small businesses must often rely on their own personal assets, retained earnings, community banks, and credit unions for needed capital. Last month, in the great city of Santa Clarita, I hosted my annual small business conference and expo. The conference was designed to hear from constituents exactly what was happening and their problems in small businesses. After listening to small business owners and employees talk about the challenges they face, it was very evident that overregulation and lack of access to capital were the biggest issues. That is why I applaud and support Mr. HURT’s work on H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016. The Investment Advisers Act has proven to be a duplicative burden that not only drives up costs but also blocks an efficient allocation of capital. We need to modernize these laws so that we can remove existing barriers and tailor our policy to help facilitate capital formation. H.R. 5424 would do exactly that. The legislation takes into consideration the business model of today’s private equity and not one from 70 years ago. I look forward to continuing my work with Mr. HURT, and with all of my colleagues here in the House, on commonsense measures like the Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, so that we can ensure our small businesses can grow and employ more of our neighbors. Again, Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5424, and ask my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill because access to capital is not a partisan issue, it is something that we need and will help our small businesses. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as such time as I may consume. I will remind the Members that NANCY PELOSI , our leader, has weighed in on this pretty heavily. She doesn’t weigh in on a lot of things, but she has put out an advisory here today titled: H.R. 5424, a House GOP giveaway to the shadow banking industry. We have from the administration that a Presidential veto will take place on this legislation should it get to his desk. This morning’s debate illustrates Republican’s misguided priorities. When we are here in Washington, the American public expects us to address the pressing needs of our Nation and not waste our time with Wall Street giveaways that the financial crisis taught us is neither prudent nor without devastating consequences. Why is it that the interest of Wall Street takes high priority when we return from our break? b1015 Why aren’t we talking about homelessness? Why aren’t we talking about Flint? Why aren’t we talking about Zika? Why aren’t we talking about Baton Rouge? I will tell you that there are those who think, perhaps, they have to take care of Wall Street, that it comes first, but I do not think so. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I urge all of the Members of this body to support this good bill. Let’s remember where we started with this registration requirement for private equity. In the DoddFrank Act, in the aftermath of the financial crisis, private equity was swept into the DoddFrank Act in an effort, ostensibly, to try to stop future systemic crises in the United States’ markets. As a consequence, over the last couple of years, we have introduced legislation to repeal that registration requirement. This bill does not do that. Those efforts were bipartisan in nature. They were designed to promote more investment in jobs across this country, but that was met with resistance. Registration is now a fact of life. There are Members on the other side who did not support our previous efforts, Mr. FOSTER being one of them. As has been said, we have more than half of the Democrats on the Financial Services Committee supporting this legislation because it is not a repeal of the registration requirement. What it is, in fact, is a streamlining of a 76 yearold law that has made it more difficult for investment funds to be able to be successful. This bill is not about rolling back investor protection. In fact, investor protection will still be strong. The SEC has the power to bring enforcement actions. Nothing has been done, again, to repeal the registration requirement. These firms will still continue to have to be registered. This is not about investor protection. All of the antifraud provisions that are currently in Federal securities law will continue to apply. This is about teachers. It is about firefighters. This is about the pension funds in these investment funds that have had success over the last 10 years. These have been the places where these pension funds have, in fact, invested because they have been solidperforming funds. That is good for teachers and firefighters and their retirements. That is what this bill is about. It is about making it easier for these funds to be successful so that they can bring back those returns for the retirements of our teachers and our firefighters. At the end of the day, probably as important as anything to me are the 
jobs that are created all across this country because of the investments of these funds—places like Main Street in Martinsville, Virginia, where we have seen, over the last 15 years, unemployment as high as 25 percent. There have been investments in places like Southside, Virginia, that have created jobs, that have grown companies. That is what this bill is about. It is about those jobs in Martinsville, Virginia. It is about those families in Martinsville, Virginia, or in Rocky Mount, or in Charlottesville, in Virginia’s Fifth District. That is what this bill is about. That is why it has garnered strong bipartisan support on our committee, and I hope it will garner strong bipartisan support today on this floor. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5424, the socalled ‘‘Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016.’’ Regrettably, instead of modernizing the regulation of investment advisors, as the bill’s title suggests, the legislation under consideration today would take us back to a time when there was minimal transparency and reporting requirements for private firms such as private equity and hedge funds. Over the past few months, I have been following the New York Times investigative series that exposed abuses by the private equity industry that impact our daily lives. I am concerned that private equity firms are now overtaking our fire departments, our ambulance services, our public water services, and our mortgage market. The influence of these private firms in services that traditionally have been provided by our government is resulting in slower reaction times for emergency services, aggressive collection practices, and the type of foreclosure abuse that we saw before the 2008 financial crisis. Given the increased influence of these firms in our daily lives, it is critical that we do not roll back crucial oversight and transparency requirements through this legislation. I served on the Financial Services Committee during the 2008 financial crisis. I witnessed the harmful impact that the lack of regulation had on hardworking families around our nation. I had the honor of helping to reform our financial system through the enactment of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (The Dodd Frank Act). The DoddFrank Act increased the transparency of private funds by requiring increased reporting and compliance requirements. Unfortunately, this legislation would destroy much of the hard work we did through the DoddFrank Act. According to Americans for Financial Reform, the regulatory exemptions included in this bill would enable the exploitation of investors and would reduce the information available to regulators to address systemic risk. Specifically, this harmful legislation removes certain requirements made applicable by the DoddFrank Act to investment advisers to private equity funds and hedge funds, so that they do not have to notify their investors of ownership changes, report certain information on large private equity funds in their systemic risk reports to the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or annually deliver plain text disclosures to clients. It also exempts these private funds from the annual independent audit requirement, which was strengthened by the Securities and Exchange Commission following the Bernie Madoff scandal. A quarter of the investments in private equity funds comes from public pensions, which invest the retirement savings of our nation’s teachers and firefighters. We cannot repeal these important protections for our nation’s public servants. In closing, this harmful bill would provide regulatory relief for an industry that needs more regulation. It is a dangerous step in the wrong direction. This is why I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 6, strike line 14 and all that follows through page 7, line 5. Page 7, strike line 18 and all that follows through ‘‘Consistent with’’ on page 9, line 16, and insert ‘‘Regulations, consistent with’’. Page 9, beginning on line 20, strike ‘‘the Commission shall,’’. Page 9, line 23, insert ‘‘, so as to’’ after ‘‘such section’’. 
that were made in the bill. The legislation would, as reported, require the SEC to provide additional exemptions to the custody rule, which will generally require an adviser of a pooled investment vehicle to have an independent accountant conduct surprise or scheduled audits every year of its clients’ funds and securities. While I believe that the proposed exemption is carefully tailored to limit its scope to persons with whom the fund sponsor has a close relationship, there were concerns about the level of connectedness and how far current SEC staff guidance could be extended. This is an issue that should continue to be evaluated as, I believe, the current SEC guidance is too narrow, and the cost of the audit is often greater than the investor protection it provides. While I think there are serious policy merits to the legislation as reported, I do think that these two changes that have been proposed by Mr. FOSTER alleviate some concerns and help make the bill even more bipartisan than it was when it received the strong vote that it did in the Financial Services Committee. I support this amendment, and I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) for offering this amendment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. TORRES. I am opposed in its current form. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Torres moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5424 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: 
Mrs. TORRES (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, this is a final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, a June 26 New York Times article revealed some of the troubling consequences of private equity firms taking over local emergency services. According to the article, since the 2008 financial crisis, private equity firms are investing in growing numbers in emergency services companies, sometimes with disastrous results. The piece found cases where emergency response times were so slow, personnel even had time for a cigarette break before arriving to the scene. Some emergency services companies also reported mismanagement, specifically, that their parent companies are not able to pay their salaries or restock ambulances with critical medical supplies. My amendment will make sure that there is accountability and transparency when private equity firms invest in emergency services. My amendment will not prohibit private equity funds from investing in these services or place any restrictions on how they choose to invest, nor will it deny the fact that private equity has and can play an important role in investing in companies in communities across our country. It would simply provide reassurance to our constituents that when they call 911, their lives won’t be put at risk because their local fire or ambulance service wants to turn a profit. This motion to recommit would require private equity firms to report the change in response time of emergency vehicles since the private fund acquired a controlling interest in the emergency services company. Additionally, the report will require data on the percent of emergency response times that violate contracts entered into by local governments and emergency services companies and include an explanation as to why response times did not meet requirements set out in such contracts. At a time when local jurisdictions are struggling to make ends meet and the demands on emergency services are only growing, there is certainly a role for private equity firms to play in making sure our constituents have the services they need and expect. But if a private equity firm decides to invest in an emergency service company, they also take on the responsibility to provide those services to the best of their capacity. As a former 911 dispatcher, I know that when it comes to getting emergency personnel to those in need, every second matters. There is no margin of error, and under absolutely no circumstances should profit come before saving lives. I urge my colleagues to support this motion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am just curious where this amendment was during the bipartisan process to bring H.R. 5424 to the floor. I am curious where it was in our committee deliberations. I am curious why it was never presented to the Rules Committee and we are just seeing it now. Again, H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act, is a bipartisan piece of legislation to make sure our small businesses, entrepreneurs, and innovators can access capital. It passed the committee 49–12. More than half of the Democrats supported it. Now we have a motion to recommit that moves it in the complete opposite direction—one more disclosure, disclaimer, more jobkilling regulations to be put upon those who are trying to fund our small businesses, to try to help the working poor better themselves, to try to help improve the paychecks and the wellbeing of middleincome America. It is time to reject the motion to recommit. Let’s work on a bipartisan basis. Let’s pass H.R. 5424. Vote down the motion to recommit. Vote for the bipartisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
b1105 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 11 o’clock and 5 minutes a.m. 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2040) to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2040 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials to S. 2040, under current consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act has been introduced over several successive Congresses and has twice passed the Senate. Over the years that this legislation has been considered, I have worked with its sponsors to make the bill’s language more precise in order to ensure that any unintended consequences are kept to a minimum. In particular, I have worked to make sure that JASTA’s extension of secondary liability under the AntiTerrorism Act closely tracks the common law standard for aiding and abetting liability and is limited to State Departmentdesignated foreign terrorist organizations. Secondary liability should only attach to persons who have actual knowledge that they are directly providing substantial assistance to a designated foreign terrorist organization in connection with the commission of an act of international terrorism. JASTA, as revised in the Senate Judiciary Committee, ensures that aiding and abetting liability is limited in this manner. In addition to the AntiTerrorism Act, JASTA amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act to waive the sovereign immunity of any country that sponsors an act of international terrorism that causes physical injury on U.S. soil. JASTA makes this change because, under current law, a foreign nation can provide financing and other substantial assistance for a terrorist attack in our country and escape liability so long as the support is provided overseas. 
For example, under current law, if the intelligence agency of a foreign government handed a terrorist a bag of money in New York City to support an attack on U.S. soil, the country would be liable under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act’s tort exception right now. However, if we change the fact pattern slightly so that, rather than giving a terrorist money in New York City, the money is provided in Paris, the foreign state will not be subject to liability in U.S. courts. This is a troubling loophole in our antiterrorism laws to say that a terrorist attack occurring in the United States, a tort occurring in the United States on U.S. citizens, would not allow U.S. citizens access to their own courts for a tort that occurred in their own country. When Congress enacted the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act in 1976, it put in place a broad set of exceptions to sovereign immunity, including an exception for tort claims involving injuries occurring in the United States. However, the courts have not consistently interpreted those exceptions in such a manner that they cover the sponsoring of a terrorist attack on U.S. soil. JASTA addresses this inconsistency with a concrete rule that is consistent with the nine, longstanding exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity already provided for under U.S. law. JASTA ensures that those, including foreign governments, who sponsor terrorist attacks on U.S. soil are held fully accountable for their actions. We can no longer allow those who injure and kill Americans to hide behind legal loopholes, denying justice to the victims of terrorism. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) control the balance of the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from New York, a senior member of the committee with whom I have worked for many years, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the September 11, 2001, terrorist attack on the United States was the deadliest foreign attack on American soil in our Nation’s history. Its impact has been immeasurable, as evidenced by the fact that we are still grappling with the cultural and policy implications stemming from the events of that day. And, 15 years on, most Americans continue to feel its searing emotional impact, particularly as the anniversary date approaches this Sunday. This is especially true for those who lost loved ones or were injured as a result of this horrific attack. They deserve our deepest sympathy and our help. So it is in this vein that we consider S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which, among other things, amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 to create a new exception to the act’s general grant of foreign sovereign immunity. The Judiciary Committee held a hearing on this bill last July, at which the bill’s supporters presented compelling and sympathetic arguments in favor of ensuring that the 9/11 families have access to a welldeserved day in court. At the same time, however, the administration and others raised a number of concerns about the bill’s potential impact that we should keep in mind. First, the administration, some allied nations, and others, assert that the enactment of S. 2040 may lead to retaliation by other countries against the United States, given the breadth of our interests and the expansive reach of our global activities. Secondly, they assert that the bill will hamper cooperation from other nations because they may become more reluctant to share sensitive intelligence, in light of the greater risk that such information may be revealed in litigation. Moreover, they raise the concern that the bill, effectively, would allow private litigants rather than the government to determine foreign and national security policy questions like which states are sponsors of terrorism. Because of the moral imperative of enacting legislation and the seriousness of the concerns raised, I remain hopeful that we can continue to work with the administration to resolve these issues so that legislation can be signed into law by the President. I also want to acknowledge Representatives PETER KINGand, particularly, JERROLD NADLER , and Senators JOHNCORNYN and C HARLES SCHUMER for their tireless leadership and efforts to achieve congressional passage of this measure. There is no doubt as to the passion they bring for advocating for victims of the September 11, 2001, attacks—a passion that I, and many others, share. b1115 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee, and welcome him back. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Sunday marks 15 years since America was viciously attacked in 2001. Everyone remembers what they were doing. I was driving my Jeep to the courthouse in Texas, where I was a judge. People stopped on the side of the road because they were listening to the radio about how planes were used as a weapon to attack our Nation. Three thousand Americans and people from other nations were murdered at the hands of evil, malicious terrorists, and our country changed forever that day. The lives of those families especially changed, those families that suffered loved ones who were killed and injured and are still injured today. Meanwhile, we are here debating whether or not these families of the victims deserve their basic right, under the Constitution of the U.S., to their day in court, the right to sue the perpetrators. I don’t think there should be much dissenting on this issue. Mr. Speaker, if any foreign government, if it can be shown to have supported a terrorist attack on U.S. soil, American victims ought to have the right to sue that country. Based on the 28 pages held secret for years, there may be evidence that the country of Saudi Arabia and their officials may have had some involvement in planning the elements of that attack. I don’t know. That is what the courtroom is for. Whether this involvement rises to the level to be held accountable at trial is an issue for a jury of Americans to decide. It is interesting that Saudi Arabia objects to this legislation. Methinks they object too much. Like any other issue, we should let a jury decide the damages, what they should be, whether there should be any at all. The legislation gives the victims’ families access to the courts, to the rule of law, and we, as a people, should be more concerned about these victims of terror than we are about diplomatic niceties with other countries. The voices of the murdered cry out for us to do justice, and justice has been waiting too long; 15 years for justice. Mr. Speaker, justice is what we do in this country, and that is what these victims and their families want. And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased now to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER), who has been working on this issue for such a long time. Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of JASTA. I am proud to be the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill, alongside my friend from New York (Mr. KING), and I appreciate all of his hard work on this legislation. On Sunday, we will observe the 15th anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, when thousands of Americans were brutally murdered in my district in New York, as well as at the Pentagon, and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. JASTA would help ensure that those responsible for aiding and abetting those attacks are held accountable for their actions. Unfortunately, because of certain court decisions misinterpreting the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and the AntiTerrorism Act, the 9/11 victims and their families have been unable to pursue their claims in court 
against some of the parties they believe were responsible for funding the attacks. JASTA simply reinstates what was understood to be the law for 30 years, that foreign states may be brought to justice for aiding and abetting acts of international terrorism that occur on American soil, whether or not the conduct that facilitated the attack occurred in the United States. Think of it this way: some courts have held that if a foreign government agent hands over a $1 million check to al Qaeda in a cafe in New York in order to fund a terrorist attack in the United States, that government can be sued in an American court. But if that same foreign agent funds the same attack by handing over the same $1 million check in a cafe in Geneva, his government should be immune from liability. That makes no sense, and it flies in the face of what had been settled law for many years. We must correct these erroneous court decisions so that anyone who facilitates a terrorist attack on our people can be brought to justice. Let me be clear. This legislation does not prejudge the merits of any particular case. It simply ensures that the 9/11 families, or anyone who may face the same situation, can plead their case in court. Some critics of this bill have argued that if we pass it, other nations may retaliate by enacting similar laws that could subject Americans, or the United States itself, to liability in those countries. I find this argument unpersuasive. The United States does not engage in international terrorist activity and would not face any legal jeopardy if a law like JASTA were enacted anywhere else. Furthermore, the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, and its wellestablished tort exception, have been the law for 40 years. In that time, we simply have not seen the parade of horribles that some critics imagine would happen if this bill were to become law. We cannot allow threats from a country that fears being held to account for its actions, and may threaten retaliation of some sort, to deny victims of terrorist attacks their day in court. Moreover, this legislation contains a reasonable provision allowing for a stay of court proceedings if the President is engaging in good faith negotiations to resolve the claim through diplomatic channels. We need not fear retaliation from another country. This is not the 1790s. The United States is a major power and can hold our own. JASTA is a narrow bill that has been carefully negotiated over the last 6 years, and which passed the Senate unanimously in May. It would provide clarity to the courts, and justice to the victims of 9/11, and it deserves swift passage today. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. KING of New York. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is a great day for America. Let me, at the outset, commend Chairman GOODLATTE for the outstanding work that he has done, for always keeping his word, for being a person we could always count on to do what had to be done, and always told us what he was doing, and always carried everything out. So I thank BOB very much. Let me thank the Speaker of the House, Mr. RYAN; the Majority Leader, Mr. MCCARTHY ; the Democratic leaders, NANCY PELOSI and S TENY HOYER ; and my good friend, JERRY NADLER , for being there from day one. Also, let me thank former Congressman Dan Lungren, who was the original lead sponsor of this bill going back several years. Let me also thank the 9/11 families for the fact that they have never, ever yielded. They have never stepped back. They have always kept this issue on the front burner at a time when too many Americans choose to look the other way. I especially want to thank Terry Strada and the great work that she has done. Her husband, Tom, her fatherin law, Ernie, and her motherinlaw, Mary Ann, are very good friends. I want to again thank her for the job that she did. And her husband, certainly she is carrying on his name; and Terry, I thank you for that. This is essential. It is essential that justice be done. It is essential that 9/11 families have the right to bring action in American courts. As Judge POEsaid, this is the most basic constitutional right. This is an obligation. It is an obligation we, in the Congress, have to not allow foreign lobbyists or foreign countries or anyone else to intimidate us. Justice must be done, and we want to make sure that there are no more 9/11s. This is one more step we can take to show foreign governments they cannot step aside, they cannot walk away when something is carried out, where they are sort of looking the other way to make believe it is not happening. I am not prejudging the case, but the fact is the 9/11 families have the right to have this resolved in court, and I am proud to stand with them. I want to commend my colleague, DANDONOVAN . From the day he arrived here in Congress, this has been a major issue for him. The Zadroga Act and JASTA is what propels him and certainly has motivated me. So, again, I want to thank all the 9/11 families for all the work they have done. It is a bipartisan effort. It is an American effort, and we can be very proud as we go into the 15th anniversary of the most horrible day in America that we have not given up the fight. We will continue to fight and we will win. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYNB. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for all of his hard work on this bill and others. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his hard work in helping to bring it to the floor. I thank my colleagues from New York, Congressmen KINGand N ADLER , for their hard work. This is an important, important bill, and I rise today, 2 days before the 15th anniversary of 9/11, to express my strong support for the passage of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The attacks of 9/11 were acts of appalling cruelty. They targeted, knowingly and specifically, innocent Americans who just got up and went to work like every other American and were killed on 9/11. Though the hijackers of those planes died that day, it is virtually indisputable that people who conspired with them in the planning, preparation, execution, and financing of those horrific acts walk the streets freely in foreign capitals today. In fact, they are protected by a peculiar interpretation of international law that shields them from justice in U.S. courts for terrorist acts on U.S. soil. This bill, a version of which passed the Senate unanimously, would correct misinterpretations of previous legislation and lower court decisions, and empower survivors and families of the victims of international terrorism to seek a measure of justice through our civil court system. This bill is needed because both the Congress and the executive have affirmed that civil litigation against terror sponsors, including governments, can have an important deterrent effect. This bill is also mindful of the concerns some have about its possible effect on sovereign immunity. For that reason, it is narrowly focused and applies only to attacks committed on U.S. soil that harm U.S. nationals. The attacks of 9/11 were roundly condemned by people and governments around the world, so this bill is needed not just for the families of those who died in New York and at the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania, but it is needed by people around the world. We know we lost, roughly, 3,000 people on 9/11, but thousands and thousands more have died since the attacks because of the diseases that they now have because of being exposed to the toxins down at Ground Zero. Now they are predicting that, roughly, 15 people a day are concerned because cancer is now in their bodies from the exposure. So our people are still suffering. Fifteen years is a long time to wait. This bill is needed. Justice, we need justice. I think it is a strong deterrent. I am proud of the United States Congress and the legislative body of this country for standing up and passing this bill. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to not forget and to support overwhelmingly this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Justice Against Foreign Terrorists Act sponsored by Mr. KINGof New York. As we approach the 15th anniversary of the horrific terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, it is appropriate that we, in Congress, are finally authorizing that victims from that terrible day have the right to pursue full justice in our courts of law. I am a lawyer and I have worked with constitutional and statutory issues. This legislation does not convict any one person or any one nation, but it gives the loved ones of those who died recourse for full justice and compensation. New Jersey lost more than 700 residents in the attacks, 81 of them from communities I represent here in Congress. I know some of those names, and I know all of those communities. They deserve their day in court, and they deserve the assistance of the Federal Government in being as transparent as possible with the evidence and the intelligence. The truth is the truth, and it is time that we all know this. This measure passed the United States Senate with unanimous support, yet there are some who believe that the White House may threaten to veto the legislation, citing how it may compromise our relationship with certain other nations. This is backward logic. Those nations should recognize the fundamental justice and legal remedies against a terrorist network that killed more than 3,000 Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I am sure this will pass overwhelmingly, perhaps unanimously, in a bipartisan fashion. b1130 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, look around the world. In Europe, in Asia, in the Middle East, and in Africa, wherever you see evidence of radical Islam, that extremism can usually be traced to preachers of hate from Saudi Arabia. The Kingdom has blood on its hands. Is it the blood of the victims of 9/11? Possibly. Fifteen of the nineteen hijackers were Saudis. Some Saudis were permitted to flee this country without thorough interviews. ‘‘Saudi Arabia has long been considered the primary source of funding for al Qaeda.’’ [The 9/11 Commission Report, p. 171] Intelligence Committee Chair Senator Bob Graham saw ‘‘a direct line between at least some of the terrorists who carried out the September 11 attacks and the Government of Saudi Arabia.’’ [Saudi Arabia May Be Tied to 9/11, 2 ExSenators Say; New York Times; Feb. 29. 2012] But evaluating all of this evidence, the evidence of both sides, is why we have a judicial system in the first place. And for our government to obstruct the 9/11 victims—their families—from seeking the truth about Saudi Arabia and its involvement is just flat wrong. Some in our government have tried to hide as much as they could for as long as they could about the Saudis. Ignoring Saudi treachery, we had a President who literally held hands with the Crown Prince while attacking another country in the biggest foreign policy disaster in our Nation’s history that continues to plague us. The Muslims that I know, who are my neighbors in Texas, and those with whom I meet here in Washington, do not deserve blanket blame for themselves or for Islam, but neither should there be blanket immunity for those who may have committed wrong. I salute the bipartisan sponsors of this legislation. Give these 9/11 families their day in court and accord the Saudis all of the rights in a judicial proceeding that they so regularly deny their own citizens. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, to begin, I would like to acknowledge and thank Speaker RYAN, Chairman G OODLATTE , and Chairman U PTON . I have been a Member of this distinguished institution for only 16 months, and, in that time, they have done right by the heroes I represent in Congress. I thank them, and the thousands of heroes and their families from my district thank them as well. My good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING), has been a fierce advocate for all 9/11 heroes and their families for the last 15 years, and it is an honor to stand by his side. I would like to read into the RECORD  part of a letter written to me last week by Lori Mascali, the widow of firefighter, and my good friend, Joseph Mascali from New York City Fire Department’s Rescue 5: ‘‘It’s Sunday morning, and the smell of coffee fills the air as I wait to hear the sound of the key in the front door. I know that sound of that key will be followed by the words, ‘I’m home,’ and my heart is excited. No longer do I hear the sound of the key in the door on a Sunday morning. No longer do I hear the simple words, ‘I’m home.’ Sovereign immunity should not be allowed as a shield of protection for persons or nations that fund terrorists and cause mass murder. JASTA must be passed to send a strong message to all nations: if you fund terrorism, there will be accountability.’’ Mr. Speaker, this bill is about giving victims of terror attacks on United States soil their day in court and the chance to hold everybody accountable—including foreign governments that may have been involved. 9/11 devastated families in my district—and for me, their priorities are my priorities. I support this bill, and ask my colleagues to join me in voting for passage. As my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) said, the President has threatened to veto this bill, but, for those Americans who have earned the right for justice, I hope he has the conviction and courage to sign JASTA into law. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago, my Congressional District lost 200 men and women—families named Downey, families named Murphy, families named Uggiano, and so many other families. In the years since, those who responded to that act of terror have been getting sicker and sicker and sicker. They all deserve justice, Mr. Speaker. You get justice on the battlefield. You can get justice in the courtroom. This bill ensures that they have the right to justice in the courtroom. For that simple and very profound reason, I support this bill. I was pleased to cosponsor the bill with my friend from New York (Mr. KING). Mr. Speaker, I urge the President not to veto this bill. I thank my friend from Michigan. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his extraordinary work on this legislation, Mr. CONYERS , and, of course, PETER KINGwho has been absolutely tenacious picking up the good work that Dan Lungren, a former member of Congress and Attorney General of California, had done on this legislation previously. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation, and it has to be signed by the President. I certainly hope—echoing comments of the previous speaker— that the President will, indeed, sign it into law. This bill holds the promise of some measure of justice for the victims of al Qaeda’s horrific terrorist attack on the United States 15 years ago this Sunday. Time has not diminished the suffering of those who have lost loved ones on that day, nor has it brought accountability and, certainly, has not brought closure. This bill aims to change that to some degree by overturning the legal challenges that have stood between the victims and the justice they rightly seek from foreign governments and individuals suspected of financing the 9/11 attacks. I have worked extensively with the 9/11 survivors and the family members. I have worked with the Jersey Girls, as they became known, who pushed so 
hard for the 9/11 Commission that was chaired by my former Governor Tom Kean, who did yeoman’s work to get to the bottom of what happened and what we might do to mitigate such a crisis going forward. Unfortunately, there still are gaps, and this is one of those gaping holes that need to be closed. Here today are some of those family members, many of them widows: Kathy Wisniewski, who works on my staff who lost her son, Alan; Mindy Kleinberg; Lorie Van Auken; Monica Gabrielle; and Carol Ashley are here in the Chamber and have pushed so hard for this legislation. Not here but here in spirit: Kristen Breitweiser, Patty Casazza, and Sheila Martello. Mary and Frank Fetchet also are with us. They lost their son Brad. These are people who have said ‘‘never again’’ needs to mean never again so no other Americans would suffer what they have endured at the loss of their loved ones. This is why this legislation is another major step forward. Look at the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and the impediments that it has placed. As some of my colleagues have said earlier, we just want in court to be able to get at the truth: who was part of the facilitating and the financing of the 9/11 murderers—the terrorists—that killed some 3,000 people, 50 of whom—more than 50 who lived in my own congressional district. This bill also would amend the Anti Terrorism Act of 1987. The bill will open foreign officials to accountability to socalled secondary liability, such as aiding and abetting or conspiring with terrorist perpetrators. These are very commonsense and modest changes to the law that will hopefully get us closer to justice for those who have suffered so much. It is a great bill. Again, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE . PETE KINGhas been absolutely tenacious, and our leadership has heeded those calls and is supportive. I want to thank them for ensuring it came up today prior to the 15th anniversary of that infamous event. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipartisanship of this bill and the emotional but clear discussion that has gone on in support of it. Because of the importance of enacting legislation of this importance and the recognition of the concerns raised, I know that we can continue to work with the administration to resolve these issues so that this measure can be signed into law by the President of the United States. I thank everyone who has participated. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to say, first of all, thank you very much to the ranking member of the committee, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) for working with us on this legislation. I want to congratulate the chief sponsors of the legislation, particularly Congressman KINGof New York who has, as many have said here, been tenacious at pursuing justice. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I wish to join with my colleagues in support of today’s vote on S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA). Next week, our nation will mark the 15th anniversary of the September 11th attacks. The United States suffered an immeasurable tragedy that day, but for the victims and their families, their loss was even more profound. Their lives were irrevocably changed that day, and their road to healing has been made all the more difficult by the questions that remain unanswered and by the justice that has yet to be served. S. 2040, along with its House companion bill H.R. 3815, of which I am a proud cosponsor, would go a long way in providing answers to the victims and their families. In pursuing civil claims against terrorists, as well as those who aided and abetted them, we will be able to ensure greater transparency. The process of trying civil suits in a court of law would bring to light new evidence about how those events came about including identifying the money flows to the hijackers, as well as any connections the perpetrators had to foreign government officials. Ultimately, it will help to provide a more complete story of the September 11th attacks, not only of what happened that day, but also of what happened in the days leading up to them. I have worked over the last number of years with my colleagues Congressman WALTER  JONES and Congressman T HOMAS MASSIE in calling for the declassification of the 28 pages of the Joint Congressional Inquiry into Intelligence Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 2001. In doing so, I have also had the honor and privilege of getting to know some of the families who lost loved ones during the attacks. These families need and deserve answers and justice. Their representatives in Congress should be working tirelessly to give them that. The release of the 28 pages earlier this summer was an important first step in getting answers for the families. Passing JASTA today, and getting it enacted, would be an equally important next step towards getting justice for the victims, survivors and their families. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2040. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained for rollcall vote 495. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 495, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 494, the vote on the Motion to Recommit H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, had I been able to vote, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 495, the vote on Final Passage of H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, had I been able to vote, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
b1215 LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of giving us the schedule for the next week. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. The House will also consider H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, sponsored by Representative MARTHA  MCSALLY . This critical bill will prevent Americans with high healthcare costs from facing a tax increase next year. Additionally, the House will consider H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act, sponsored by Representative JEFFMILLER , which ensures that employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs are held accountable for misconduct or poor performance. This bill will also modernize the disability appeals process to reduce the unacceptable backlog of claims. The House will also consider H.R. 5226, the Regulatory Integrity Act, sponsored by Representative TIM WALBERG , which is a commonsense bill requiring agencies to publish information about proposed regulations on their Web sites. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 5351, sponsored by Representative JACKIE WALORSKI , which prohibits the transfer of any individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that schedule. I won’t discuss any of the bills that the gentleman mentioned on the schedule, but I do want to note a couple of absences. One is, of course, the continuing resolution. As the gentleman knows, after next week where the CR is not included, we have 9 legislative days left before the scheduled adjournment. As the gentleman knows, we have not passed a single appropriations bill. And without finding fault with either side—because I know each side thinks the other side is at fault—the fact remains we have not passed a single appropriations bill. So there is no alternative to a continuing resolution, and we must pass a continuing resolution if the government is going to operate on October 1 in the new fiscal year. The limited number of days in session—9 days after next week. There are reports that the House Republicans are already divided on how long the CR ought to be, whether or not we ought to go into the 115th Congress or not. Representative TOMCOLE was quoted as saying, ‘‘Since we’re all drawing our checks, we ought to actually do our job and get it done’’—meaning the appropriations process and the funding of the government—‘‘and recognize that the next administration and the next Congress are going to have plenty to do and to deal with on their own and not throw additional work at them because we are either too lazy or incompetent to do our work.’’ That is Representative TOMCOLE, one of the senior Members of this body, a former chairman of the campaign committee, and a respected Member of this body. Mr. Leader, I believe we ought to pass a CR as soon as possible, consider it as soon as possible. My own belief is that it ought to be shortterm. I believe many people share that view. Apparently, Senator MCCONNELL shares that view as well. It is my understanding the Senate is going to consider such a CR and send it to us. Obviously, it is our responsibility on fiscal matters under the Constitution to move pieces of legislation. They may well amend theirs into a House bill, as I am sure you know that both sides do from time to time. Can you tell me, A, how long do you expect the CR—first of all, when do you believe we will consider a continuing resolution to fund government past September 30? Secondly, how long do you think that CR will extend? Thirdly, as we did last year, is it your expectation that we will do an omnibus in December in the lameduck? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Well, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I do want to just clarify one of your statements. Surely the gentleman did not mean from the point that no appropriations bills have passed this floor because six have passed. They just have not been sent to the President. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, as the gentleman and I both know, no appropriations bills have been enacted. As I pointed out, forgetting about who is to blame—and I am sure you and I have different perspectives on that—the fact of the matter is they haven’t passed, and they haven’t been signed by the President. When I say ‘‘passed,’’ that’s the Congress. They haven’t passed the Congress, and the President hasn’t signed any. So there is no possibility we are going to pass one or more of those bills. As you know, there are 12 appropriations bills to fund government. We haven’t passed one of them. It doesn’t look like we are going to pass any of them, so we are going to need a CR. So my question relates to the CR. There are three points. I thank the gentleman for clarifying it. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for clarifying. Just one more little clarification, if the gentleman may. All 12 of the appropriations bills have passed out of committee. So it is our desire to finish that work. Yes, it looks as though we will be into a continuing resolution. We have funding up until September 30. It is our intent to have that done before we depart. We will not depart without finishing that work. The duration is up for discussion, and we have been having discussions on both sides of the aisle about that. But as soon as that decision is made, Members will be advised when the floor action is scheduled. But I assure the gentleman it will be done before any Member is departing. Mr. HOYER. Well, I presume that. I presume that the majority—and I will say this, that for whatever reasons— and your party is in control of both the House and the Senate. Yes, we have the Presidency, the Democrats, but no bills have reached his desk. Whether they got out of committee or not, no bills have reached his desk. 
You and I both know getting out of committee means nothing. Nothing happens because it gets out of committee, other than it is eligible to come to the floor. Beyond that, nothing happens with respect to funding government. And your party is in the majority. It is not a question of blame. It is a question of no bill has passed from the Congress to the President of the United States for signature. He hasn’t vetoed any bills because they haven’t gotten to him. So we need to adopt a CR. I think the gentleman is correct that we are not going to go home, I presume, without passing a CR. The government was shut down for 16 days some years ago because we wouldn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act. I don’t presume that is going to happen this time. I certainly hope that we address the CR. It is not scheduled for next week. I am going to discuss another subject in just a second that should have been scheduled, in my view, this week. But we did bills that, frankly, aren’t going to pass or be sent to the President. We spent a full week—otherwise known as 25 percent of the time—that is scheduled for us to be here before the election. Next week, it will make it 50 percent of the time, and still no CR is being brought forward. We left town in July without passing the Senate bill—it passed 68–30, a bipartisan bill—to address the critical health crisis confronting the American people, Zika. You don’t schedule that for next week either on your schedule, Mr. Leader. I am very concerned. I think America is very concerned. Certainly, on this side of the aisle, we are very concerned. I want to make a representation here publicly, so that America will know and you will know, that I am prepared to say that almost everybody in our caucus—I would say ‘‘unanimous,’’ but I haven’t talked to everybody—is ready to pass the bipartisan Senate bill, which passed 68–30, which would appropriate $1.1 billion. Tony Fauci was on the Hill, who is the director of NIH’s NIAID, National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases, which of course Zika falls within the ambit of his expertise and authority. b1230 He has said as of October 1, he is going to have no money to deal with the development of a vaccine. I know the gentleman is as concerned as I am because we have talked about setting up funds for disasters; and this is a health crisis, obviously a disaster. Let me ask the gentleman if he expects Zika funding to come to the floor either with the CR or as a separate bill, and again, I represent to him, I believe every Democrat—I haven’t talked to every Democrat, but I believe every Democrat will support the bipartisan Senate bill which passed 68–30, which appropriates money and has the virtue, unlike the conference report, which the House added poison pill language that they knew neither the Democrats would support in the House nor the Senate nor would the President support, undermining, frankly, the ability to have health services delivered in Puerto Rico to women, the epicenter of the Zika crisis. It should have been no surprise that that was not going to be supported, and the President made it very clear he was not going to support it. We need to reach a compromise. The Senate reached a compromise. I urge the majority leader to address this and bring it to the floor. I tell him, he will have my full support and engagement for the Senate bill, which was a bipartisan bill. I yield to my friend to let us know when he expects to deal with this critical health crisis confronting the American people. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Before I begin, I want to thank the gentleman. At the very beginning of this crisis, you and I sat together. At the very beginning of this crisis, you and I compiled a group of Members on both sides of the aisle with the expertise to deal with it. $600 million quickly went out the door to fight it, to combat it. The Senate approved $1.1 billion. I am somewhat excited to hear that all the Democrats will change their mind now and vote for the bill because I would like to remind the gentleman that in June this House took up this issue because we knew what would happen in the summer. We know what is transpiring in Florida because we predicted that it would because it was already happening in Puerto Rico, but that was not the case on this floor that night. Everyone on the other side said ‘‘no.’’ Well, you know what, in the Senate, they have taken this up three times. Your side of the aisle decided to leave without dealing with this issue. They could have dealt with this issue this week. This is the exact amount of money that the Senate voted for unanimously over there—maybe not unanimously, but bipartisanly. This is not one to play politics with. We did our job here. It is quite ironic that in clarification on your past remark saying Republicans are in the majority here, yes, that is true, and you saw that happen. The rules in the Senate are much different, where it empowers the minority to stop. That is why we are talking about a CR. But this should not be the case. You could have challenged your colleagues in that Senate, in your party, to stop the filibuster, that the people should not have to wait. We have been in those rooms together. I know your desire. When you and I talked about putting the emergency funding together, you know what, that is an appropriations issue. We need this to get done. They need the money. We need to combat it, and we need to continue to monitor it. That is why we dealt with this in June. That is why I have the frustration that I have. Even when we came back this week, the Senate Democrats were in the exact same place they were before. This money goes to the community centers in Puerto Rico, exactly as the President requested. So it is not a time to play politics. It is not a time to get frustrated about a different issue that you had that night so you couldn’t vote ‘‘yes.’’ That is the truth behind this, and that is wrong. Mr. HOYER. I could get very animated in my answer. The fact of the matter is, what the majority leader represents, in my view, is inaccurate. The Senate sent us a bipartisan bill, and because you think you needed to serve some of your most hardline Members, you made it a political bill. And we were not going to take it. We are not going to see you eliminate Planned Parenthood, which overwhelmingly is the—listen to me, Mr. Majority Leader. I listened to you respectfully. The bill eliminated Planned Parenthood services and funding to deliver services in Puerto Rico, the epicenter of this disease. And you put other legislation in that bill you knew was unacceptable to us. The Senate did not do that because they need 60 votes, which means they need to come to a bipartisan agreement. You rejected a bipartisan agreement on your side of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi). The Chair would remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the majority party rejected the bipartisan legislation that came from the Senate with 68 votes. That is more than twothirds of the Senate. Half of the Republicans in the United States Senate passed that bill over to us, and we could have passed it. I know some people said we needed the $1.1 billion, but I will tell you, had you brought that bill to the floor without adding political aspects to it that you knew we would not support, it would have passed. You could have passed it on your own, but you chose to make it a political bill. And we are not going to accept that because the American—you are right, Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve that we deal with this issue now. The President asked for this money on February 22. We are now at September 10, Mr. Speaker, and we have not dealt with this except in a way that, frankly, the majority party knew would not be acceptable, would not be bipartisan, would not pass the Senate, and would not be signed by the President. It is, I say with all due respect, Mr. Majority Leader, not credible to say because we didn’t take what you wanted to jam down our throat when we had an agreement—not everybody agreed. I 
understand some people on my side said, oh, no, 1.1 is not enough, and I frankly don’t think it is enough. But it is a very substantial sum that would enable NIH to pursue vaccines and pursue other matters in Puerto Rico and Florida and other places in this Nation to keep our people safe. So I tell the majority leader, again, bring the bipartisan bill passed to us by the United States Senate with 68 votes. Bring it to the floor as a House bill and we will pass it, and that is why I tell the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, that I believe every Member on my side of the aisle will vote for that, not because they believe $1.1 billion will be sufficient to address this problem. Leader PELOSI makes the very cogent point, Mr. Speaker, the Director of CDC says that it will cost $10 million per child who suffers from microcephaly, which is the result of Zika. Very frankly, in Brazil they found that the results go beyond that. $10 million. If 200 children get microcephaly, that gets to the dollars that the President wants from us to prevent this horrible consequence to the children and to the families of America. So I say with all due respect, Mr. Majority Leader, you can say all you want—and I know the spin: the Democrats in the Senate are holding this up. I do not accept that. I think it is inaccurate. What is holding it up is putting in items in a bill that is absolutely essential, gratuitously, that you know we will object to as opposed to doing what the Senate did, Mr. Speaker, and that is reaching a bipartisan agreement. It is very tough to reach bipartisan agreements in this House because we have a group in this House who wants to wag the dog. And that is not what the American people expect. I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that I have great respect for the majority leader, and he is accurate. We do sit down, we work together, and we can come to bipartisan agreements. We didn’t sit down on this. The conference report was not signed by a single Democrat. There was no doubt that when it came to this House floor, there were no Democrats on that conference report, and we had no debate. Now, one of the reasons we had no debate—I want to make it clear because the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, is going to make that clear as well—was our side, we thought there was another important issue, but the fact of the matter is not whether it was debated. There would have only been 30 minutes a side anyway, a short debate. But the fact of the matter is the majority leader knows that the $1.1 billion bill that the Senate passed, even though it is not the President’s request, would have passed on this floor, and it would pass on this floor today. And NIH and CDC would have the resources, Mr. Speaker, that they need to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, that is what we ought to do. I now yield to my friend, the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman. I think the best thing for the American people is to actually read the bill. So let me just read the section that you referred to, that you stated that no Democrat in Appropriations would sign on to, that no Democrats on the other side wanted to vote for. It referred to a block grant. Let me quote it. This is in the bill dealing with Zika. ‘‘For the funding for health services provided by public health departments, hospitals or reimbursed through public health plans.’’ Seriously, you are opposed to that? That is what you are fighting over while the mosquitoes begin to grow and go beyond State by State? This is what we are fighting over? That $1.1 billion, added with the other $600 million, took place in June. Yeah, we couldn’t get to the floor to debate it because you wouldn’t give us one microphone. But I am sorry, I know there is a lot of politics that goes around here, but this is not. This is the moment, this is the time that we rise above it. The American people do not deserve that, and I say let’s put this paragraph out, let the public read what the bill says, and I will promise you, the majority wants you to vote for it and stop playing games. Mr. HOYER. I understand the majority wants to vote for what they want us to vote for. They don’t want to reach a bipartisan—— Mr. MCCARTHY. You voted against that. Explain. Mr. HOYER. I did vote against that. Mr. MCCARTHY. If the gentleman would please explain to me what—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. HOYER. It is so hard, Mr. Speaker. Mr. MCCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. I will be glad to yield to my friend. I have a comment, but I will yield to him first. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman across the aisle, it is true, we work closely together on the big issues, and we try to find common ground. In that spirit, will you tell me what in that paragraph you disagree with? Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman aware that the major deliverer of health services to women in Puerto Rico is through Planned Parenthood? Is the gentleman aware of that? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Did the President request, when he requested money, that it get delivered that way? Or in here may I remind the gentleman what I am requesting, ‘‘the funding goes for health services provided by public health departments, hospitals, or reimbursed through public health plans.’’ Public health means that is the way the health care is provided, so we are funding the entities that provide the health care, exactly when the President had requested it. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Speaker, that language was clearly designed, as the gentleman knows, as the staff knows, and as has been publicized, to preclude one of the agencies that delivers health care in Puerto Rico from doing so, and that is Planned Parenthood that gets public funds. This is designed, we believe, to restrict it. But let’s put that aside. Let’s say we have a disagreement on that. Let’s accept that. b1245 What the Senate said, if we have disagreements on these things, we are going to pass a bill that gets that money out the door. And they passed it 68–30, which means approximately one half of the Republicans voted for it because—and, very frankly—a predecessor of yours, Mr. BLUNT , was a cosponsor of that bill—one of my very close friends, as you know—along with Mrs. MURRAY . So, they achieved the objective in the United States Senate of doing exactly what I think you are actually correct, Mr. Speaker, in saying, and that is that the people want us to act. It is not on the schedule this week. It is not on the schedule next week. And it ought to be on the schedule for consideration, and it ought to be in a bipartisan way, which means that both you and I could say that, yes, our sides can support this. Without, we have some very significant differences, Mr. Speaker. We all understand that. The American people understand that. And we ought not to try to deal with those in something as critically important. That is what the Senate decided to do. That is what ROYBLUNT decided to do. That is what Senator MURRAY decided to do. And that is what 68 Members of the United States Senate decided to do. Now, let’s, just for the sake of argument, agree that we have a disagreement on the interpretation of what that does, but if we have a disagreement, that means that we are not able to pass that bill. You may disagree with our reasoning, but that is the fact. And that is the conclusion the United States Senate came to, Mr. Speaker. So they did a bill that they could agree on in a bipartisan way. And I tell you, Mr. Speaker—I will reiterate it once again—bring the Senate bill. It wasn’t our bill. This is a BluntMurray bill. Mr. BLUNT is the former majority leader and majority whip and minority whip of the House of Representatives. The Senator from Missouri, a Republican leader in the Senate, sent us a bipartisan bill. Let’s take that bill, and whatever other differences we have, let’s debate them, Mr. Speaker. Those provisions can be brought to the floor separate and apart, without undermining the need to immediately fund the Zika public health efforts. So, I, again, say to my friend, those two issues—and I might also add, perhaps in closing, that we ought to be 
dealing with Flint as well, another public health issue that has been pending, Mr. Speaker, for over a year. Mr. MCCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield, before he goes to a new subject? Mr. HOYER. I would be glad to yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. The only thing I want to clarify here is: Do you believe in debate and having the opportunity for people to air different sides? Mr. HOYER. I do. That is why we didn’t have a lot of debate because we were asking for Mr. KING’s bills to be brought to the floor, as I recall. So I do believe in that. Mr. MCCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield to me? Mr. HOYER. I would be glad to yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. I would ask the gentleman to join with me, then, in requesting that the Democrats on the Senate—the filibuster denies the bill to even come up for debate, let alone it be voted for. So would you not join with me in asking the Democrats to stop playing politics with a filibuster and allow the bill to come up? If the bill fails, the bill fails. But it is not even being allowed to be debated. You were always so good with reading articles, and I don’t know that I have ever read one to you, but I would like to. If you will indulge me. PolitiFact—this is the organization that looks at what we say and tries to put truth to it. This is the headline: ‘‘Democrats Stretch Impact of Planned Parenthood Exclusions in Zika Bill.’’ This is one highlighted: ‘‘The bill also provided funds that would potentially help clinics and hospitals in nearly every municipality on the island.’’ Could we not agree that that is more important than politics? Could we not agree that people are being affected every day and that those who are watching this debate shake their head and wonder why we are even having this fight? In June, we passed a bill. Since that time, Democrats in the Senate will not even allow it to be debated, not even allow it to be debated, to vote it up or vote it down. There is one thing Americans believe in: fairness. And I don’t believe that that is fairness, if you deny a bill from coming forward. If you deny the bill from coming forward, you are blocking it. So, if you want the true definition of what is happening in the Zika battle, it is that those on the other side of the aisle in the Senate are blocking the discussion from even taking place. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, they are not blocking anything. They passed a bill 68–30. They sent it here, and it was blocked from coming to the floor. And it would have passed. If you believe, as you asked me, do I believe, should we consider things, the answer, of course, is yes. And I said, as an aside, PETER KING, the former chairman of the Homeland Security Committee has two bills that are supported by over 85 percent of the American public. Bring them to the floor on the premise, Mr. Speaker, that we ought to debate, consider, and vote. Bring them to the floor. Bring Mr. KING’s bills to the floor. Bring the Senate bill. You know the Senate bill has 68 votes. Mr. Speaker, I will tell the majority leader that, had he brought the Senate bill to the floor—we were precluded from voting on the Senate bill, Mr. Speaker. The majority leader just said, Oh, we ought to bring the bill to the floor. Isn’t that the right thing to do? Well, if it is right for the Senate—and we can’t control the Senate, but we can control the House. And, as a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, as you know, I was the majority leader, and I could decide whether to bring the bills on the floor or not bring them on the floor. The majority leader has that authority. Bring the Senate bill to the floor. If, in fact, as the majority leader just said we ought to have debate, we ought to consider it, and we ought to vote, and if it goes down, fine; if it passes, that is the will of the House—will of the Senate, you said. If that is a good premise in the Senate, it is an even better premise in the House of Representatives. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask my friend, the majority leader, to bring that bill to the floor. Let’s vote on it. That is what he said his premise was and what we were committed to. I agree with him. I don’t like the filibuster. I don’t like the 60vote rule in the Senate, I will tell you that. The 60vote rule undermines democracy. If a bill has 50 percent and a committee reports it out, it ought to come to the floor. I agree with the majority leader on that. And Mr. REIDand I have had some discussions on that. My colleague Senator CARDIN  and I have had some discussions on that. But if it is good for the Senate, it is good for the House. And the House does that. The majority can rule in this House. And if he brings that bill to the floor, it will pass. It will pass on Monday, I guarantee the gentleman. And I know we need to conclude this. In all consideration, Ms. KELLY is coming over to explain to me schedules. But this is serious, and I don’t say this—the majority leader and I do work together. But let’s pass this Zika bill, as the Senate passed it, and then have the arguments on stuff that we don’t agree on. We do agree on the Senate bill, at least to the extent it goes, and there are things that we don’t agree. To make an aside, you stripped the Confederate Flag amendment from the conference report on the MILCON bill because you didn’t want your guys to vote on it. Mr. Speaker, I understand that. That is why it was done. I didn’t like that, but that passed the House, stripped out of the bill, not by the Senate, but by us. But that is an aside. It is an aside because, you are right, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader is right, that doesn’t affect Zika. What affects Zika is that $1.1 billion that we can get to them on Monday, Mr. Speaker. If the majority leader will bring it to the floor, we can pass it on suspension. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the majority leader’s discussion on this matter, but we have some critical issues, Mr. Speaker, that we need to deal with: funding government, getting Zika passed, helping the people in Flint, funding opioids. We passed a bill. It was a good bill. The President signed it. We passed it in a bipartisan way, but we didn’t fund it. Another health crisis. We need to address these critical matters. These other bills may have merit, but they are not a crisis. Mr. Speaker, unless the majority leader wants to say something further, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE  A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 3969. An act to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 2016, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 12, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DOLD). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
9/11 ANNIVERSARY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, Sunday will mark 15 years since the September 11 attacks. Each year, this anniversary seems to sneak up on us faster than it did the year before. September 11 forever changed who we are individually and as a country. It prompted grief, fear, and anger. The images of the Twin Towers collapsing one after the other are just as tragic today as they were a decade and a half ago. The scene of smoke rising from the Pentagon is seared in our memory. The gaping hole left in an open Pennsylvania field is something we will never forget. September 11 also brought stories of courage, hope, and leadership. It tested the resolve of this great Nation. From the brave passengers of Flight 93, who 
quite possibly saved this very building we are standing in today, to the first responders who gave their life to ensure the wellbeing and safety of others. We will never forget the President, who confidently stood on the rubble of collapsed buildings in New York to comfort an uncertain nation. I will always remember the first pitch President Bush threw at Yankee Stadium several weeks later. As tens of thousands of fans looked on, the ball went right down the middle. He threw a perfect strike. It was a symbolic moment. It was symbolic of America’s ability to not only recover from tragedy but reemerge as a greater country than it was before. In God we trust. 
REMEMBERING 9/11 (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, on the steps of the House, we sang ‘‘God Bless America.’’ Standing on those steps some 15 years ago, the searing memory comes back again—the horrific bloodshed, the dividing of families, the loss of lives, the pain, and the tragedy. To those remaining loved ones, I offer my deepest sympathy. And to America: we will never forget. I am grateful that we passed S. 2040 today, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The reason is, our citizens should never be denied the right to enter courts and to petition for justice. As well, the pain needs to be eased. I want to thank those firstresponders. I visited Ground Zero. I have felt that pain. Every year, I think it is important for Americans to understand that we must remember to give honor and respect to those fallen and recognize the values of this Nation. As this legislation makes its way, I am committed to working with the administration in ensuring that all is well. It is important to note today, as we sang ‘‘God Bless America,’’ we honored those families still in pain by passing S. 2040, Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. God bless America. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in recognizing and commemorating the 15th anniversary of the attacks on our homeland on September 11, 2001. This Sunday will mark the 15th year since that day our nation faced the greatest loss of life on U.S. soil from an enemy attack since the attack on Pearl Harbor. The years that have passed since that day have not dimmed my memory or diminished my resolve to see an end to terrorism not only in the United States, but around the world. As a Member of Congress and a senior Member of the Committees on Homeland Security and the Judiciary, both of which deal with national security issues, I have long been committed and engaged in efforts to develop policies that anticipate and respond to new and emerging challenges to the security of our nation and the peace and safety of the world. I will never forget September 11, 2001 when 2,977 men, women and a children were murdered by 19 hijackers who took commercial aircraft and used them as missles. I stood on the East Front steps of the Capitol on September 11, 2001, along with 150 members of the House of Representatives and sang ‘‘God Bless America. September 11, 2001 remains a tragedy that defines our nation’s history, but the final chapter will be written by those who are charged with keeping our nation and its people safe while preserving the way of life that terrorists seek to change. I visited the site of the World Trade Center Towers in the aftermath of the attacks and grieved over the deaths of so many of our men, women, and children. I want to thank and commend the work of our first responder community on that day and every day since September 11 for their efforts to protect their communities and our nation from acts of terrorism. I watched as thousands of first responders, construction workers, and volunteers worked to recover the remains of the dead, and removed the tons of debris, while placing their own lives and health at risk. The men and women who worked at ‘‘Ground Zero’’ were called by a sense of duty to help in our nation’s greatest time of need since the bombing of Pearl Harbor. There is unfinished work for those first responders who were injured or suffered illnesses during and after the September 11, 2001 attacks. September 11 will forever remain a part of our national memory and for those who serve in Congress a clarion call to be vigilant against those who would do our nation harm. To respond to the medical needs of the thousands of people who became ill from exposure to the toxic environment at Ground Zero, Congress passed the James Zadroga September 11 Care Act (9/11 Care Act), which provides rescue and recover workers with health care to treat the conditions that resulted from their exposure to toxic dust after the terror attack. Under the leadership of President Obama, Bin Laden was found and killed. President Obama accepted, and succeeded in the mission to bring justice to those responsible for the carnage of September 11, 2001. Today, let us remember those who perished on this awful day 14 years ago, and rededicate ourselves to honoring their sacrifice by doing all we can to protect our homeland and all who dwell peaceably therein. 
BIRTHDAY CARDS FOR AVA (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, everyone, meet Ava. Ava hails from Bondurant, Iowa, and is turning 11 years old next week. She is the beautiful daughter of Kris and Joni Hutchinson. Something you should know about Ava? Ava is a warrior. She is a fighter. She also is battling brain cancer. Now, cancer is not new to Ava. It is something she has fought as a toddler. The battle began again, though, for Ava this summer. Ava has faced the heartbreaking realities and struggles in her fight against cancer that many folks are lucky enough to never encounter in their lifetime, but Ava is strong, Ava is brave, and Ava is an inspiration to us all. She makes us all smile—everyone she has met. With her 11th birthday quickly approaching, you may be asking yourself: What does she wish for? Ava wants a birthday card from you—anyone—everyone who would like to send one. Folks from across the country and around the world are sending birthday cards for Ava. Of the cards, she said: I like getting them because I know people are praying for me and thinking about me every day. Let’s help make Ava’s birthday one to remember. I encourage all who can— everybody—to take part in this outpouring of love and support for Ava. Anyone can send a card to Ava at: cards for Ava, 104 9th Street SE, Altoona, Iowa 50009. The address is right here. Mr. Speaker, today, let us take a moment to send our thoughts and prayers to Ava and her family. Let us wish Ava a happy birthday. The best one is yet to come. Happy birthday, Ava. f 
b1300 CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO ITS JOB NOW AND FULLY FUND ZIKA (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to stop playing around with people’s lives and fully fund the fight against Zika now. For my home State, Florida, at stake is the future of our newborns, our tourism jobs, and the hopes and dreams of folks like Andrew and Christina Rosebrough. For the past 9 years, they have battled the ups and downs of infertility, seen numerous doctors, spending thousands of dollars on treatments and drugs. After years of heartache and disappointment, they actually gave up; and then their own miracle, Christina became pregnant. They were elated. They were excited. But now their joy is tempered by anxiety and trepidation. Christina has to stay confined to her home, scared of that poisonous mosquito that would devastate her baby’s brain. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to do its job now and fully fund Zika. 
HONORING THE KENNEWICK AMERICAN YOUTH BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the remarkable achievements of the Kennewick American Youth baseball team, the reigning U.S. champions. The Kennewick American team won the United States Division of the Cal Ripken World Series Tournament to become the U.S. champions. They then finished second in the world, competing against the best young baseball talent from around the world. Kennewick’s own Simeon Howard was named the MVP of the U.S. side of the tournament, while setting a tournament record for hits. With the support of their families and local community, Kennewick American concluded its season with an impressive 36 and 5 record, while becoming the first team from the Pacific Northwest to ever reach the championship game. This is an incredible achievement for the State of Washington as well as the Pacific Northwest. I am proud to represent these young men in Congress. I congratulate the players and their coach, Bryan Knapik, on their tremendous success and look forward to following their run next season. 
HEAR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, after Orlando, the largest mass shooting in our history, Democrats focused the Congress and the country on the urgent need to expand background checks. Many jurisdictions, including the Nation’s Capital, have strong gun safety laws, but they are countermanded daily by congressional failure to pass national legislation to keep criminals from bringing guns from neighboring jurisdictions. Eightyone percent of the American people support background checks before purchase of a deadly weapon. They want Congress to check the recent spike in gun violence nationwide. They want us to pass H.R. 1217, our bipartisan background check bill. Hear the American people. 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF LIEUTENANT ROBERT HESS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Lieutenant Robert Hess, a resident of Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District. Lieutenant Hess was recently chosen by the Military Chaplains Association to receive its Distinguished Service Award, which annually recognizes excellent chaplains in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Veterans Affairs, and Civil Air Patrol. Lieutenant Hess was born in Lock Haven and joined the Navy after graduating from Lock Haven High School in 1990. As a member of the Navy, he has traveled extensively during his service, including time spent in Spain, France, England, Slovenia, Germany, Greece, and the Netherlands. He is currently attached to the Destroyer Squadron, DESRON 60. Lieutenant Hess also spent several years as a civilian pastor before being recalled to Active Duty after the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, which, of course, occurred 15 years ago this Sunday. As an Army dad, I have the deepest respect for our servicemen and women, including those such as Lieutenant Hess, who work every day to counsel, teach, and minister to the spiritual needs of those servicemembers. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE VICTIMS OF SEPTEMBER 11, 2001 (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I love my country, and I rise today to pay tribute to those who lost their lives on 9/11. It has been a very painful thing for those of us who love our country. But notwithstanding all of the pain that I and the many others endure, it is not the same pain as those who have loved ones who made a transition on that day. So today I rise in honor of those who made the transition, those who went forward when others were running away. I salute those who are willing to stand and secure this country. I salute the police officers. I salute the military. I thank them for their service. I also want to honor those who lost their lives, and I have great sympathy for those who survived and the family members. I ask for a moment of silent prayer. Mr. Speaker, I know that there are still people who are willing to go into harm’s way to make the ultimate sacrifice so that we can have a better quality of life in the freest country in the world. 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SHASTA LIVESTOCK AUCTION (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 50th anniversary of the Shasta Livestock Auction, located in Cottonwood, California, which was opened in 1966 by Ellington Peek and his wife, Betty, and family. Ellington is well known in California agriculture. He was named Tehama County’s first Cattleman of the Year, California Livestock Man of the Year, and an inductee into the Cowboy Hall of Fame. In May, the Shasta Historical Society presented a program commemorating the auction yard, and while it tells a lot about the business, it also focuses on the person Ellington is that has made him so successful—an honest, hardworking man who represents the epitome of the American story. Around the time Ellington Peek began buying and selling cattle at his yard, the industry started experiencing a lot of ups and downs in the market, forcing many ranchers out of the business. Refusing to give up, he took his business on the road, busing prospective buyers and sellers to different ranches and showing available cattle up on a slide show for purchase. Later, this innovative model that was such a success ultimately led him to the business of video auction, starting the Western Video Market, with one of the first auctions selling over 25,000 head of cattle. This innovation and vision not only gave California and Western cattlemen access to a national marketplace, but entirely changed the market. Today, it is a very viable and strong and thriving enterprise, the Shasta Livestock Auction, with the video market. So I just want to say thank you to the Peeks; and also remembering their son they lost a few years ago, Andy, and what that means to that family operation and what it means, this anniversary of the 50th, to all of us in northern California. f 
CONGRATULATING UNITED LAUNCH ALLIANCE FOR ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL SPACE LAUNCH (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the men and women of United Launch Alliance on another successful space launch on Thursday. United Launch Alliance, or ULA, is headquartered in Centennial, Colorado, and has provided assured access to space since 2006. ULA’s most recent launch propelled NASA’s OSIRISREx into space. The payload will travel to a nearEarth asteroid called Bennu, map the chemical elements on the asteroid’s surface, and then return a sample to Earth in 2023. This launch marks ULA’s 111th consecutive successful space launch. This amazing success record is a testament to the hard work of ULA’s dedicated team of professionals. Congratulations on a job well done. 
NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION WEEK (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because this week is National Suicide Prevention Week. Studies have shown that roughly 90 percent of people who commit suicide struggled with mental illness. In July, with enormous bipartisan support, the House passed the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act to tackle our Nation’s mental health crisis. In recognition of this week, I believe the Senate should immediately take up this very important piece of legislation. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, veterans who have served our Nation are even more at risk. The disturbing reality is that far too many of our veterans who fought for our freedom are not truly free when they return home. We cannot be bystanders as our Nation’s heroes struggle with mental illness and suicide. That is why we passed and signed into law the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which prioritizes mental health care for our veterans. But there is still so much work to be done to reach out to those who may need our help. Together, we can and must erase the stigma surrounding suicide and mental health. 
REPLACE LEAD PIPES (Mr. TED LIEU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, it has been 2 years since the people of Flint were able to turn on their faucets and get clean water, and Congress has not acted to help the people of Flint. That is a travesty and an injustice, and the issues since then have gotten even worse, not just for the people of Flint, but across America. Multiple reports indicate that now at least 29 States have issues with lead in their drinking water. We need an investment for infrastructure that is not only going to help people no longer get poisoned, but also create new jobs. That is why, on the House Budget Committee, I introduced an amendment to increase, by over $3 billion, the funding to the State’s Clean Water Revolving Fund to help local municipalities upgrade and replace lead pipes. There is now new technology such as plastic PVC pipes that do not leach lead that are safe. They are less expensive. Cities and municipalities and States across the Nation should be investing in plastic pipes to deliver leadfree water to our residents. It is my hope that Congress acts on this soon. 
CONGRATULATING UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN INDIANA’S COLLEGE OF NURSING AND HEALTH PROFESSIONS (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, the University of Southern Indiana’s College of Nursing and Health Professions received the firstever Nexus Award from the National Center for Interprofessional Practice and Education in August. The Nexus Award is a prestigious national honor that recognizes the interprofessional, teambased approaches that connect higher education and health care with goals to transform healthcare delivery, improve health outcomes, and decrease costs. I have personally toured USI’s healthcare programs and met with the college’s leadership as recently as last month, and I have long supported USI’s work to fill healthcare delivery gaps, including serving urban and rural populations that would otherwise not receive primary healthcare services. Congratulations to USI Dean Dr. Ann White, as well as the professors and students, for this outstanding national recognition. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pursuant to House Resolution 842, the House adjourned until Monday, September 12, 2016, at noon, for morning hour debate, out of respect to the victims of the terrorist attacks. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5523. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a postseizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–730, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5111. A bill to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–731). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1301. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur service communications; with amendments (Rept. 114–732). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5104. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to circumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–733). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 670. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicaid rules regarding supplemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those beneficiaries, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–734). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3299. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure preparedness for chemical, radiological, biological, and nuclear threats, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–735). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5523 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself and Mr. DEFAZIO): H.R. 5977. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Congress advance notice of certain announcements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, and Mr. R OUZER ): H.R. 5978. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to clarify the funtions of the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. CARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 5979. A bill to ensure consideration of water intensity in the Department of Energy’s energy research, development, and demonstration programs to help guarantee efficient, reliable, and sustainable delivery of energy and clean water resources; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. POLIQUIN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. GALLEGO , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. DELAURO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. HONDA , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. JONES , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5980. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of serviceconnection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5981. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the provision of medical services to aliens present in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 5982. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HENSARLING (for himself, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. DUFFY ): H.R. 5983. A bill to create hope and opportunity for consumers, investors, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the DoddFrank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Transportation and Infrastructure, Rules, the Budget, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself and Mr. HUNTER ): H.R. 5984. A bill to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5985. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5986. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to ensure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eligible for disaster relief; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5987. A bill to provide for recreational access for floating cabins on the Tennessee River System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. WOODALL , and Ms. E STY): H.R. 5988. A bill to provide penalties for countries that systematically and unreasonably refuse or delay repatriation of certain 
nationals and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. D IAZBALART , and Mr. VEASEY ): H.R. 5989. A bill to provide for continuing cooperation between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. PEARCE ): H.R. 5990. A bill to grant the Congressional Gold Medal to the troops who defended Bataan during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Mr. FOSTER ): H.R. 5991. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to risk based examinations of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. POE of Texas: H. Con. Res. 150. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that child safety is the first priority of custody and visitation adjudications, and that state courts should improve adjudications of custody where family violence is alleged; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. HARRIS ): H. Con. Res. 151. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that every effort should be made to assist in the reconstruction and development of communities against whom the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has committed acts of genocide, war crimes, or crimes against humanity as determined by the United States Government; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. HARRIS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. PITTS): H. Con. Res. 152. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States and the international community should support the Republic of Iraq and its people to recognize a province in the Nineveh Plain region, consistent with lawful expressions of selfdetermination by its indigenous peoples; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. JOYCE , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. COOPER , and Ms. D ELAURO ): H. Res. 854. A resolution supporting State, local, and community initiatives to encourage parents, teachers, camp counselors, and childcare professionals to take measures to prevent sunburns in the minors they care for, and expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that State, local, and community entities should continue to support efforts to curb the incidences of skin cancer beginning with childhood skinprotection; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. PERRY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. ZINKE, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois): H. Res. 855. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives to remember and honor the members of the United States Armed Forces, veterans, and military families who served in the aftermath of September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Res. 856. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 12, 2016, through September 18, 2016, as ‘‘Balance Awareness Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
295. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 36, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 5977. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 5978. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes) and Clause 14 (to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces). By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5979. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 5980. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5981. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 5982. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and, Article I, Section 5, Clause 2, of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the powers of each House of Congress to determine the rules of its proceedings. By Mr. HENSARLING: H.R. 5983. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (‘‘To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures’’); Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 (‘‘To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States’’); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’). By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 5984. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5985. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5986. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5987. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 5988. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5989. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 5990. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 379: Mr. DOGGETT , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 532: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 563: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 800: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 814: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 842: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 846: Ms. GRAHAM and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 921: Mr. HIMES and Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi. H.R. 1220: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 1343: Mr. COHEN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1399: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 1439: Mr. WALZand Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1441: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1460: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1538: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1559: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 1571: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1594: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 1708: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1969: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2050: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 2142: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 2293: Mr. BECERRA . H.R. 2368: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. BECERRA , and Ms. E STY. H.R. 2715: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 2716: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 2799: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2846: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2902: Mr. BECERRA , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3061: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 3068: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3099: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. L ORETTA  SANCHEZ of California, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3185: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3235: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3268: Mr. BECERRA . H.R. 3323: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 3378: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3455: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 3520: Mr. KING of New York, Mr. POCAN , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 3522: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3599: Mr. JONES . H.R. 3666: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3721: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3742: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3815: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 3913: Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 3952: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , H.R. 3991: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4113: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 4479: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 4514: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4526: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 4537: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 4615: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD and Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4621: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4773: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 4919: Mr. TIBERI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4938: Mr. FARR, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5002: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5109: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5122: Mr. LANCE and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5166: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 5180: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5204: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5215: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 5256: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Miss RICEof New York, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. DELBENE, and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 5258: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 5271: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5275: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 5292: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 5321: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 5337: Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 5348: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 5351: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. P ALMER, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. B UCK, Mr. HILL, and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 5361: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 5365: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5418: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 5428: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5440: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 5493: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5499: Mr. HURDof Texas. H.R. 5501: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. JONES . H.R. 5518: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5519: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5568: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5620: Mr. KLINE. H.R. 5632: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5650: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 5708: Mr. SALMON . H.R. 5721: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 5732: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 5756: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5785: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 5836: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5859: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5867: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5879: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 5904: Mr. BURGESS , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. BABIN. H.R. 5931: Mr. BURGESS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. FLORES , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi gan, Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. O LSON , Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 5941: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 5942: Mr. HECK of Washington, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 5946: Mr. TURNER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. PERRY , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5948: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. BERA, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. HAHN, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. BASS, Mr. M CCARTHY , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  of California, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. COOK, Mr. F ARR, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. COSTA . H.R. 5951: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 5958: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5961: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. V ARGAS . H. J. Res. 94: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. S TIVERS. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. S TIVERS . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H. Con. Res. 149: Mr. KATKO , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. MILLER of Florida, and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H. Res. 28: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 220: Mr. MULVANEY . H. Res. 590: Mr. TONKO . H. Res. 617: Mr. BURGESS . H. Res. 729: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 762: Mr. PALLONE . H. Res. 829: Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. GIBSON , and Mr. W ALZ. H. Res. 840: Mr. VEASEY . H. Res. 848: Mr. POCAN . H. Res. 850: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. BENISHEK . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. MILLER OF FLORIDA  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in H.R. 5620 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 5 by Mrs. LOWEY on H.R. 5044: Mr. Murphy of Florida. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 7, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes: 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to this bill. I offered an amendment to rename it Another Wall Street Request to Avoid Accountability for Fraud. But, my amendment for a more accurate title was not accepted. Today, the majority wants to defund the organizations and attorneys that help people have a fighting chance against deeppocketed multinational corporations and banks. Mr. Speaker, Congress returns after a sevenweek district work period. During that time, I held many constituent meetings. Not one person asked me to weaken regulations on hedge fund managers or Wall Street bankers. And yet, Wall Street requests are what the majority prioritized for our first week back. This bill would defund the network of housing counselors and legal aid attorneys who help homeowners facing foreclosure. Homeowners who were tricked into buying a home with teaser rates that exploded into unaffordable payments. Homeowners who deserved a chance to catch up after a missed payment or two but were unable to get a response from their lender. And homeowners like Alan Schroit. Alan, a retired cancer researcher, visited his rental house in Galveston, Texas. He found the locks had been changed, the electricity shut off and a notice on the door said Bank of America was foreclosing on his home. Alan did not have a mortgage with Bank of America. Alan didn’t even have a mortgage. His home was paid off. It took him 30 days to get someone at Bank of America to call him back. Homeowners like Nilly Mauck who lost all her possessions when a company mistakenly evicted her instead of her neighbor. Or homeowners like Charlie and Maria Cardoso who bought their retirement home with cash in 2005. While they continued living in their primary home, they rented their retirement home out. Their tenants came home one day to find the house cleared of all the possessions—again by Bank of America. Nilly, Alan and Charlie and Maria’s foreclosures were some of thirteen million between 2006–2010. Far too many of them were fraudulent, people foreclosed on by firms who did not have clear title to the property. A significant number of these foreclosures could have been prevented if the lenders involved had followed the law. The new book, Chain of Title, by David Dayen reports that across our nation, homeowners who should have received assistance with a loan modification, or allowed to cure a delinquency, instead were hit with outrageous late fines, sold overpriced forcedplaced insurance, punished with monthly property inspection and other junk fees. Using robosigning, their eviction papers were signed by people who had no ownership of the loan. Congress and the states demanded change. Legal settlements pursued by the Department of Justice, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the banking regulators and the states made sure that people have a fighting chance against deeppocketed multi national corporations. And yes, to correct this massive wrongdoing required that Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Ally Financial and others pay fines. Some of those fines supported nonprofit agencies who knew how to get banks to respond to homeowners and follow the law. The funds supported legal aid attorneys who knew how to ensure the banking doing the eviction actually had a right to the property. When lenders foreclose on the wrong people, or lie about their ownership of a mortgage, there should be consequences. When we require banks to fund housing counseling and legal aid agencies, we leveled the playing field. We realized it was unfair to require each individual person to figure out the unresponsive, complicated and too often predatory home mortgage market on their own. I oppose gutting initiatives to help homeowners, small business owners and families do battle with global corporations who have defrauded them out of their home or business, polluted their water or land or harmed their health. Therefore I will oppose H.R. 5063. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 8, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of conservative icon and founder of the Eagle Forum Phyllis Schlafly. Phyllis Schlafly was a courageous and determined leader who spent her entire adult life fighting for America and our traditional family values. She stood up and spoke up when others did not. She was a fearless and outspoken defender of the unborn—and a leading voice in protecting America’s sovereignty and supporting the U.S. military. Until her final day on Earth, Phyllis Schlafly fought tirelessly for these commonsense principles and the conservative foundations that have made America strong. She never stopped exposing the absurdity of the liberal left and the appalling failures of the policies they advocate. Often referred to as the ‘‘First Lady of the Conservative Movement,’’ Phyllis Schlafly’s leadership, candor and tenacity was a breath of fresh air—and it will be greatly missed. While we have lost a powerful voice and advocate for the American people, we can be certain that Phyllis Schlafly’s tremendous pride in America and passion for the conservative movement will undoubtedly live on and continue to inspire future conservative leaders for generations to come. My thoughts and prayers are with the entire Schlafly family during this very difficult time. On behalf of the many Americans she inspired, we say thank you. f 
INTRODUCING THE IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE RELIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce H.R. 5961, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2016. Since ISIS’ blitzkrieg across the multiethnic and religiously diverse mosaic of eastern Syria and western Iraq in 2014, I have chaired four hearings focused on the implications of this appalling advance for religious and ethnic minorities in those areas. Events in the region and the expert testimony of witnesses quickly revealed that ISIS was not merely focused on territorial conquest—the group was ideologically committed to exterminating ancient religious communities and cleansing its selfproclaimed caliphate of anything but its vicious and fundamentalist interpretation of Islam. Many of my colleagues and I were certain early on that ISIS was committing genocide. We pressed the Administration to formally acknowledge that fact until the Secretary of State did so in March of this year. But the most pressing question issue has always been the lives of those religious minorities right now that face extinction under this tyranny of terror. The Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2016 is an answer to the question of what the United States can do to mitigate this suffering, save lives, and build a more sustainable future for Syria and Iraq. The bill tackles this overwhelming challenge on three fronts by directing the Administration to take additional measures to improve the lives of displaced genocide survivors, provide some of them with an additional lifeline to escape their war torn lands, and support efforts that will help preserve the presence of religious minority communities in those areas for years to come. In a hearing this May that I chaired called ‘‘The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?’’ 
Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus—who has been a leader in drawing attention to the plight of Christians in this conflict—testified that ‘‘Repeatedly we hear from Church leaders in the region that Christians—and other genocide survivors—are last in line for assistance from governments.’’ We can and must do better. To that end, H.R. 5961 requires the Administration to assess and address the humanitarian vulnerabilities, needs, and triggers to flee, of religious and ethnic communities that were targeted for genocide or otherwise severely persecuted. It directs the Administration to fund entities that are effectively providing assistance to these communities and guarantees that faithbased organizations on the ground are not excluded from U.S. assistance. One such example is the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil, which provides assistance to internally displaced families of Yezidis, Muslims, and Christians, including food and resettlement from tents to permanent housing, as well as rental assistance, for Yezidis, medical care and education to Yezidis and Muslims through its clinics, schools, and university—which are open to everyone. The Archdiocese provides some form of each of these kinds of assistance to all of the estimated 10,500 internally displaced Christian families in the greater Erbil region. Yet as it provides these critical services, it has not received a single penny from any government. H.R. 5961 is clear that the Administration must be supporting entities, regardless of whether they are faithbased, that are heroically providing assistance to genocide survivors on the ground. In recognition of the extraordinary suffering of these religious and ethnic communities, and their extraordinary vulnerability to persecution, H.R. 5961 requires the Administration to create a Priority Two, or ‘‘P–2,’’ visa category of special humanitarian concern that would provide one additional avenue for genocide survivors to seek resettlement in the United States through the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program. It is important to note that this is not a ‘‘fast track’’ to resettlement—P–2 applicants undergo the same security screening as all refugee applicants. But this special category allows them to access an overseas interview wherever the United States interviews refugee applicants, without needing a referral from the UN, an NGO, or a US Embassy, as is usually the case. This bill also addresses a critical factor that will influence the continued presence of smaller, vulnerable religious communities in Syria and Iraq beyond this conflict: accountability for those who perpetrate heinous crimes against them. H.R. 5961 directs the Administration to prioritize supporting the criminal investigation, prosecution, and conviction of perpetrators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. These efforts will be focused on funding and supporting entities that are conducting criminal investigations, building Syrian and Iraqi investigative and judicial capacity, or collecting and preserving evidence for eventual use in domestic courts, hybrid courts, or internationalized domestic courts. Whether they are members of the Assad regime, ISIS, or some of the Popular Mobilization Brigades in Iraq, there can be no impunity for individuals who committed these dreadful crimes. H.R. 5961 also directs the Administration to identify gaps in our criminal statutes to facilitate the prosecution of American perpetrators, and nonAmericans present in the United States, of crimes against humanity and war crimes. Without accountability, without humanitarian assistance reaching these religious and ethnic communities, we risk losing the invaluable, ancient presence of these communities in these countries altogether. This will feed violent extremism and dim the future of Iraq and Syria. I urge my House colleagues to support this measure that will deliver immediate assistance to genocide survivors, help prosecute and punish perpetrators, and invest in a sustainable future for these persecuted religious and ethnic communities in the lands in which they have lived for so many generations. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Mr. Ed Morlan of Bayfield, Colorado. Ed has worked tirelessly for decades to grow the economy of Southwest Colorado and provide opportunities for countless families in his community to succeed and prosper. Ed’s life of service started before his work in local economic development when he fought for his country in three tours in Vietnam. For his actions he received a Purple Heart and a Silver Star. Returning from Vietnam, Ed set his sights on making a difference in his community, becoming a town board member of Bayfield, CO, for five terms while also working with the Region 9 Economic Development District of Southwest Colorado, a nonprofit organization that supports business startups, that has given more than $19 million to advance growth and opportunity in the region which encompasses five counties and two Indian Reservations. Through his hard work over 27 years, as Executive Director of Region 9—a fledgling organization with a $30,000 deficit when Ed took over in 1989. Ed has overseen an expansion of the organization that now boasts an operating budget of close to $2 million dollars and has for decades been instrumental in the economic health of Southwest Colorado. The mining industry in Silverton, CO has faced several rounds of layoffs in recent decades. Ed’s work with Region 9 has helped to offset many of these negative impacts by creating a thriving environment for small businesses. Through the years, under Ed’s direction, Region 9 has assisted businesses from hardware stores, to ski areas, and even an animal hospital. Mr. Speaker, Ed Morlan is an outstanding citizen of Colorado’s Third Congressional District. He embodies the spirit of entrepreneurship and commitment to community that makes this such a special place to live. Without Ed’s hard work, many rural businesses would not be thriving today. Although Ed is retiring from Region 9, he plans on continuing to help the community. On behalf of the people of Colorado’s Third District I want to thank Ed for his work, and service to his country and community. We wish him the very best in his future endeavors. CELEBRATING ‘‘EDDIE GAEDEL DAY’’ HON. DENNY HECK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call the attention of my House colleagues to one of the most unusual careers in our national pastime of baseball, one that began and ended with just one trip to the plate at Sportsman’s Park in St. Louis on August 19, 1951. In the bottom of the first inning, during the second game of a Sunday afternoon doubleheader against the Detroit Tigers, the St. Louis Browns sent a pinch hitter to the plate, 3′7′′ Eddie Gaedel, whose 65 pound weight made him the shortest and lightest player in Major League Baseball history. Wearing the uniform of the Browns nine year old batboy, Eddie drew a walk on four straight pitches from Detroit pitcher Bob Cain, and was replaced by a pinch runner. His one day professional baseball career came to an abrupt halt several days later when American League president Will Harridge voided Gaedel’s contract. Nevertheless, his place in baseball history was preserved in the record books as one of the only players to have a perfect 1.000 on base percentage for his entire career. Eddie Gaedel’s autograph is now worth more than Babe Ruth’s, and the bat he used in the game recently sold at auction for over fifty thousand dollars. St. Louis Browns owner Bill Veeck promised Eddie Gaedel immortality when he signed him to a contract to play for the Browns. In Spokane, WA, an organization works annually to help Eddie achieve the immortality he was promised. Founded in 2011 at O’Doherty Irish Grille and Pub, the Eddie Gaedel Society, Spokane Chapter No. 1 has launched a national campaign to make each August 19th ‘‘Eddie Gaedel Fan Appreciation Day’’ in ballparks everywhere. The club is also seeking Eddie Gaedel’s induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame, where his jersey bearing the number 1/8 was displayed for many years before being returned to St. Louis, where it now hangs in the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame and Museum. I am a proud honorary member of that organization. Several years ago, Spokane Mayor David Condon declared August 19, ‘‘Eddie Gaedel Day’’ and St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay did so this year, the sixtyfifth anniversary of Eddie Gaedel’s one day, four pitch baseball career. In addition, the St. Louis Cardinals have made their home game on Friday, September 9, ‘‘Eddie Gaedel Bobblehead Night,’’ and will give away thirty thousand of the miniature statues of baseball’s smallest player to fans who attend their home game against the Milwaukee Brewers. Of particular note is the fact that the St. Louis Browns batboy who literally gave Eddie Gaedel the shirt off his back in August of 1951 so he could go to bat, Bill DeWitt, Jr., is now principal owner of the St. Louis Cardinals. His son, Bill DeWitt III, is the team president. The DeWitt family’s involvement in professional baseball in both St. Louis and other cities stretches back over one hundred years. Bill DeWitt, Sr. sold the St. Louis Browns to Bill Veeck only weeks before Eddie came up to bat, and was serving as the team’s general manager at the time. 
Several days after his one day career ended, Eddie Gaedel told a sportswriter ‘‘Any young fellow dreams of being a big leaguer— and that’s what I consider myself. I’ve got a Browns uniform with No. 1/8 on the back, a glove, and a contract. I’ve spent all my life in Chicago and never played ball, but I’ve always wanted to. I made up for it by becoming a red hot fan. I’ve followed the game for years.’’ Mr. Speaker, Eddie Gaedel was the one and only red hot fan who ever appeared in a Major League Baseball game, drawing a walk to first base and into the record books. On this sixtyfifth anniversary of his historic achievement, I join with his many fans in Spokane, St. Louis, and around the baseball world in a tip of the cap to the immortal Eddie Gaedel. Take a walk, Eddie. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Kayl Auch. Kayl is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1376, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Kayl has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Kayl has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Kayl has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Kayl built a tennis backboard located at Bennett Park in Liberty, Missouri, to allow people to practice tennis by themselves, along with providing the Liberty North High School tennis team the use of this facility during their practice times and during the offseason. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Kayl Auch for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Daniel Leonard, of Mount Ayr, Iowa for earning the Gold Medal in ‘‘Electrical Construction Wiring’’ at the 2016 SkillsUSA competition. SkillsUSA is a collaborative effort among students, instructors and industry representatives to ensure the nation has a skilled workforce. The purpose of this championship is to reward students for excellence, involve industry professionals in directly evaluating students’ performance and keep training relevant to employers’ needs today. Daniel Leonard received the highest score ever awarded at this competition. He is a 2009 graduate of Mount Ayr High School, and earned his Associate of Arts degree from Southwestern Community College in Creston in 2011, completing his Associate of Applied Science degree in electrical technology in 2015. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Daniel Leonard demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them with the world. His efforts embody the Iowa spirit. I am honored to represent Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Daniel Leonard for his achievements and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Daniel Foster. Daniel is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 378, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Daniel has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Daniel has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Daniel has led his troop as the patrol leader on two separate occasions. Daniel has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Daniel collected stuffed animals and blankets for a shelter in the Kansas City area for children who have been removed from abusive situations. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Daniel Foster for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of my constituent, Ann Johnson, a recipient of the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. This prestigious award is administered by the National Science Foundation on behalf of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and recognizes outstanding teachers across the country for their contributions to the teaching of mathematics and science. Ms. Johnson was awarded the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching for her dedication and work at the Sageville Elementary School in Dubuque, Iowa. Teachers like Ann enable students to realize their potential and pave the path for the next generation of doctors, engineers, and innovators. On behalf of the Dubuque community and the First District of Iowa, I sincerely thank Ann for her commitment to educating our children in mathematics and science. Congratulations on this impressive award. I am proud to represent Ann, an extraordinary educator, in Congress. f 
RECOGNIZING THE DOPE PROJECT FOR INSPIRING MESSAGE ABOUT FLINT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing The Dope Project for the educational opportunities it has provided to Flint high school students. The Dope Project was founded in 2013 by Fred Walker to teach youth how to be business leaders of tomorrow. The Dope Project stands for The Development of Positive Energy Project. TDP allows high school students to interact with business leaders as if they were in the real workplace. The program offers sixweek workshops to teach business, leadership, and life skills to students as well as expose them to future career opportunities. The most recent TDP workshop created a commercial for the city of Flint. The commercial was created by Flint teenagers and sends an inspiring message about unity. The message of the video focuses on fighting against labels and not giving up on the city of Flint. It is my honor to represent such active and inspiring young members of our community. The message shared by these Flint students and TDP instills hope in the community of Flint and anyone who views their video. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work done by The Dope Project, Mr. Walker, and all the students involved in the program for their hard work and the services they have provided for the City of Flint. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donald and Marilyn Roberts on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. Donald and Marilyn were married in the summer of 1951 and make their home in Stuart, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this lovely couple on their 65 years of life together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Golden State Farm Credit for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Ag Supporter of the Year award at the 2016 Kings County Salute to Ag Banquet. Golden State Farm Credit has been dedicated to lending to farmers, ranchers, and agribusiness for ninety years, despite difficult economic climate. It is the largest financial service provider in California’s Central Valley. Golden State Farm Credit is a strong supporter of the agriculture industry and has helped Central Valley Farmers purchase real estate, develop property, and expand dairy facilities. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing and congratulating Golden State Farm Credit for its service to Kings County and for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Ag Supporter of the Year award at the 2016 Kings County Salute to Ag Banquet. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Claressa Shields for her history making accomplishments as an athlete and Olympian, and continued commitment to the State of Michigan and to my hometown of Flint, Michigan. Introduced to boxing at a young age, Claressa has built an impressive career that boasts, among many victories in national and world championships, two successive gold medals from the 2012 Olympics in London and 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. This feat makes her the first American, male or female, to win backtoback gold medals in Boxing. On August 23, 2016, upon her return from the Games of the XXXI Olympiad in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, my home town of Flint welcomed home Claressa Shields in a celebration to spotlight her mark in history and inspiring story. Through her victories, Claressa has breathed life into the dreams of young athletes and individuals in Michigan and across the nation. She is a remarkable woman who credits her success, her journey, to hard work and her faith. Her support system has been a small group of dedicated individuals ranging from the coaches whom have driven her to victory, to her grandmother who taught her that gender could not hold her back. Now, Claressa, who describes herself as ‘‘just a kid from Flint,’’ is dedicating herself to supporting individuals, young and old, in Flint as they face the challenges of poverty, gun violence and the ongoing water crisis. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I submit Claressa Shields before the House as an example of not only a great athlete, but a great American. She represents the resilience of the American dream, and the strong, proud spirit of Flint, Michigan. I applaud Claressa for her dedication to her sport, and her dedication to our community. The change that she will effect has only begun. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2016 JOHNSTON HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Johnston High School Softball team for winning the Iowa Girls State Class 5A Softball Tournament on July 21, 2016. I would like to congratulate each member of the Team: Players: Brooke Sandstoe, Chloe Fehn, Kylee Walker, Olivia Goodale, Emily Flint, Hannah Espeland, Sydney Illg, Emma Ford, Alisha Rusch, Haley Pemble, Taylor Canny, Alyssa Shepherd, Mercedes Worsfold, Brooke Wilmes, Sophie Maras, Haylee Towers, Bailey Sutton, Madison Thilges, Halle Van Roekel, Ally Schaer, Ellie Roquet Manager: Eilise Murray Coaches: Todd Merical, Destiny Willer, Abby Sonner, Laura Calvert, Leah Embrey Mr. Speaker, the example set by these students and their coaches demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating these young women for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the following: 
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING  (By Cannon Michael, Sept. 8, 2016) California’s water supply shortage is a microcosm of what’s wrong in U.S. politics. The San Joaquin Valley in Central California is the most productive agricultural area in the world and is the envy of many countries that rely on imported food supplies because their climate or soil is not suitable to sustain farming. But California’s water supply to this region has been critically curtailed by the government’s inability to manage water resources. That breakdown caused President Obama to visit the Central Valley in 2014 and sit down with farmers to hear about water supply problems. Several members of his administration, including the Secretary of Interior and recently the Secretary of Commerce, have personally visited the area and listened to local business and community leaders talk about their concern for the future of the region. Former Speaker John Boehner and numerous members of Congress, including Senate Energy Committee Chairwoman Lisa Murkowski, have toured the ravaged area and committed to work with their colleagues to assist Central Valley communities. Republican members of Congress, including Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Rep. David Valadao, as well as their Democratic colleagues, Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Jim Costa, have introduced legislation to try to fix the problem. Remarkably, the highest leadership in the country has focused on the water supply problem and a bipartisan group of legislators has been working on legislative solutions. They all claim that the status quo is unacceptable. And what has happened? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. This is why so many people are frustrated with politics as usual and are demanding that things change. We have an identified problem—a water delivery system that has been completely overrun and strangled by a regulatory process run amok. We have a water delivery system that was brilliantly designed and constructed decades ago to withstand five consecutive years of extreme drought, but when the state is blessed with rainfall and snowpack, as we were this year, the system still can’t even provide water to communities. As a result, a key part of the U.S. food supply is in jeopardy and millions of Californians are seeing an important part of their state in decline. Many people outside of California often ask why this is happening to such a productive area of the country? Unfortunately, there is no acceptable answer. The current policies restricting water deliveries are intended to protect endangered species, but those policies have failed miserably. Despite the massive redistribution of water from people, schools, communities and farms in a misguided attempt to save a fish, the fish populations have actually declined. After three very dry years, California had a wet winter in early 2016 but rather than using the water to resupply reservoirs and communities, the government sent over 200 billion gallons of water into the ocean. The result? Dead fish, depleted reservoirs, and dying communities. Nobody wins. This is not a recent problem; the water system has been failing for more than 20 years. Part of the problem is that progress on a solution is being held hostage by federal agencies that are serving narrow interests and creating legal issues that prohibit any progress toward achieving comprehensive solutions. The agencies’ water management policies might be defensible if the policies were working and providing some beneficial result. But farmland continues to die out, jobs have been lost, fish populations are at greater risk, land subsidence and other environmental consequences are continuing, and poverty rates are rising in the impacted communities. The result, agencies hide behind the law and the Administration and Congress have been unable to agree on a solution that will reverse this horrible decline. To be fair, there are efforts from both sides of the aisle working to solve the problem. S. 1894 or S. 2533 (Feinstein) and HR 2898 (Valadao) are proposing to modify current policies and rein in federal agencies. These are not radical proposals, but are measured policy changes designed to improve all the outcomes—increased water supply for communities, better water management, and increased funding for environmental programs. This is what government is supposed to do— find solutions that are compatible with a variety of interests. With the critical period for California water supply system to be replenished arriving in less than six months, Congress has 
very little time to act on legislation. For farmers and farmworkers, planning and financial decisions about crops and food production and hiring start long before planting season begins in February. There is no more time to waste. Absolutely nothing is no longer acceptable. Congress needs to pass legislation that solves this decadeslong problem. If they do not, absolutely nothing is what they should expect from us in return. f 
RECOGNIZING DORIS M. JACQUES AS SHE RECEIVES THE GOVERNOR GEORGE ROMNEY LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Doris M. Jacques of Saginaw for her unwavering commitment to serving her community. The Michigan Community Service Commission will award Ms. Jacques the Governor George Romney Lifetime Achievement Award. The award honors an individual, usually a senior citizen, who has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to community involvement and volunteer service. Ms. Jacques began her service career in the 1950’s at St. Stephen’s Church (now St. Dominic Parish) completing miscellaneous errands around the church, cochaired the ‘‘First Nighter’s’’ family entertainment series for 19 years, organized the first church library and served on the funeral luncheon ministry. The more Ms. Jacques involved herself in service, the more friends she made, the more she accomplished and the more sense of purpose she experienced. This led her to volunteer with the Volunteer Auxiliary at St. Mary’s of Michigan hospital in 1960, where she is currently the longest serving volunteer with well over 50,000 hours. Ms. Jacques is a cofounder of the Hospital Gift Shop, frequented by hospital visitors, staff and community members seeking gifts and sundries. In 1981 she cofounded Timeless Treasures Thrift Store, dedicated to providing lowcost household and clothing items for the needy. During her 55 year tenure at the hospital, Ms. Jacques’ inspiring leadership has helped raise $3.5 million through Auxiliary fundraisers, vendor sales, and sales proceeds from the Gift Shop and the Thrift Shop. These proceeds have been used by the hospital for major medical equipment purchases, two Cancer Care Vans and renovations. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Doris M. Jacques for her magnanimity and unyielding commitment to philanthropy. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the late Tony William DeGroot for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Commitment to Kings County Agriculture Award. Raised in Bennekom, Netherlands, Mr. DeGroot was the youngest of eleven children. During World War II, Mr. DeGroot’s family was heavily involved in the Dutch Resistance, which led to his admiration of the bravery of the American soldiers and later his emigration to the United States at the age of twentyone. On May 15, 1957, Mr. DeGroot and his wife, Betty, were married in Hollandale, Minnesota. They later moved to Southern California in 1959, and five years later they began their successful dairy farm operation in the Central Valley. In 1965, Mr. DeGroot became a founding member of the Visalia Christian Reformed Church where he worshiped, sang in the choir, and led song service. He was also a youth group leader and hosted Bible studies with his wife. Having been a dairy farmer, Mr. DeGroot was significantly involved in the dairy community of the Central Valley for many years. He was passionate about involving future generations in the industry and supported participants in FFA and 4–H. He served on the board for Rabobank and Alltech, among others. Mr. DeGroot was also one of the developers of DG Bar Ranch, which he started for his wife. In September of 2015, Mr. DeGroot passed at the age of eighty in a plane accident while on a fishing trip in Alaska, doing what he loved. He had a great sense for adventure, loved agriculture, and cared deeply for his family. He was a remarkable man who was hospitable to all who entered his life. Mr. DeGroot is survived by his loving wife, Betty, daughter, Rochelle, son, Tony, and grandson Jason. Mr. DeGroot was unanimously selected by the Kings County Agriculture Selection Committee as the honoree for this award due to his important contributions to the agriculture industry in the Central Valley. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending the late Tony William DeGroot for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Commitment to Kings County Agriculture Award. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF SCHUYLKILL UNITED WAY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Schuylkill United Way, which celebrates its 80th anniversary today, September 9, 2016. The Schuylkill United Way is dedicated to providing funding, guidance, and encouragement to partner organizations that provide a variety of programs and services to the residents of Schuylkill County. The Schuylkill United Way supports fifteen organizations and has provided invaluable assistance to the Schuylkill County community over the last 80 years. The organization was founded in 1936 to help local groups that offered human services at little or no cost. Originally known as the Community Chest, the organization became an independent member of United Way Worldwide in 1976 and changed its name to Schuylkill United Way. Today, Schuylkill United Way partners with entities such as American Red Cross, Big Brothers Big Sisters, Salvation Army, Boy Scouts of America, Girl Scouts in the Heart of Pennsylvania and Meals on Wheels. Partnering efforts and contributions come from local businesses and individuals alike, and ninetynine percent of the assistance marshalled stays within Schuylkill County. Schuylkill United Way organizes events like Stuff the Bus, which provides school supplies to children in need, and the Captain Jason B. Jones Day of Caring, where volunteers donate their time working at nonprofit and government locations. It is an honor to recognize the Schuylkill United Way as it celebrates 80 years of helping others. I am deeply grateful for the many services they provide to the people of Schuylkill County. May they continue their great work for welfare of their neighbors for many years to come. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Patricia Young of Jamaica, Iowa for receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors (NASTAD). Ms. Young manages the Iowa HIV and Hepatitis Prevention Program. She earned the award because of her passion, leadership and dedication in working to improve the lives of people living with HIV and hepatitis as well as her tireless service and devotion to NASTAD. She has engaged in HIV prevention and care for nearly three decades and has held many roles in the Iowa Department of Health including prevention, care and community planning. Mr. Speaker, it’s an honor to represent Iowans like Patricia Young in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
RECOGNIZING DOCTOR SAMUEL SHAHEEN AND THE SHAHEEN FAMILY AS THEY RECEIVE THE COMMUNITY PHILANTHROPY AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family for their unwavering commitment to the betterment of their local community. The Shaheen family was selected as the 2016 recipient for the Community Philanthropy Award presented by the Council of Michigan Foundations, the Michigan Nonprofit Association and the Governor’s office. 
The members of the family honored as recipients include Dr. Samuel Shaheen and his wife, Holly, brother and sisterinlaw, Peter and Kari Shaheen, sister and brotherinlaw, Sabrina and Kevin Cronin, and parents Patricia and the late Dr. Samuel ‘‘Doc’’ Shaheen. As the Member of Congress representing the Fifth District of Michigan, I am honored to have constituents like Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family. Much can be said of the many charitable accomplishments of this wonderful family. The Temple Theatre, the Saginaw Bay Symphony Orchestra, the MidMichigan Children’s Museum and the Saginaw Art Museum have all benefitted so much as a result of Dr. Shaheen’s personal contributions of time, effort, fundraising and selfless giving. Through his efforts with the Saginaw County Chamber of Commerce and Saginaw Future, Sam has also worked diligently for the economic betterment of the local community—developing both a thriving surgical practice and building a dynamic real estate development company. These results have provided community leaders with inspiration, hope and an unprecedented level of optimism. Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family are people of tremendous substance and accomplishment. Sam has vision and makes things happen through an unwavering commitment to achieving results for his community. The charitable impact he has made is immeasurable. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family for their strong leadership and unyielding commitment to philanthropy. 
CONGRATULATING JEFF KESTER ON WINNING THE R. LAYNE MORRILL AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jeff Kester, current board president of the Greater Springfield Board of REALTORS, on being presented the R. Layne Morrill Award by the Member Boards and Associations of the Missouri REALTORS. The R. Layne Morrill Award aims to recognize one person who has made it their goal, through political involvement, to advance REALTORS in Missouri’s legislative agenda. Jeff Kester has spent 21 years as an advocate for Missouri REALTORS. I am honored to recognize Jeff Kester, and I congratulate him on receiving the 2016 R. Layne Morrill Award. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to once again pay tribute to Francesc de Paula Soler, a gifted and worldrenowned musician. Mr. Soler grew up in Spain and comes from a Catalan family of wellknown artists. He began studying the guitar at the age of six and was completely immersed in it by age 11, earning the highest honors in the prestigious Conservatorio Superior de Musica in Barcelona, Spain. Mr. Soler received rigorous training from legendary guitarists Andres Segovia, known as the ‘‘Father of Classical Guitar,’’ and Narciso Yepes. Mr. Soler has become a legend in his own right due to his unique skills in conveying emotions through the strings of his guitar. Mr. Soler has performed in music halls and auditoriums throughout the United States and Europe for audiences of all ages and backgrounds. Some of the venues include the Library of Congress, the Levine School of Music and the Acheson Auditorium at the United States Department of State. Commonly known as the ‘‘Poet of the Guitar,’’ Mr. Soler has received numerous awards and recognitions, including: Medal of St. Vladimir of the Russian Orthodox Church, Honorary Citizen of Dallas, Honorary Citizen of Corpus Christi, Golden Key of the Corpus Christi City, Medal of the U.S. Military Academy and the Plaque of the Catalan Catholic Church Council. In commemoration of Hispanic Heritage Month and the positive contributions of HispanicAmericans throughout our nation’s history, Mr. Soler will once again grace the Library of Congress with his music. I encourage all of my colleagues to attend Mr. Soler’s concert on September 16, 2016 as we commemorate the 400th Anniversary of the death of Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, author of the most influential work of literature in the Spanish language—Don Quijote de la Mancha. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Francesc de Paula Soler for his contributions to the world of music. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mr. Gary Esajian on being honored as the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce 2016 Agriculturalist of the Year. Mr. Gary Esajian’s family has lived in the Central Valley since the 1920’s, and as a third generation Kings County farmer, he has greatly contributed to the community throughout his life. Mr. Esajian has shown dedication to his hometown of Lemoore and the Central Valley for decades through both his community work and success as a farmer. As a farmer, Mr. Esajian grows many different crops including almonds, pistachios, garlic, tomatoes, wine grapes, walnuts, and onions. Mr. Esajian has further shown his service to the community by serving as the Westlands Water District Board of Directors for fourteen years, as a Board member of the San Joaquin Valley Cotton Board, and as the Director of a Suncrest Bank in Visalia. In regards to California’s current drought issue, Mr. Esajian conducted a study on water in California, specifically the impacts to Kings and Fresno Counties, which has benefited his peers greatly. Known for being unassuming and humble, upon receiving his award Mr. Esajian credited his family’s long agricultural history and not his own success. He is also known for being a hardworking and organized man, who successfully achieves whatever he puts his mind to. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Mr. Gary Esajian on his dedicated service to the Central Valley and on being honored as the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce 2016 Agriculturalist of the Year. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kim Avey for being honored in her community as the 2016 Good Egg Days Citizen of the Year. Ms. Avey is a great volunteer throughout the community, helping at Scoop the Loop and the local skating rink. She also works as a rural mail delivery person, wellknown to go out of her way to make sure her route patrons get their mail in the best shape and in a timely manner. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Kim Avey in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 8, 2016, I was unavoidably detained and missed a roll call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘aye’’ on roll call vote No. 491. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a brilliant artist, homegrown legend, and loving father, the Late Great Otis Redding, Jr. In recognition of Otis Redding’s contribution to music that touched souls across the world, the Redding Foundation will be celebrating what would be his 75th birthday the weekend of September 9 through September 11, 2016 in Macon, Georgia. Otis Redding was born in Dawson, Georgia on September 9, 1941. At a young age, he and his family moved to Macon, where he began singing at Vineville Baptist Church. Embracing his budding musicianship, he joined the school band at BallardHudson High School and competed in the Douglass Theatre talent show. After winning the talent show fifteen consecutive times, he was no longer allowed to compete. However, this certainly did 
not discourage him from embarking on his path to becoming the King of Soul. In 1958, Otis Redding officially began his professional music career when he joined Johnny Jenkins and the Pinetoppers. After the group finished recording with Booker T. and the MGs, Mr. Redding wanted to use the last few minutes at the end of the session to sing for everyone. As he started to sing what would become his first hit single of 17 hit singles in a row, ‘‘These Arms of Mine,’’ everyone in the studio became captivated by his voice. Jim Stewart, then coowner of Stax Records, came running into the studio and began yelling, ‘‘That’s it! That’s it! Where is everybody? We gotta get this on tape!’’ A man with his own voice and a unique sound, Otis Redding’s short but spectacular music career led to his releasing hit single after hit single, including ‘‘I’ve Been Loving You Too Long,’’ ‘‘Respect,’’ and ‘‘Try A Little Tenderness.’’ On his journey to becoming the King of Soul, he performed across the country and the world with shows in the United States, Canada, Europe, and the Caribbean. In 1965, his business acumen allowed him to create his own label: Jotis Records. His concerts were box office smashes, some of the biggest of any performer during his time. In 1966, Otis Redding received the NAACP Lifetime Membership Award. The National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences (NARAS) nominated him for awards in three categories for his recordings from 1967. He also accrued countless other honors and recognition for his music after his passing in December 1967, most notably of which are two 1969 Grammys for Best R&B Vocal Performance and Best Rhythm & Blues Song for his number one hit single, ‘‘(Sittin’ On) The Dock of the Bay;’’ the 1999 Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award; and his 1998, 2011, and 2015 Grammy Hall of Fame Inductions. Otis Redding was much more than his beautiful voice. Above all else, he was a family man. He married his wife, Zelma, in August of 1961 and together, they raised three wonderful children: Dexter, Karla, and Otis Redding, Ill. Mrs. Redding also adopted Demetria after Mr. Redding’s passing. There was a special place in Otis Redding’s heart and soul reserved only for his family. He worked tirelessly to provide for them. His ambition, drive, and sacrifices paid off when he was able to move his family to ‘‘The Big O Ranch’’ in 1965, a 300acre property in Round Oak, Georgia. Reflected in the mission of the Otis Redding Foundation, which was established in 2007 by Mrs. Zelma Redding in her late husband’s honor, Otis Redding was dedicated to improving the quality of life for his community through education and empowerment. Those who knew Otis Redding personally speak fondly of him and his closest friends described him as a wonderful person to be around, and always 100 percent full of energy. They remember him being big in every way: physically, in his talent, in wisdom about other people, and in his love for his family and community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in recognizing Otis Redding, Jr. for his remarkable accomplishments as a pioneering and worldrenowned musician. His timeless talent and everlasting legacy live on in the hearts of those who loved him and will continue to be remembered by generations to come. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Nancy and Walter Coziahr of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married June 8, 1956 in Council Bluffs. Nancy and Walter’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Mary, David, Tom, and Jane, as well as their eight grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories and for continued hope for the future. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor George Altamura, who is being recognized for his support of young Latino leaders at the 33rd Annual Napa County Hispanic Network Scholarship Gala. Mr. Altamura was born in Buffalo, New York, and fulfilled a longheld dream when he moved to California in 1949 following his high school graduation. After settling in Napa County, Mr. Altamura worked as a carpenter’s apprentice before he eventually earned his contractor’s license. Only three years after moving to Napa County, Mr. Altamura started his own company, Altamura Enterprises and embarked on a successful career purchasing and developing property. Just as impressive as Mr. Altamura’s professional successes is his dedication to giving back to our community. Together with his wife Jackie, Mr. Altamura has been an incredible supporter of our Latino community and has sponsored multiple scholarships through the Hispanic Network each year for more than two decades. Many of the young leaders the Altamuras’ have supported now live and work throughout Napa County, ensuring that the Altamuras’ legacy of civic engagement and community service will be carried on for generations to come. Mr. Altamura is the founder and president of Hands Across the Valley and the Napa Sheriff’s Youth Activity, both of which aim to help those in need, and young people in particular, throughout our community. Furthermore, Mr. Altamura has supported the important work of organizations like Queen of the Valley Hospital, Uptown Theater Napa, and Meals on Wheels. Mr. Speaker, George Altamura has not only achieved his own American dream, but he has worked hard to ensure that young people throughout our community will have a fair shot at achieving theirs, too. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in honoring the Department of the Navy Office of the General Counsel as it celebrates 75 years of providing timely, effective, and candid legal advice and counsel to the Navy and Marine Corps. The origins of DON OGC can be traced back to 1862, when the first civilian attorney was appointed to serve as Solicitor of the Navy. However, it was not until September 10, 1941, when James Forrestal, then Under Secretary of the Navy, recruited attorneys from private practice and formally established DON OGC’s predecessor organization, the Procurement Legal Division, to consistently address the numerous legal issues surrounding the rapid increase in volume and complexity of ship and aircraft acquisition during World War II mobilization efforts. Over the last three quarters of a century, what began as a small cadre of civilian attorneys has evolved into an elite government law firm composed of civilian and military attorneys, and professional support staff, located in 140 offices worldwide. In addition, DON OGC has expanded its practice areas beyond business and commercial law to include acquisition integrity, federal employment/labor law, environmental law, fiscal law, intellectual property law, real estate law, ethics and standards of conduct, energy law, Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act, intelligence law, cyber security law, arms control law, legislation, and litigation, to ensure its attorneys possess the expertise needed to support the multifaceted mission of the warfighter. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate DON OGC on 75 years of dedicated service to our Sailors and Marines across the globe, and wish DON OGC continued success in expertly navigating the legal challenges confronting the Navy and the Marine Corps and significantly contributing to the national defense. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lois and David Aistrope of Randolph, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 10, 2016. Lois and David’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Duane, Doug, 
and Dalene, seven grandchildren, and four greatgrandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus of the 114th Congress to commemorate the sesquicentennial anniversary of Mount Zion Baptist Church, located in Arlington, Virginia. Mr. Speaker, Mount Zion Baptist Church has been blessed to serve as the spiritual home and faith community for thousands of people over the last 150 years. Founded in 1866, a year after the U.S. Congress passed the 13th Amendment to abolish slavery; Mount Zion Baptist Church was organized under the leadership of Reverend Joseph Matthews. In 1914, Reverend James E. Green was elected pastor after many years of service. The Church relocated twice during Reverend Green’s pastorate with property being purchased at 19th and Lowell Streets in 1944. In 1956, Doctor Oswald G. Smith had the vision to establish a Deacon’s Fund to assist the community in meeting emergency costs for medicine, shelter, and other necessities. Finally, in March 1992, Bishop Leonard N. Smith was installed as Mount Zion’s ninth senior minister. Today, under Bishop Smith’s leadership, the Church remains a place of worship and fellowship for its community and surrounding communities. With a mission focused on preserving the precepts of its rich heritage, Mount Zion continues to experience blessings in ways that were once thought to be unimaginable. Recent accomplishments of Mount Zion include significant growth in membership, rededication of a refurbished and modernized facility in 2012, purchase of 22 acres of land in Woodbridge, VA in order to further the mission, and wide community outreach that spans from radio to social media. I am confident that Mount Zion will continue to serve its congregants and community for generations to come. By the grace of God, Mount Zion Baptist Church has survived the test of time and is still going strong today. While the frame of Mount Zion has undergone many renovations, its faith remains the same—firmly rooted in Christ. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the rich history and accomplishments of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Arlington, Virginia. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Bishop Smith, the congregation, and the residents of Arlington on this truly momentous occasion. RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAORDINARY AUGUSTO BORDELOIS HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Augusto Bordelois, an internationally acclaimed artist who is opening a new art studio, Augusto Fine Art, in Berea, Ohio, this week. Augusto has a deep connection to Berea, as the city has been his home since 1999. Augusto Fine Art studio will establish a dedicated art space for the entire community, building Berea, brick by brick, in the same way Augusto creates his own artwork. At the new location Augusto will be teaching jointly with watercolorist Nancy Notarianni, who will also have a gallery in the Berea studio. His vision is to create a centralized space that will foster community and collaboration among local Clevelandarea artists who wish to teach or display their work, and by Clevelandarea residents who wish to connect with their artistic, creative side. Augusto, who emigrated from Cuba as a young man, describes his painting style as ‘magic realism’ that has been largely influenced by the Renaissance, as is typical for prominent and gifted artists from Latin America and the Caribbean. He graduated from the University of Havana in Cuba, and has an inestimable and broad knowledge base that he is more than willing to share with others. Augusto is a natural and enthusiastic leader and an active member of the arts community in Northern Ohio, where he is a teaching artist and member of the Center for ArtsInspired Learning, the Ohio Arts Council, and most recently The Art House. He has been awarded ‘Best in Show’ and an Ohio Arts Council Special award at the Ohio State Fair Fine Arts exhibition. Through his leadership in judging Ohio’s 9th Congressional District’s annual Art Caucus competition for promising high school artists, I have been fortunate to witness firsthand his influence across Northern Ohio, and his passion for helping others reach their full potential. I greatly appreciate his efforts to continue fostering and promoting a growing art community. Augusto’s passion has inspired resurgence in community art and, through the new Augusto Fine Art Studio, a dedication to increased access to community art spaces. Northern Ohio should have a minimum of 1,000 art studios across our lush region, which has a natural beauty and rich culture, and Augusto is a leader in reaching that goal. The arts have long been celebrated throughout northern Ohio, with each region hosting multiple arts festivals, in addition to the many small, locally owned shops that populate the region. From the Black Swamp Arts Festival in Bowling Green to the FireFish Arts Festival in Lorain, there are many opportunities to be immersed in the local northern Ohio art scene. I greatly admire Augusto Bordelois and celebrate his vision and legacy in northern Ohio. His unwavering dedication to teaching and promoting the arts has made a lasting mark. Please join me to congratulate and celebrate Augusto Bordelois on this exciting next phase. COMMENDING THE NORTH CAROLINA JUSTICE CENTER’S 2016 CHAMPIONS OF JUSTICE HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize five individuals from my home state of North Carolina who are being honored as Champions of Justice by the North Carolina Justice Center: Former North Carolina Governor Jim Hunt, President of the NC State AFL–CIO James Andrews, North Carolina State Representative Henry ‘‘Mickey’’ Michaux Jr., former University of North Carolina System President Tom Ross, and former North Carolina State Senator Leslie Winner. I also applaud Former Chief Justice I. Beverly Lake, Jr. on being presented with the Center’s Executive Director Award for Service. Mr. Speaker, these individuals will be honored by the North Carolina Justice Center at its 20th Annual Champion of Justice Gala on September 10, 2016 in Raleigh, North Carolina. Since its founding in 1996, the North Carolina Justice Center has been a leader in progressive research and advocacy for economic and social justice in North Carolina. The Center focuses on issues of concern to low and middleincome North Carolinians by ensuring access to resources, services, and fair treatment for all. Former North Carolina Governor Jim Hunt is a native of my hometown, Wilson, North Carolina. He will be presented with the Champion of Justice Award for his work on behalf of North Carolina’s students, families, and communities in the areas of education and equal rights during his record four terms as governor. Mr. James Andrews is the current President of the North Carolina state AFL–CIO, and the first fulltime elected AfricanAmerican state federation president in the country’s history. A Vietnam Veteran and recipient of the Purple Heart, Mr. Andrews has been a lifelong and passionate activist for civil rights and social justice in North Carolina and has also served on the AFL–CIO’s Executive Council. The Honorable Henry ‘‘Mickey’’ Michaux, Jr. is the longestserving member of the North Carolina General Assembly. A lifelong resident of Durham, North Carolina, Representative Michaux has dedicated his life and career to voting rights advocacy in North Carolina. He is a founding member and was the first chairman of the North Carolina Black Leadership Caucus. Mr. Thomas W. Ross, Sr. is the former president of the 17campus University of North Carolina System. Prior to becoming President of the UNC System, Mr. Ross had a long career in education, where he served as President of Davidson College, executive director of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation, and as a Superior Court judge. Ms. Leslie Winner is a threeterm State Senator and a former Senate majority whip. She currently serves as the executive director of the WinstonSalem based Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation, where she has led the foundation’s statewide influence in civic, educational, and philanthropic initiatives through grants to small nonprofits, and by supporting the creation of BEST NC, a group of business 
leaders who present elected officials with a business rationale and recommendations for supporting public education. The Honorable I. Beverly Lake, Jr. is a former Chief Justice on the North Carolina Supreme Court and the driving force behind North Carolina’s nationally recognized Actual Innocence Commission. He has devoted his career to public service. He will be presented with the Executive Director Award for Service to North Carolina for his work on criminal justice reform. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing these outstanding North Carolinians, who have selflessly sought justice and equality for their fellow citizens. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Estel and Marva Lea Sharon on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Estel and Marva Lea were married on June 17, 1956 and make their home in Guthrie Center, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this lovely couple on their 60 years of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE VICTIMS OF THE 9/11 TERRORIST ATTACK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of those who lost their lives in terrorist attacks that occurred fifteen years ago on September 11, 2001. I was blocks away from the World Trade Center on that morning and will never forget the horror we faced in New York City. Nearly 3,000 people lost their lives in a senseless act of hatred. As we reflect on that terrible tragedy, we are reminded of the resiliency of the people of New York and our Country as a whole. Today, we honor their memories and thank our brave first responders who selflessly rushed forward to save as many people as they could. While we can never fully express our gratitude for the sacrifices of the many police, fire and emergency personnel, we can come together as Americans and provide those heroes with the continued respect and care they deserve. The actions of the first responders are a testament to the power of working with one another. Although these attacks left us shaken, they did not destroy us. We were able to rebound and grow stronger. We put aside our differences and rose together as one nation. On that day, we were not concerned with past disagreements or misunderstandings or partisan politics. This year, on September 11, let us not only remember those we lost with moments of silence and memorial ceremonies. Let us also commemorate them by once again setting aside our differences and becoming united as Americans. f 
IN HONOR OF REPRESENTATIVE ED JUTILA UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank an outstanding public servant for his many years of service to my home state of Connecticut. Mr. Ed Jutila has served as State Representative for the 37th District of Connecticut since 2005, where he earned a reputation of pragmatism and commitment to the residents of East Lyme and Salem. When he retires from public service at the end of this term, he will wrap up a robust and multifaceted career serving his community. Ed served on the local Democratic Town Committee, the East Lyme Board of Selectmen, Charter Revision Commission, and as Deputy Town Meeting Moderator. His lifetime of service began at age 15 when he joined the junior firefighters. In the State House, Ed currently serves as the Chairman of the Government Administration and Elections Committee as well as a member of the Transportation Committee. He also served as vice chairman of the General Law Committee and Public Safety and Security Committee and as assistant majority leader and deputy majority whip. His constituents know him as a friendly, warm and completely dedicated stalwart in the community. In his capacity on the Transportation Committee, he successfully advocated for expansion of the Shoreline East rail line to New London. Ed and I worked together towards gaining federal recognition of the Eightmile River as a Wild and Scenic watershed, an example of his commitment to protecting Eastern Connecticut’s natural beauty and precious resources. Although his time as an elected official will end at the conclusion of this term, I suspect that his involvement in Salem and East Lyme will not come to an end. For someone like Ed, community engagement is a way of life. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Ed for his decades of service, and wish him well in life after public service. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Phyllis and Harold Scholl of Adair, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 10, 1956. Phyllis and Harold’s lifelong commitment to their six daughters, 13 grandchildren and one greatgrandchild truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
CELEBRATING NANCY MAST’S DISTINGUISHED WORK IN SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nancy Mast for her outstanding leadership of The HUGS Project of Elkhart County. Having always been the type of individual to serve others, Nancy diligently searched for an organization that would benefit from her talents as a seamstress. After scouring the internet, she came across a worthy cause known as The HUGS Project, which delivers cooling neckties (nicknamed ‘‘hugs’’) to American troops in the Middle East. In 2006, Nancy launched The HUGS Project of Elkhart County and made it her mission to help grow and steer this organization in the right direction. What began as a handful of volunteers in a basement is now a bustling organization with 50 volunteers that continues to grow to this very day. In Nancy’s capacity with The HUGS Project, she has overseen the shipping of approximately 100,000 hugs and 50,000 pounds of ‘‘care’’ items, which include at least one handwritten note per box, to our troops. Her lasting commitment to such a worthy cause is a shining example of devotion and selflessness in our very own Hoosier community. She had a dream of doing ‘‘something’’ for our troops that sacrifice so much for each of us every day— she has truly made that dream a reality. On behalf of Hoosiers in the Second Congressional District and as a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I would like to personally thank Nancy for the significant contributions she has made to the wellbeing of the U.S. military. Her dedication to selflessly serving those who protect America means so much to me and all the military families across the world. In addition, I would like to extend my applause to every member of The HUGS Project. It is my hope that their organization continues to flourish with each passing year. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to state that on July 13, 2016, during House Roll Call 
number 444, I incorrectly voted ‘‘aye’’ when I had intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ I strongly support the administration’s implementation of the Well Control Rule, which was developed in the wake of the disastrous Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I would also like to state that I continue to advocate for adequate protection of our offshore natural resources and the conservation of our marine environment. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, September 9/11. I was driving my Jeep to the courthouse where I was a judge. On radio station KILT, Willie Nelson was singing ‘‘Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain.’’ Suddenly, local radio newscaster Robert B. McEntire interrupted. An airplane had crashed into the north tower of the World Trade Center. Minutes later a second airplane crashed into the south tower of the World Trade Center in New York City. After I got to the courthouse we learned the Pentagon was hit. A fourth flight was headed towards D.C. But good folks on the flight took down the airplane. They gave their lives so that others could live. Our Nation was under attack. The cold blooded, calculated massacre was done by 19 radical Islamic jihadists who murdered in the name of religion. America stood hand in hand that day. United. First Responders rushed to the scene, pulling people from the rubble. They were peace officers, firefighters, paramedics and everyday folks. Many of them died that day. Today we remember them all. The ones who were murdered, and the ones who gave their lives rescuing the victims. Mr. Speaker, America survived that day. And America remains fearless on every front. And that is just the way it is. TRIBUTE TO DONNA AND VAN LOBENDO HON. DAVID YOUNG 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna and Van Lobendo of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 8, 1946 in Glenwood, Iowa. They were the owners of the Council Bluffs Hatchery and Donna’s Beauty Salon. Donna and Van’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, Stanley and Dani, six grandchildren, 13 greatgrandchildren, and one greatgreatgrandchild, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories and for continued hope for the future. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, September 12, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 public bills, H.R. 5977–5991; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 150–152; and H. Res. 854–856, were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5523, to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–730, Part 1); H.R. 5111, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–731); H.R. 1301, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur service communications, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–732); H.R. 5104, to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to circumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–733); H.R. 670, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicaid rules regarding supplemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those beneficiaries, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–734); and H.R. 3299, to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure preparedness for chemical, radiological, biological, and nuclear threats, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–735). 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the terrorist attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, on the 15th anniversary of that date: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 842, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the terrorist attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, on the 15th anniversary of that date. 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 5424 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:36 a.m. and reconvened at 11:05 a.m.
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: 
Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act: S. 2040, to deter terrorism, and provide justice for victims.
Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5424, to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, by a yeaandnay vote of 261 yeas to 145 nays, Roll No. 495.
Rejected the Torres motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaandnay vote of 176 yeas to 232 nays, Roll No. 494. 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
Agreed to: Foster amendment (printed in Part B of H. Rept. 114–725) that removes provisions related to brochure delivery and the requirement for annual audits at select private funds.
H. Res. 844, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2357) and (H.R. 5424) was agreed to yesterday, September 8th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, September 12th for Morning Hour debate.
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H5249. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yeaandnay votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5244–45 and H5245–46. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 1:15 p.m., pursuant to House Resolution 842, the House stands adjourned out of respect to the victims of the terrorist attacks. 
AN EXAMINATION OF FEDERAL MENTAL HEALTH PARITY LAWS AND REGULATIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of Federal Mental Health Parity Laws and Regulations’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY’S RESPONSE TO THE BATON ROUGE FLOOD DISASTER Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Response to the Baton Rouge Flood Disaster’’. Testimony was heard from Tony Robinson, Regional Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency; Jr. Shelton, Mayor, Central, Louisiana; Gerard Landry, Mayor, Denham Springs, Louisiana; Rick Ramsey, Mayor, Walker, Louisiana; and John Edwards, Governor, Louisiana. Joint Meetings 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed briefing on the failed coup in Turkey and the future of United StatesTurkish cooperation, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 2566, the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2669, the ‘‘AntiSpoofing Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 4365, the ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016’’; H.R. 1192, the ‘‘National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act’’; H.R. 1209, the ‘‘Improving Access to Maternity Care Act’’; H.R. 1877, the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid’’; and H.R. 2713, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 5:30 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Classifications and Redactions in FBI’s Investigative File’’, 5 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3590, the ‘‘Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5620, the ‘‘VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 12 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of S. 2848, Water Resources Development Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979, at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, September 12 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E1231 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1236 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E1233 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1238, E1238 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1235 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1234 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1239 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1231 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E1237 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1233, E1233 Heck, Denny, Wash., E1232 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1238 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1233, E1234, E1235, E1235 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1239 Long, Billy, Mo., E1236 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1240 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1239 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E1236 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1231 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1237 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1232 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1234, E1235, E1236 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E1236 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1239 Young, David, Iowa, E1233, E1233, E1234, E1235, E1236, E1237, E1237, E1239, E1239, E1240 