Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of National Police Week and the courageous law enforcement personnel who serve Tennessee day in and day out. Police Week occurs every year, but this year demands special attention because recently we have seen some corners of society offer a negative portrayal of our police. We have heard instances of strained relationships between communities and the police officers that patrol them, and we have seen activists and agitators who cast our police as villains when they should be lifted up every day as heroes. So, Mr. Speaker, let us in Congress speak clearly on this issue today: We honor and respect the brave men and women of our police force. We pray for their safety and the safety of their families, and we reject the angry voices who seek to tarnish the most noble of professions. Mr. Speaker, on National Police Week and throughout the year, let us remember—police lives matter. f 
RECOGNIZING OFFICER CORAL WALKER OF OMAHA, NEBRASKA (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an Omaha police officer whose heroic actions, while putting his own life on the line, saved the lives of countless innocent bystanders. I am honored to note that Officer Coral Walker is the recipient of the U.S. Justice Department’s Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor. On June 15, 2013, Officer Walker was on patrol when a 911 call alerted him that a gunman was randomly shooting people. Two died, and two others were critically wounded. When he pulled up on the scene, Officer Walker ordered the shooter to stop and drop his weapon, a .45 caliber handgun. Ignoring Officer Walker, the gunman opened fire on the brave patrolman. As several shots were fired at Officer Walker, two hitting his police car, he fired back, killing the man and protecting those nearby. Officer Walker’s selfless actions came as other innocent lives stood in the balance. The gunman, in the country illegally and carrying two additional loaded magazines, was walking toward a busy business area when Officer 
Walker stepped in. Only Officer Walker’s exceptional courage, disregarding his own safety, brought this deadly shooting spree to an end. The Omaha community, the State of Nebraska, and our Nation are grateful for the heroic actions of Officer Coral Walker. 
REMEMBERING GLEN NELSON (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a Minnesota legend, Glen Nelson, who passed away last week. Glen was a medical pioneer whose work has transformed the lives of many thousands and thousands of people. From performing surgeries to creating medical devices to leading several healthcare companies, Glen did it all. Health care was his career, and that is because he recognized the power of medicine and innovation and how it could be used to make a difference in the lives of his neighbors. Glen put it best when he said: ‘‘As a surgeon, you save one life at a time, but with medical devices, you know you are saving so many more.’’ Glen did what he did not to make money or gain fame. Glen was a leading doctor, inventor, philanthropist, and great family man because he cared about people, and he valued giving back to others. Mr. Speaker, the loss of Glen Nelson is something that all Minnesota is feeling. Our State, our country, and our medical community are better off because of the leadership and passionate spirit of Glen Nelson. 
FLORIDA’S GUN LAWS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, my home State of Florida has some of the absolute worst gun laws in the country. Much like Congress, Florida’s Legislature has done nothing to prevent violent criminals from getting guns. According to a report in the south Florida SunSentinel, in just 1 year, Florida granted permits to 1,400 people who pled guilty or no contest to crimes including homicide, assaults, and child molestation. There are Members of this Congress who want to burden the entire country with Florida’s shamefully weak gun laws in a race to the bottom for gun permit standards. Even the current reciprocity agreements between States are strained by how easy Florida makes it to get a permit. In 2010, the Philadelphia Daily News found that 2,500 Pennsylvanians applied for gun permits in Florida. Nonresidents apply for Florida permits to take advantage of Florida’s shocking failure to protect its own residents from gun violence. This Congress must reject legislation that would force States across the country to abide by Florida’s or any other State’s weak gun safety standards. Passing this reckless legislation would, unfortunately, make gun violence Florida’s most shameful export. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and sacrifice of the brave police officers who put their lives on the line each day to keep our communities safe. This week is National Police Week, and communities all across America are showing their appreciation for the law enforcement officers who dedicate themselves to serving and protecting the public and bringing criminals to justice. We also remember the heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty, and we think of the families they left behind. It is our duty to make sure that those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their communities will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Americans to take the time this week to simply say ‘‘thank you’’ to a police officer in their city or town. We are grateful for their service, we are humbled by their courage, and we are indebted to them for their sacrifice. 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Infrastructure Week. Our national infrastructure is in dire need of repair. The American Society of Civil Engineers’ most recent report card gave American infrastructure a D plus. Many of us here are parents. If your child came home with a Dplus, you would work with them on their homework, find a tutor, or maybe punish them. Yet our response to a near failing infrastructure grade is neglect. In the short term, investments in our national infrastructure create jobs. In the long term, they help communities grow and expand opportunity. I recently met with Transportation Secretary Foxx to discuss the proposed South Suburban Airport. With the national spotlight on the long lines at O’Hare and Midway, it is clear that the Chicago region needs an investment in a new airport to expand the region’s air traffic capacity. Investing in infrastructure is a win in both the short term and the long term. So this week, I urge my colleagues to stand with me and work together to invest in our future by improving and strengthening our Nation’s infrastructure. f 
CALIFORNIA HIGHSPEED RAIL AUTHORITY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the California HighSpeed Rail Authority admitted that it needs an additional 4 years to build its first segment of track. Despite claiming that the project was shovel ready back in 2010 in order to receive Federal funds, the Rail Authority has only recently started minor construction. Now the Obama administration has extended the lifeline 4 more years to use up the socalled stimulus dollars. The project’s costs are now more than double what the Rail Authority had claimed in the beginning. It has a funding gap of over $55 billion, has changed its route repeatedly and still hasn’t settled on a route, has failed to attract a single private investment, and fails to comply with State and Federal law on the prescription of its construction. Mr. Speaker, the California High Speed Rail Authority has broken every promise it has made to the people of California. It is time to pull the plug on a project that will not only never be completed, but is diverting billions of dollars from other infrastructure needs that people actually want, such as for our highways and needed water storage for California. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our Nation’s incredible law enforcement officers. During National Police Week, we are reminded of the important work our local law enforcement officers do each and every day. They put their lives on the line to keep us safe. They are incredible. I am especially grateful for the life and service of Tarpon Springs Police Officer Charlie K. Kondek who made the ultimate sacrifice on December 21, 2014, protecting the citizens of Tarpon Springs, Florida, and Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Deputy John Kotfila, Jr., whom we tragically lost earlier this year. Let us never forget the sacrifice of these local officers—they are terrific— and others who have fallen in the line of duty, and let us be thankful for those who keep our communities safe. They are true American heroes, Mr. Speaker. I thank all who protect us. God bless them all. God bless the officers, and God bless America. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 4974, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAMALFA ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 736 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4974. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. b0914 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4974) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) had been disposed of and the bill had been read through page 71, line 6. b0915 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. HECK of Washington (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered read. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Washington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I actually plan on withdrawing my amendment, but would like to make my colleagues aware of some amazing work being done in my district on behalf of veterans and wounded warriors. Mr. Chairman, millions—millions—of people watched the U.S. Open at Chambers Bay in Washington’s 10th Congressional District last June. It showcased, frankly, the irreplaceable beauty of golf in the Pacific Northwest. But just a 10minute drive from Chambers Bay, you will also find yourself at beautiful American Lake. At American Lake, that is where veterans recover and heal from injuries at the VA facility, which is located near Joint Base LewisMcChord. A big part of that recuperation includes a bit of TLC from another golf course in addition to Chambers Bay. Since 1955, 61 years, nine holes of golf at the American Lake Veterans Golf Course is where South Sound veterans could escape the stresses of their daily lives and engage in some healthy competition. And let’s be honest, it is hard to look forward to a visit to the doctor, but looking forward to a round of golf with your buddies is something entirely different. It has become a great way for older vets to connect with younger vets for more recent conflicts. Currently, American Lake Veterans Golf Course—it is important that you hear this—is the Nation’s only golf course designed specifically for the rehabilitation of wounded and disabled veterans. Almost all of the dedicated volunteers there are veterans as well. Well, except one, and his name is Jack Nicklaus—yes, that Jack Nicklaus— the ‘‘Golden Bear,’’ widely regarded, perhaps, as the greatest golfer of our time, who now spends his time actually designing golf courses. He is the one who helped design and expand the American Lake Veterans Golf Course to include a back nine. They went from nine holes to 18. The back nine is now in place, and the course is waiting for VA Secretary McDonald to sign the necessary paperwork to formally accept the course improvements. The course exists because of the determination of hardworking volunteers—really angels among us. And now it is time to honor one of those committed volunteers for his commitment to our veterans and wounded warriors, and officially designate holes 10 through 18 as the Nicklaus Nine. With the Nicklaus Nine, we will now have an 18hole, 100 percent ADA accessible golf course to accommodate returning troops and our local combat veterans. With the Nicklaus Nine, we will have double the accessibility and green to offer our veterans who have given so much to all of us. Now, I am going to tell you a story, and I guarantee it is going to stay with you, I guarantee that you are going to remember this story. There is a program at American Lake Veterans Golf Course that teaches blind veterans how to play golf. One year, we had a local golfer—his name happens to be Ray Reed—who was sent to the National Blind Golf Tournament in Iowa. Ray Reed, blind, wounded warrior. And do you know what he did at that national golf tournament? He scored a hole in one. Yes, blind veterans can golf, and they learn how to do that at American Lake. It is incredible. They are an inspiration to all of us. Mr. Chairman, to avoid a point of order on my amendment, I would like to withdraw it at this time. But I hope that I can work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find another vehicle, or a standalone bill, to get this done. I strongly believe it to be appropriate to honor and bestow on he who has changed the name of golf, the Golden Bear, this honor for changing the lives of wounded warriors. I hope this will encourage the design and development of more golf courses around the U.S. devoted to our veterans and our wounded warriors. With that, Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GIBSON  
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chair, I am here this morning to bring forward an amendment that is for our sailors who fought in the Vietnam war. This is about ensuring they get the health care and the benefits that they have earned through their service in Vietnam. But in a broader sense, this is really about justice. This is about veterans who went forward and fought that war, a deeply unpopular war that divided our Nation. They were never asked 
about their political leanings or what their views were on the war. They simply did what they were ordered to do. They went forward and they gave their very best effort to serve us. In the process of that war, we used Agent Orange to defoliate. In the case of these sailors, serving just offshore in Vietnam, we had ships that were involved in resupply operations at the ports and at the harbor, and they were vulnerable. They were vulnerable because there was vegetation near the ports and the harbors. As our countermeasure to that, we defoliated to give standoff for those ships to protect them. But what we have learned over time, Mr. Chairman, is that that was poisoning our sailors, and anyone that was in close proximity. Now, and in fact in 1991, this body, along with the Senate and the President of the United States of America, enacted a law, the Agent Orange Act of 1991, that ensured that our veterans who were exposed to Agent Orange had access to the health care and the benefits that they had earned. Regrettably, in 2002, executive overreach led to a rule that narrowed the interpretation of our law. Now it is so that you have to have served on the ground in Vietnam or in the Riverine Navy to get access to this law and to these benefits. Mr. Chairman, the people’s representatives never spoke on that. This is an issue we have dealt with time and again in this Chamber, both sides of the aisle, fighting back, fighting for our article I prerogatives. And this is very clear here. This body spoke. We said we had to try to make right what was wrong. So now we have about 90,000 sailors that don’t have access to health care. Mr. Chairman, be advised and be assured that Members of this body fight every day for these veterans in a case bycase basis, and we do win some of these, but we don’t win all of them. It is just flatly wrong. Mr. Chairman, what this amendment does is really ensure that our article I prerogatives are secured. That we go back to the original language that we passed and the President signed. I would ask all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. The CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I make a point of order against this amendment. Although it is a very wellintended amendment, and I am very sympathetic to what he wants to do, I think there might be a way, if the gentleman withdraws and tries to perfect that amendment, that it might be made in order. This amendment proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ The bill gives direction to that effect. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. Again, I would ask my colleague to consider withdrawing and see if he can perfect that amendment so that it would be made in order. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I just want to say, I have the deepest respect for the chairman, a dear colleague and friend. But I have to say that I am astounded that we would talk about a point of order here when we are talking about our language. This is what we passed. What we saw is that the executive branch, with fiat, changed what it is that we passed. So I don’t know how it is that we are legislating to their executive overreach. This is merely an amendment that goes back to our language. And it is not just me standing here today; 320 of our colleagues in the United States House of Representatives, on both sides of the aisle, believe that this needs to get done. And nearly half of the Senate, an exact companion, also believe that. Now, because of our friendship and because of the way that we have worked together, I just want to enter into a colloquy and get clarification from the chairman. What I think I heard him say moments ago is that, if I withdraw, he will work with us so that we can reassert our Article I powers and ensure that we have justice for these Vietnam veterans who deserve these benefits. Can I get that clarification from the chairman? The CHAIR. The Chair will hear each Member individually on the point of order. A point of order is pending. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized to be heard on the point of order. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, on the point of order, the point I am trying to make is this: if the amendment is withdrawn, it can be reworked so that it would be in order. We believe that there is a way to do that even today. That is the offer I am making to you. If the amendment is withdrawn, there is a possibility that this amendment could be made in order, but it does have to be perfected. I am a cosponsor of the actual underlying legislation, so I support it. But at the moment, in our view, it does constitute legislation in an appropriation bill, and, therefore, it violates clause 2 of rule XXI. But I pledge to work to the best of our ability to try to make it in order, even today, if possible. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chair, given the pledge of my dear friend from Pennsylvania to work to make sure that we have justice and that we can move forward and help these veterans, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a simple amendment to prevent wasteful new administrative spending within the VA General Administration Account, and to ensure that scarce resources are not diverted away from the priorities that need them most. My amendment will strengthen and support the position of this committee to ensure that none of the funds made available by this act may be used by the administration’s proposed bureaucracy quagmire called the Veterans Experience Office. While the name may make this proposed new nationwide office sound like a good idea, this proposal would unleash a new cadre of Federal bureaucrats to stand between the veterans and their benefits, repeating those terrifying nine words, ‘‘I’m from the government and I’m here to help.’’ We all share the goal of improving each and every veteran’s experience with the VA. However, it would be foolish to permit the creation of a new general administration program that would siphon off more than $72 million away from the programs and offices prioritized by this committee as those most in need of support. I commend the committee for identifying this wasteful proposal in their report, stating, ‘‘While the committee supports the Secretary’s efforts to improve the ways VA interacts with veterans, it has doubts about the wisdom of establishing a large new office with regional staffing at this late date in the administration.’’ While the position of the committee is clear, my amendment is necessary to ensure that the administration is prohibited from transferring limited funds within the general administration account to fund this unwise and duplicitous proposal. This administration is notorious for ignoring the will 
of Congress and seeking out loopholes to advance the executive branch’s agenda. This track record of rogue behavior is why this amendment is so necessary in order to carry out the committee’s recommendation and properly care for our veterans. The VA doesn’t need more money to hire more people pushers to create an even larger bureaucracy between the veterans and their benefits. Instead, let’s ensure resources are allocated where they have the most effective and efficient benefit for those who have given their country so much. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I thank Chairman DENT and Ranking Member BISHOP for their time. I reserve the balance of my time. b0930 Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I understand the gentleman’s concerns about starting this large, new office at the VA. As you can see from our report, we cut the request for General Administration by $81.3 million, largely because of our concerns about funding this large office; so I think we have already achieved what the gentleman is looking to accomplish. It is hard to imagine that the VA could find $81 million in another account to backfill this office. I will not oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I will tell the gentleman, however, that this will inevitably become a conference issue because the Senate supports the creation of the office. I do not object to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, the bulk of the request of the increase for the General Administration was intended for the establishment of the Veterans Experience Office. Up until now, the Veterans Experience Office’s activities have been funded through the Office of Enterprise Integration. However, the FY 2017 budget proposes to make the Veterans Experience Office a standalone office within the General Administration and requests $72.6 million in funding and 204 fulltime equivalents via direct budget authority. While we all support the Secretary’s efforts to improve the way the VA interacts with the veterans, we had doubts about the wisdom of establishing a large, new office with regional staffing at this late date in the administration. It was decided not to include this funding. However, there is nothing in the bill that prevents the Secretary from continuing to fund the office in the way that he did in the previous fiscal year. Conversely, the amendment before us will prevent this office from being funded, period. I believe that the amendment is a bridge too far. While I don’t support making the Veterans Experience Office a freestanding office, I also don’t support taking the Secretary’s flexibility away either. I believe that the bill is the right approach. I urge Members to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rebut. This President and his agencies have shown time and time again that they are eager to ignore the will of Congress and to implement his agenda wherever they can. This is a necessary reminder that the VA is hardly a vestibule of good behavior. I think we need to make them concentrate on doing their procedures right that they currently cannot do right. I urge Members to accept my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I offer an amendment. I have offered similar amendments in the last 2 years, and they have passed each time. I had hoped that it would not be necessary to offer this amendment again this year. Unfortunately, an investigation from the Government Accountability Office that was released last month found that the VA schedulers are still manipulating appointment wait times and are underestimating how long veterans have to wait to get care at a VA facility. The GAO’s most recent audit found that schedulers changed dates and shortened wait times for 15 to 20 percent of the cases reviewed. To make matters worse, USA Today recently claimed to have studied more than 70 investigative reports, and it found that these manipulations were being performed at the behest of the VA supervisors. Last year, a different inspector general investigation uncovered an actual memo from the VA leadership that encouraged this type of behavior. The memo I speak of is known as the Fast Letter 13–10, and it was handed down directly from the Office of the Director of the Veterans Benefits Administration to the Philadelphia VA Regional Benefit Office. I was appalled—but not totally surprised—to learn of this memo. The need for my amendment first surfaced 2 years ago as a response to explosive allegations about the Phoenix VA’s keeping secondary, unofficial records of claims and appointment requests. My commonsense amendment simply prohibits the VA from keeping unofficial recordkeeping systems and manipulating wait times. I have said this before, but it is sad that we have to pass amendments to prevent this type of behavior. When government bureaucrats don’t use good judgment or common sense, Congress must address these issues. We must have one consistent patient recordkeeping system within the VA in order to provide accountability, uniformity, and to prevent employee manipulation. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank Chairman DENT and Ranking Member BISHOP for their time. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, this amendment is familiar to us since the gentleman offered it last year. I am not sure it is necessary to repeat the language this year since we know the VA has rescinded the Fast Letter guidance. After all, with the IG investigation into the dual scheduling systems, it doesn’t seem likely that the VA is maintaining recordkeeping systems that are not approved by headquarters; but I am not going to object to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, we want to reward good behavior, and until they illustrate good behavior, the amendment is going forward. I appreciate the chairman’s support. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chair, this is a simple amendment. I get to chair a subcommittee called Transportation and Public Assets. We get to oversee, in the public assets portion, all of the various properties around the United States that are public assets that are sitting idle. For example, in some States we have many VA properties that are medical—some hospitals, some nursing homes—that are sitting idle. Some of them are vacant, and some of them are closed. In order to put them into productive use for our veterans, I have tried to craft an amendment that, of course, doesn’t apply to all of the facilities. I would like to do that, but this is fairly limited. It says that we have a nursing home that has been vacated or a nursing home that is not being used, and some of them, for several years, have sat vacant. This allows the Secretary discretion, and it also sets aside a small number of funds to help bring that property into a condition so that it can be transferred to the State. You have these in Pennsylvania, Mr. Chair. You have these across the Rust Belt. We have them even in Florida. What we don’t have is the authority for the VA to move forward with these properties in their transferring and get the properties into condition and make the little bits of changes in the properties to transfer them to the States. This will apply to 49 States. There are 49 States that have State VAs. Many of them run nursing homes. In my State, for example, we run seven nursing homes now. We do it more costeffectively. We can do it faster. We can take those idle assets and put them into use. In some places in the Rust Belt, you need to consolidate some of the facilities, and this will allow us to do that, too, and to run them cheaper and give better services to our veterans, not spread out the limited number of even staffers whom we have and administrators. Think of what you can save just on that. This is an amendment to try to move that process forward. We are not trying to get ahead of anybody who is in line for any kind of a VA facility. What we are trying to do is, again, tell the VA Secretary that he can move forward and put a little bit of money aside that will make a big, big difference with these facilities that are sitting vacant or half empty across the country, and it does apply to 49 States. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I understand there is a great demand throughout our Nation for State veterans’ homes, and I wish we had the allocation to provide more for this program than we did. I do want to raise a concern with the language that it might—I say ‘‘might.’’ I am not saying ‘‘definitely’’—favor some States rather than increase funding for the entire State HOME Program. I was pleased to hear the gentleman state that he is not trying to jump ahead of other States that may be in line, but this is an issue that we are going to have to discuss at the conference committee. I am not going to object to the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. I appreciate that. Mr. Chair, I think if there are differences in language, we have tried to work with the parliamentarian and the committee, and I know you all are busy in trying to get a very important piece of legislation out, but this small amendment can make a big difference. Again, this is in Rust Belt States, even in growing States like Florida, and there is no more cost to the Federal taxpayer in the operation. In fact, we will save money in the operation because the States take these over. And if the States take them over, it is one less burden on the VA. We have seen how difficult it is sometimes to get services from the VA, to have these facilities come on line. To the nursing home folks, listen to this. This is to nursing homes: we have a tremendously expanding, aging veterans’ population, and we can’t keep up with it all, and the Federal Government sometimes does it the least efficiently. This allows us to take those empty or half empty or partially used facilities and get them to the States, to sometimes consolidate the operations and save money on administration, operation, and expedite and get that service to our veterans as soon as possible. I urge the Members’ support of this small amendment. I will be glad to work with the chairman, with the ranking member, and with others and craft this in any way that they feel comfortable, but the objective is very important at this stage. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, in a 2015 report from the VA Office of the Inspector General, it was discovered and reported that two senior staff members used their positions of power to financially and personally benefit from unethical behavior. Diana Rubens and Kimberly Graves not only coerced two VA managers to leave their positions against their will, they then manufactured circumstances that allowed for them to take the positions in question. To make matters worse, these women then took advantage of the VA’s relocation expense program. Relocation bonuses may be given to current employees if an open position will be difficult to fill without such an incentive. In both of these instances, this clearly was not the case. In total, these women walked away with more than $400,000 in taxpayer funds. As if these actions weren’t heinous enough, when the VA did attempt to hold Rubens and Graves accountable, the VA was subsequently overturned because they failed to discipline the other employees involved in this case. I am appalled—but ultimately, again, not surprised—to hear of this story. The VA has been riddled with scandal and plagued with lawlessness for years now. Chairman MILLER said it best in the days that followed the reversal of the VA’s decision, stating: ‘‘Every objective observer knows that the Federal civil service system coddles and protects misbehaving employees instead of facilitating fair and efficient discipline; and until VA and Obama administration leaders acknowledge this problem and work with Congress to solve it, it will never be fixed.’’ Mr. Chair, my amendment is a commonsense approach that simply reaffirms the requirements in the Code of Federal Regulations for employment incentives and relocation expenses. b0945 Had the VA followed these regulations, Diana Rubens and Kimberly Graves wouldn’t have been able to force two managers to leave and then get reimbursed for moving across the country to take their spots. I have said this before, but it is sad that we have to pass amendments to 
prevent this type of behavior. When government bureaucrats fail to serve the American people through the use of common sense, Congress must address these issues personally. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their help. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time to speak in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, no one shares the gentleman’s concerns more than I do about the inappropriate relocation incentive payments the VA initially paid to two executives at the Philadelphia regional office. The VA has since reformed its policies, and I hope we will never ever hear again about such egregious staff misconduct and inappropriate reimbursements. However, I do think that the relocation incentive can be an important tool in some circumstances. Although I have no objection to the gentleman’s amendment, I think this may need to be refined a bit in conference to reflect the usefulness of the tool, when used appropriately. As I said, there was egregious misconduct in Philadelphia, as the gentleman correctly points out. There is no question. In fact, many of us went and visited the Philadelphia regional office at about that time for a hearing, both Republicans and Democrats, authorizers and appropriators, to discuss the challenges at that particular office. That said, I have no objection to the amendment. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. DENT. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I have the deepest respect for the gentleman from Pennsylvania and for the gentleman who is offering the amendment, but I think that we may be just going a little bit too far here. Mr. Chair, this amendment will restrict the ability of the VA and the departments and related agencies funded in this act to use incentives to get experienced, talented, and capable individuals to take on difficulttofill positions. In other departments, they call these hardship posts. These are the jobs no one wants to do but are vital to the function of government. I think we can all agree that there are times when we need to provide incentives to those individuals whom we are asking to fill difficult jobs. At times, we need to take action to make a job more appealing, and sometimes we need to provide incentives to compete with the salaries that are typically paid outside of the Federal Government for some of the positions. I am concerned that this amendment will decrease the availability and quality of candidates possessing the competencies that are required for filling the hardtofill posts. We would not run a Fortune 500 company this way. Why are we limiting the ability of the U.S. Government to recruit and hire the best and the brightest? I respectfully urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, trust is a series of promises kept, and it is very notable that the VA has lost the trust of Congress and the American people and, more importantly, our veterans. So until we get this right, until they can actually earn the respect and do the due diligence that they are expected to do for our veterans, it is a requirement of us to make sure, like a dog on a bone, to hold them accountable. I hope that everybody will vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, in 2009, the President issued Executive Order 13502, which strongly encourages Federal agencies to require project labor agreements, or PLAs, on Federal construction projects exceeding $25 million in cost. This amendment simply states, as already read, that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to implement or enforce this executive order. Now, project labor agreements, Mr. Chair, discourage what is called a merit shop contractor from bidding on taxpayerfunded construction contracts. Let me be clear. That means, if you don’t have a union, you can’t even bid. By the way, the vast majority of all work conducted in the United States, private or government, is conducted by nonunion contractors. It is not meant to disparage unions. It is just saying that there should be open competition for everybody. Because it is a limited competition, it actually drives up the cost that each of us pay for the construction, somewhere between 12 and 18 percent, needlessly. Even if it is only 12 percent, why pay it? It results in fewer infrastructure improvements simply because there is just not as much money because we are paying more for the ones that we are doing. It is a projectspecific collective bargaining agreement with multiple unions that is unique only to the construction industry. It is done nowhere else, only in the construction industry. Now, the NLRA permits construction employees to execute a PLA, a project labor agreement, voluntarily. When the PLA is mandated by a government agency, construction contracts can be awarded only to contracts and subcontractors that agree to the terms and conditions of the PLA, essentially making them a union organization. Typically, the contractors have to recognize the union as the representative of their employees. No longer is the private business the representative, but only the union is the representative, and they have to hire from the union hall. Furthermore, if you ever pay prevailing wage or the Federal minimum wage for these kinds of projects, there is a thing called the fringe benefits, which includes your medical, your dental, your retirement. Those all will be put into unionmanaged benefits and pension programs. So even if you are a private employer that is not unionized, all that money, all those fringe benefits go to those programs. You must obey the restrictive and sometimes inefficient rules of job classification. So, for instance, if you are an electrician, you might want to wire something up, but if you need some conduit, you can’t go get it because you are not a laborer. You are an electrician, and you have to wait for the laborer to go get it. That doesn’t happen in nonunion environments. It is just inefficient. Furthermore, PLAs force employees to pay union dues, whether they are in the union or not, and then accept unwanted union representation. They also forfeit the benefits earned during the life of the project unless they join the union and become vested in union benefit plans. So they lose all that. Quite honestly, it is just simply a union recruiting plan at taxpayer expense. I don’t have problems with the union; I just don’t think that we should be paying for them. The PLA requirements and preferences on taxpayerfunded contracts expose procurement officials to intense political pressure because they are not negotiating normally. It is negotiated under the terms of the project labor agreement, not just a regular contract where you agree to do so much work and we would agree to pay so much. You agree to do it at this time, and we agree to accept that timeframe. It disrupts local collective bargaining agreements already in place because it is contract specific for the project at the time. Obviously, because of that, it stifles competition. b1000 You stifle competition, it raises the cost. Who is paying the extra cost? The American taxpayer. It creates, or potentially creates, contracting and construction delays. We don’t need any more delays at the VA. I think we have been through that plenty of times. Now, we just want to get the best price. We want everybody involved. We want everybody able to bid and able to participate. Let the government, let the taxpayer get the best job for the best price. Under this amendment, PLAs for military construction would not be forbidden. They are still not forbidden; they are just not mandated. Again, this amendment simply allows none of the funds made by the executive order to be used to implement or enforce Executive Order 13502. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The DOD does a lot of construction projects—this bill is certainly a testament to that—and these are often complex projects. They build facilities that are used to repair ships or store munitions, and usually when we read about large, complex construction projects, it is often in the context of delays or cost overruns or concerns on the workforce front. Folks want to see local opportunities on local projects. Now, a project labor agreement allows Federal agencies to negotiate exclusively with the building trades to ensure both union and open shop contractors are able to participate on the project. The agreement establishes quality worksite conditions and works to ensure construction is finished on time and under budget. When executed properly, PLAs are flexible, and they encourage participation from a wide variety of prime and subcontractors. In fact, PLAs are used on big, private projects. Look at every significant hotel project, casino project, stadium project. I worked professionally in economic development before I came here. These project labor agreements were vital to seeing projects happen. Why? Because they save money and because they keep projects on schedule and because they use local workers. You have seen the first project labor agreement in Navy history in my district—just one, mind you. What is the 
outcome? Well, the project is going to be completed at a cost of $250 million below what was originally projected. With a contract that was worked out ahead of time, it meant that local workers were assigned on the front end. They brought in quality workers, local workers, and that strengthens our local communities. By partnering with local trades and using apprenticeship programs, this is helping to grow the next generation of tradespeople, giving opportunities to veterans and to women and minority communities. So it means that we are not just building a wharf in my district; it means we are building the next generation of workers. We are building the middle class. When you compare this with similar large, complex projects, the project that we just had with a project labor agreement had fewer problems and will deliver more value for taxpayers. So I do not understand why we would take this valuable tool out of our toolbox. We should be encouraging these efforts. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I just want to state I have no objection to the gentleman’s amendment. The Department of Defense has awarded one construction contract, that is the explosives handling wharf in Kitsap, Washington—I believe, in the gentleman’s district—where the solicitation favored PLAs. The Department of Veterans Affairs has not awarded any contracts that have used PLAs, and they currently have no solicitations that favor PLAs. That said, I am very sympathetic with the gentleman’s amendment, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I am very disappointed that, instead of seeking to pass the most bipartisan bill possible, my colleagues would prefer to weigh down the bill that funds veterans and military construction with a divisive rider. PLAs can be an essential tool to allow large projects to be completed on time and on budget. They are a benefit to both employers and employees. A project labor agreement provides a single collective bargaining unit, which allows for easier management of a project. They provide a reliable and uninterrupted supply of workers. They provide uniform wages, uniform benefits, overtime pay. A PLA sets the terms and conditions of employment for all workers onsite, including the work conditions and the rules. In addition, a PLA prohibits strikes and work stoppages. It is insulting that some would seek to prevent the use of PLAs on this bill when it is one of the best tools available to guarantee that veterans are hired as skilled construction workers. The use of a PLA does not prevent nonunion small businesses from participating. They have to agree to the terms and to sign on to the PLA. In addition, the PLA does not make the project union only. Simply put, project labor agreements help both the government and the private sector increase the efficiency and the quality of its project by promoting a business model that employs a highly skilled workforce. Such a workforce ensures that construction projects are built correctly the first time, on time and, as a result, on budget. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I would note that this House has repeatedly refused to adopt similar amendments on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I just want to reiterate that this does not take this tool out of the toolbox. It just doesn’t require it. With all due respect to those who say, well, it stops strikes from happening and it makes sure it is on time and on budget, a simple contract that millions of Americans sign every single day without a project labor agreement does that already. If project labor agreements are necessary, why aren’t we all doing it with the work on our homes or the work on our businesses? The fact is it is not done everywhere because it is not necessary. The fact is it discourages participation, because you can participate if you want to join the union, or at least de facto join the union because you are going to do everything by the union code, every single thing, all your employees, all your representation. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, let’s start out by talking about some of the facts, because I hear some talking points from those who are trying to disturb and remove all workers’ rights. There is nothing that currently is in place that mandates project labor agreements be used. If so, we would have thousands and thousands of them. It makes them permissible when a large and complex job would benefit from a precontract agreement, because that is what we are talking about. We are not talking about building a house or renovating a bedroom. Large, complex projects, that is what we are talking about. All it talks about is, before you sign a contract, make sure that you spell out very specifically the issues that could come up germane to that job. I have negotiated in my past life over 100 of these. Why? Because employers understand that this is to their benefit. There is a better cost ratio balance when they do a project labor agreement. They are public jobs, they are private jobs where nobody is mandating everything or anything. What we are saying here is that entering into a project labor agreement does one very important thing that nobody quite remembers here: Helmets to Hardhats, taking our veterans who served our country, giving them an opportunity to come home, put their uniform away, and go to work on a construction project. That alone is worth its weight in gold, and that is what Helmets to Hardhats does under a project labor agreement. It creates and allows that next generation of construction workers, those skilled craftsmen, to be part of that. Not one dime of that apprenticeship program comes from the government. This works. Why does it work? Because it saves money. The employer likes it because there are less headaches on the job, and it is probably the most important tool that could be in that worker’s toolbox, to make sure that they level the playing field for a quality job that comes in on time and under budget. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the Jackson Lee amendment that clearly recognizes the importance of those who have served and 
their lives after. My amendment says none of the funds made available by this act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in contravention of subchapter III of chapter 20 of title 38 of the U.S. Code, which refers to the benefits for homeless veterans in training and outreach programs. Texas and Florida and California happen to be some of the States that have the highest number of homeless veterans. These are individuals who put on the uniform unselfishly. Now they are homeless for a variety of reasons. I hope that this amendment will reinforce and reemphasize the importance of ensuring that the rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. As well, my amendment will remind us of our obligation to provide our veterans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequate funding for programs like the Veterans Administration Supportive Housing that provides case management services, adequate housing facilities, mental health support, and addresses other issues that contribute to veterans’ homelessness. I have, on my staff, a wounded warrior. We work a lot with homeless veterans. We visit their centers. We provide them with a sense that their commitment to this Nation will never be forgotten. Today in our country there are approximately 107,000 veterans, male and female, who are homeless on any given night, and perhaps twice as many, 200,000, experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. I remember dealing with one of my nonprofits that was renting a space just to help three or four or five veterans. Unfortunately, the landlord was not sensitive to the fact that he did not have all the moneys to pay his rent. He was ultimately evicted. But it wasn’t just he who was evicted, who was trying to be the Good Samaritan, it was veterans who called that place home. Many other veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty and lack of support from their family. In my hometown of Houston, for example, we have had large numbers of homeless veterans, but we have begun to work on it. I hope that this amendment will remind people of supportive service programs, residential rehabilitation programs, and HUD VA programs. I ask support of my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman has offered the amendment in previous years, and we have accepted it. I have no objection to it being included again in the bill this year. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), the distinguished ranking member and a strong supporter of veterans and leadership on the MILCON bill. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I just want to let my voice be heard to congratulate the gentlewoman on her amendment. It has been adopted previously by this House. I think it is a great amendment. We support our homeless veterans. I congratulate the gentlewoman for offering the amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, let me thank Mr. DENTand Mr. B ISHOP for their leadership, and certainly the appropriators, the full committee chairman and ranking member, on the tasks that they have before them. We are not going to end homelessness for veterans if we do not invest in programs that will help them. My amendment is to ensure that we are reminded that these veterans can be rehabilitated and can be provided a new pathway in life. It is simply a continuing way to say thank you. Whenever I speak before veterans, whenever I speak before the United States military, I remind them— though they do not need to be reminded—that they unselfishly put on the uniform without question. They put on the uniform without question, and they followed orders. They followed the orders of the Commander in Chief. So now I hope that we, as Members of Congress, will follow orders and increase investment in the HUD–VASH program allocated to communities with the highest numbers of homeless veterans, support all council agencies to promote and give incentives to local coordination or plans and have our local communities own these plans so that they will bring down the cost of homelessness or the size of homelessness to prevent or to provide, if you will, for the homeownership that is so very important that our veterans desire. b1015 But the most important point is, why don’t we stand and salute and stand at attention and say to our veterans: we hear you. Homelessness must not exist among our veterans. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. It reminds us of funding for veterans who are homeless, as well as for programs for veterans who are homeless. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. It is Jackson Lee Amendment No. 350. Thank you for this opportunity to describe my amendment, which simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for the Department of Veteran Affairs— Benefits for Homeless Veterans and Training and Outreach Programs may be used in contravention of the title 38, Part II, Chapter 20, Subchapter II and III of the U.S. Code This amendment will help ensure that the rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. I thank Subcommittee Chairman DENT and Ranking Member BISHOP for their hard work in shepherding this important legislation to the floor. I offer the Jackson Lee Amendment because I believe reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the nation’s highest priorities. Homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. My amendment will help remind us of our obligation to provide our veterans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding for programs Veterans Administration Supportive Housing (VASH) that provide casemanagement services, adequate housing facilities, mental health support, and address other areas that contribute to veteran homelessness. VASH is a jointlyadministered permanent supportive housing program for disabled Veterans experiencing homelessness in which VA medical Centers provide referrals and case management while Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) administer the Section 8 housing vouchers. Mr. Chair, our veterans deserve the best services available, and I believe that we could be doing much more for them. Today, in our country, there are approximately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. Many other veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. While significant progress has been made, ending homelessness among veterans remains a big challenge. In my hometown of Houston for example, between the years 2010 and 2012, the number of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. We must remain vigilant and continue to fight for those who put on the uniform and fought for us. Providing a home for veterans to come home to every night is the very least we can do. Mr. Chair, programs like VASH have succeeded in changing lives. In 2012 alone, 35,905 veterans lived in the public housing provided by VASH. I have seen the impact of such grants in my home state of Texas, and within my congressional district in Houston, and I am sure that this funding has positively impacted many communities across this country. In Texas, there are committed groups in Houston, working to eradicate the issue of homelessness. 
For example, the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center has been involved in changing veterans’ lives in a mighty way by providing Veterans and their families with access to affordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet. Mr. Chair, we cannot let this issue of homelessness continue. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the Parliamentarian and the chairman and the ranking member. Earlier this morning, I offered this amendment and it needed to be perfected. I greatly appreciate the staff and the work of the team here so that we could get this in a form to where it certainly meets muster. This is a very important amendment. Half a century ago, our Nation was embroiled in a war in Vietnam. It divided the Nation. But for our young men and women who went forward and fought on our behalf, their loyalties were never divided. They did everything that they could every day to serve our Nation in a very difficult circumstance. What developed over that time were soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who became sick. They were exposed to Agent Orange. This was part of that war. Our Nation had chosen to defoliate as a means of protecting troops with Agent Orange. But what we learned over time is that there was a direct link between exposure to Agent Orange and nine maladies, including cancer, diabetes and Parkinson’s. This body, in 1991, recognizing this, came together with the President of the United States and enacted the Agent Orange Act of 1991. Unfortunately, in 2002, there was an overreach on the part of the executive that narrowed that interpretation. And since that time, Members here on both sides of the aisle have been fighting to ensure that our sailors who served just offshore in Vietnam got access to the health care that they desperately need. Mr. Chairman, over half of these sailors who were exposed are already in Heaven. They are gone now. And for those that are left here, time is of the essence. It is an urgent matter that we get this passed. Three hundred twenty of my colleagues agree with this on both sides of the aisle, and about half the Senate. So today, we offer this amendment to reassert our article I prerogatives to ensure that, for every serviceman and woman that goes forward, that they know that, regardless of the difficulty of the fight and the difficulty of the proposition and what it may mean for the politics here in America, we will never turn our back on our servicemen and women. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members to turn off cell phones when they enter the House Chamber. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, we support the amendment. We appreciate the good work that my friend from New York (Mr. GIBSON ) has done to advocate on behalf of all veterans, and particularly his commitment to helping those who suffered from Agent Orange exposure, as well as many other issues. So I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chair, I deeply appreciate the support of the chairman and ranking member, and I respectfully request the support of the House on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, last night, this House adopted a provision as part of the defense bill that rolls back antidiscrimination provisions contained in executive orders issued by the President in recent years. This is one of the ugliest episodes I have experienced in my 3plus years as a Member of this House. The inclusion of such hatebased language in a defense bill designed to support our military sends exactly the wrong message at a time when we should all be unified in supporting the efforts of our servicemembers around the world. My father was a veteran. He was nearly killed in the service of his country. I have never voted against a defense bill before. I never thought I would. Almost a quarter of the constituents I represent in the Hudson Valley of New York come from families where a member is serving in the military or has served in the military. I represent the United States Military Academy at West Point. We have helped 800 veterans, one at a time, out of my district office in my 3 years in Congress, and we have passed legislation directly aimed at making their lives better. So, it is not with an easy heart that I come to the House floor and oppose the defense bill, but this legislation snuck into the bill—and was kept in the bill—despite a bipartisan effort to remove it, sends exactly the wrong signal and it says that we are so concerned about discriminating against a group of LGBT Americans that we are willing to destroy the bipartisan cooperation we should have on the defense bill. So my amendment today gives us another chance. It gives us a chance to correct some of the damage done last night by some Members of this body. What it would say is quite simple: we shall not do anything in this bill that contravenes the antidiscrimination executive orders of the President. It is pretty simple. We should not be spending taxpayer dollars to promote hate, and we should not be justifying that by some religious exemption, when, in fact, the language in the defense bill simply rolls back the antidiscrimination provisions that the President put in an executive order to those contained in the original Civil Rights Act and the ADA. It is specifically designed to exclude LGBT Americans. And in doing that, it aligns itself with the parallel efforts we see happening in States like North Carolina. It is wrong and it doesn’t have anything to do with our military; it doesn’t have anything to do with fighting ISIS; it doesn’t have anything to do with religious protections. It is about bigotry, plain and simple. Today, we have another chance to do the right thing and to send the right message and to stick up for our military. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. DENT. I support the amendment, and I certainly oppose discrimination in any way, shape, or form, particularly as, in this case, it relates to Federal contracting. I do support the amendment. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Reclaiming my time, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and I want to acknowledge that it was the gentleman from Pennsylvania, together with Mr. HANNA from New York, who courageously led the effort to roll back the discrimination in a bipartisan way in the Rules Committee. And that effort was thwarted. So I am very honored by the gentleman’s support, and I am honored by the position you have taken in this House over the last couple of days. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, I do respect the gentleman for his right to come and offer under an open rule, in a different bill, his objections to what occurred last night. Last night, the House of Representatives passed the bill. And today, the gentleman is offering a limiting amendment that would turn back that agreement that we made. Mr. Chairman, several days ago, the House Armed Services Committee handled this issue. It was not sneaking something in. It was a straightup vote. It was a vote that was held in the Armed Services Committee, it passed. The final vote was 60–2. Mr. Chairman, that is a bipartisan vote. That is a vote from people on the committee who viewed that they were not going to let one issue or another get in the way of supporting the men and women of our United States military. They very clearly—all of them on the committee—understood during this long markup exactly the implications, and they lived with the decision. I am here today to say that the gentleman is fully entitled to do as he is doing, but the vote was held last night. The overwhelming viewpoint was let’s support the United States military and let’s get this done, not the next day come on the floor with spilled milk on your face and say: I want to go back and I want to relitigate a decision that we made last night with every Member here on the floor. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SESSIONS. I yield to the gentleman. I admire the gentleman. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Well, I appreciate the admiration. Let me ask my colleague: Is it necessary to discriminate against gays and lesbians to support our military? Mr. SESSIONS. Reclaiming my time, that issue was handled—and the gentleman knows this—in committee. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. It was resolved last night. It was resolved last night in the affirmative. In other words, this House said that it would include in a defense bill a provision that would roll back basic employment questions for gays and lesbians. My question to my colleague is simply, Mr. Chairman, if that is necessary for the promotion of national defense. Is it necessary to discriminate against gays and lesbians and transgender Americans to keep our country safe? Mr. SESSIONS. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the gentleman. I am not without an understanding that there are people who do have ideas which override other bigger ideas. I am simply saying to you, Mr. Chairman, I stand in opposition to what the gentleman is attempting to do here, the next day, in a separate bill, to limit what we did last night, when this body did understand that many people have a strong viewpoint that supports the gentleman, and more people have a viewpoint that is against that. That is not my point. My point is, we need to transcend that as a body. And we did last night. We spoke very clearly. We need to support the men and women of the United States military. And we do not believe this is a stumbling block because we don’t view what the gentleman is saying is the critical and key issue. That is why I stand in opposition to what the gentleman is doing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time. The CHAIR. Is there an objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? Mr. SESSIONS. Objection. The CHAIR. Objection is heard. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY ). Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I would like to again express my thanks for my colleague’s admiration. It is nice to have admiration. It is better to have rights and it is better to be treated equally and without condescension. I would just note, Mr. Chairman, that the question remains unanswered of whether it is necessary to discriminate against gays and lesbians in Federal contracting to protect our country, to support our troops? Is it necessary to remove employment protections in employers covering 28 million Americans so that we can fight the war on ISIS? Is it necessary to protect ourselves in our houses of worship by discriminating in Federal contracting in businesses that are in the business of commerce and in private contracting? It is a tired and old and false choice to suggest that we need to discriminate to keep ourselves safe, to keep ourselves free. And people in earlier times have made those arguments, and they have, one after another, been reversed. So the notion that because this House did it last night, it can’t get it right today, is at odds with a lot of American history. This House got a lot of things wrong for a lot of people for a lot of years. And then finally, slowly, almost despite ourselves, we figured out that we can be safe and free and equal. And in fact, becoming more equal in some ways makes us safer because it is the promotion of our values through our actions and our ideas and our words, not just our weapons that promote our values around the world. b1030 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his kindness. I want to briefly join in the gentleman’s recounting of our history, and I want to remind people of the eloquent statement of the Attorney General, Attorney General Lynch, who indicated that civil rights is a very large tent, and it embraces all Americans. Whether it is religious freedom or religious rights, or whether it is civil rights issues dealing with the race and ethnicity of Americans, we have always overcome. I believe that the men and women of the United States military deserve better than to have the kind of poisonous amendments that undermine the very reason that they put on the uniform, for us to be free, to speak freely, to associate, and to stand as who we are. I am saddened because my history is a reminder that I did not stand equal in this Nation, either as a woman or an African American, or even as an immigrant, which my grandparents were. So I join in pleading with this House to not, in any way, strip us of civil rights and tear up the Constitution, the 14th Amendment, the Fifth Amendment of due process. That would be shame on us. I join the gentleman in his amendment, and I ask that we consider those who we like and who we dislike. They are Americans, and they deserve the right to be respected under the law. I would ask that the gentleman’s amendment be accepted, voted on, respected; and let us be the Americans that our Constitution dictates and our flag says we are. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. MULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment by Mr. MULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment by Mr. MULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment by Mr. MULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. BLUMENAUER of Oregon. Amendment by Mr. FLEMING of Louisiana. Amendment by Mr. HUFFMAN of California. Amendment by Mr. GOSAR of Arizona. Amendment by Mr. PERRY of Pennsylvania. Amendment by Mr. GOSAR of Arizona. Amendment by Mr. PERRY of Pennsylvania. Amendment by Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 52, noes 372, not voting 9, as follows: 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capuano Cohen DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Grijalva Himes Honda Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Pallone Palmer Perry Polis Rice (SC) Rokita Royce Sanford Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Tonko Waters, Maxine Welch Woodall Yoho NOES—372 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1056 Messrs. COLLINS of Georgia, HULTGREN, HARDY, ENGEL, FARR, and Ms. BASS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. POLIS, WELCH, HONDA, MCGOVERN, JORDAN, GRIJALVA, and COHEN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 51, noes 371, not voting 11, as follows: 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capuano Cohen DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Pallone Palmer Perry Polis Rice (SC) Rokita Royce Sanford Schrader Schweikert 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Fattah Grothman Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Pelosi Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1100 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 56, noes 363, not voting 14, as follows: 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capuano Clarke (NY) Cohen DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Labrador LaHood Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Pallone Palmer Perry Polis Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Royce Ruppersberger Sanford Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Stutzman Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Yoho NOES—363 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Fattah Granger Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Pelosi Russell Salmon Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1103 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 64, noes 360, not voting 9, as follows: 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Capuano Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Cohen DeFazio DesJarlais Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Grijalva Harris Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador LaHood Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern McNerney Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Nolan Pallone Palmer Perry Pingree Polis Rice (SC) Rokita Roskam Royce Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Yoho 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
Burgess Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1106 Mr. CASTRO of Texas changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 189, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Fattah Granger Grijalva Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1109 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 219, noes 202, not voting 12, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) 
Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Culberson Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hudson Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Sewell (AL) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1112 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 265, noes 159, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McDermott McGovern McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOES—159 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Zinke ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1118 Messrs. HARDY and HULTGREN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 200, noes 225, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—8 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1121 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 209, noes 216, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOES—216 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1124 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 212, noes 213, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1132 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the last three lines of the bill. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4974) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. For what purpose does the gentleman from Maryland, the minority whip, seek recognition? 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. I want to raise a parliamentary inquiry, initially, with reference to the fact that Mr. RYAN, our Speaker, has told us that, if people were in the well, the vote would be held open. I was standing in the well. No one came or no one had the courage to come into the well to change their vote. But notwithstanding that, the vote kept changing. Mr. Speaker, from a parliamentary perspective, how is that possible? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair may not yet have made a request for changes. Mr. HOYER. I saw no one come to the desk to change their vote, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman have a parliamentary inquiry? Mr. HOYER. The parliamentary inquiry is: How can the vote change when 
no one comes to the well to change their vote? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair may not yet have made a request for changes. Mr. HOYER. I didn’t hear the Chair request change. But I do know that, from my own personal observation, not one of those Members who apparently changed their vote—because it kept changing on the board—came to this well and had the courage to change from green to red or red to green. How is that possible, Mr. Speaker? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has not stated a parliamentary inquiry. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The question is on the amendments. The amendments were agreed to. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I did not hear and, therefore, was not able to ask for a recorded vote on the motion to rise. The Speaker did not articulate that so the House could hear it, and I request a vote on the motion to rise. Now, the Speaker may tell me we are past that point, but the fact of the matter is, nobody on this House floor heard the Speaker articulate the issue of whether the Committee ought to rise. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is definitely past that point. Is the gentleman seeking a recorded vote? Mr. HOYER. On the motion to rise, yes, sir. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has put the question on the adoption of the amendments. Mr. HOYER. I ask for a recorded vote on the adoption of the amendment. Which amendment is the Speaker talking about? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has put the question on the amendments reported from the Committee of the Whole. Mr. HOYER. Yes, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A recorded vote is requested. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote. It is my understanding that because the amendment was defeated, magically, without anybody coming to the well to change their vote, by giving to the majority the right to have the ability, without coming to the well and telling America that you were going to change a vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman’s request is withdrawn. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—9 
Buchanan Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1157 Mr. CUELLAR changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. FOXX). The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Members will record their votes by electronic device. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on passage will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 295, nays 129, not voting 9, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Fincher Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Rogers (AL) RoybalAllard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Quigley Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1209 Ms. PINGREE and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come. Madam Speaker, I thought I saw the whip. I am prepared to yield to someone to tell us the schedule for the week to come. Pending someone telling me about the schedule for the week to come, let me observe, as someone who has served, Madam Speaker, in this House for a very extended period of time— some 36 years—I was here in the era not too long ago, but long ago—when, if we had done to the Republicans what was done to us, what was done to switch votes so that discrimination could prevail, there would be outrage expressed long into the night from our Republican colleagues who would accuse us of undermining democracy, undermining this House, and making the House less than it should be. 217 people stood up and said: We ought not discriminate. And then, very frankly, Mr. Speaker, the leadership on the Republican side started its activity. And I have been the majority leader, I have been the whip. I understand that process. And they reached out to people and said: No, let us be able to discriminate. Let contractors be able to discriminate. Mr. Speaker, seven people who had voted not to allow discrimination decided perhaps that principle was not as important as they thought just a minute or so before. I have a list of those names here—a lamentable list of people who did the right thing, who stood up for nondiscrimination, and then were opportuned to change their vote. And the RECORD reflects, Mr. Speaker, sadly, that they changed their vote. I won’t characterize those votes, because that would not be in order on this floor. And they will have themselves to look at tonight in the mirror and explain to themselves whether their first vote was a principled vote, or whether they had a Damascus Road experience in the few minutes that transpired between their voting not to allow discrimination, until they later— just a few minutes later—at the opportuning of some of their leaders, voted to allow discrimination. A sad day, Mr. Speaker, in the history of the House. b1215 I still see no leader, unless Mr. DENT, who I have great respect for, wants to tell us what the schedule is for next week. I would be glad to yield to him for that purpose. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that the majority leader is not here. The majority leader has a very happy day today, and I congratulate him. His son is graduating from Georgetown, and he obviously needs to be there. I was hoping someone else could tell us the schedule. At this point in time, I would be glad to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), my friend, the chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to politely offer a viewpoint. I believe that we do not view that the issue was discrimination. We have the viewpoint that, earlier in the week, we 
brought forth a bill that passed 40–2 in the Committee on Armed Services, and that bill was brought forth to the Rules Committee, and we held hours and hours and hours and hours of hearing that Republicans and Democrats were not only welcome to attend, but did attend. The debate that we had on the issue was very full and was brought forth not only at the Rules Committee, but also on this floor. A decision therein was made. There was an opportunity for our Members to vote, and that is exactly what they did. And I am sure the gentleman would want every single Member to vote and have time to think about that vote until the time that the vote closed, and that is exactly what happened. So a characterization that this was discrimination would not be, in my opinion, fair or correct, from our perspective. And I appreciate the gentleman allowing me a chance to amplify that every Member of this body is entitled to their vote, and every Member of this body, without questioning, in my opinion, that vote, should be afforded that opportunity. So I stand on behalf of Republicans to say that we followed processes; we are following procedures; and we are following the opportunity for a Member of Congress to vote as they choose, and try not to impugn or to test that with applying the word ‘‘discrimination,’’ which I feel is not accurate under our intent. I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. And the gentleman will observe, I have neither mentioned the names, nor did I impugn their integrity or their motivation. What I said and what I will repeat is, initially they voted for an amendment that said there shall not be discrimination by contractors who get government money. That is what the amendment said. And they voted against discrimination, and for that amendment. But in a short period of time, they changed that vote, resulting in, not becoming law yet, but this House saying to the administration: You cannot require contractors not to discriminate. That was the effect of it. And characterizing the effect of a vote is what our debate is about, what our country’s values are about, what our country’s future is about, and the respect we have for every citizen in this country, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. And we ought not preclude those through discrimination. That I can characterize without impugning motives. But the effect of the vote, we had 217 people for nondiscrimination right up until the last moment. And by the way, the last moment was far beyond what Speaker RYAN has said ought to be the end of votes. Mr. SESSIONS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. If I could just finish my sentence, I will certainly do that. I talked to the Parliamentarians. Interestingly, the presiding officer did not ask: Does any Member want to change his vote? Because once that, as I understand it, is intoned, then the ability to change one’s vote, except to come forward and be seen in changing your vote, was not stated, which I suggest to the chairman of the Rules Committee, who knows the rules very well, is unusual—perhaps not against the rules—but unusual. And the vote was an extended vote. The Speaker, Speaker RYAN, has talked to us from the rostrum, saying that we want to keep votes to a limited period of time. Particularly, I would suggest, we all want to keep votes to a limited period of time when it is a socalled getaway day. But in this instance, that did not occur. In this instance, to change from 217 to a lesser number that was a losing number—215–214, I believe, was the final vote—excuse me, 212–213, 212 ‘‘ayes.’’ So five votes were switched, net. However, one person voted late. Again, seven people changed their vote. You are correct. They had a right to do that, but the consequences of that vote are subject to debate. And I raise for you, for this House, and for the American people, that the changing of those seven votes resulted in this House saying to the President of the United States: You cannot tell contractors that they cannot discriminate. That, I think, was unfortunate. I yield to my friend. Mr. SESSIONS. Thank you very much. First of all, let me state this: I am a Republican. We do not discriminate. We attempt to follow the law, and the gentleman knows that. We make laws, and those laws can be subject to interpretations of what is and what is not, but we follow the law, and the gentleman knows that. And we follow the law, and my party follows the law. Secondly, the decision had previously been made the night before. We were not trying to do that today. It was, once again, allowed under the rules because the gentleman accurately— whether it is appropriate or not, that is up to him—brought forth, under an open rule, a limiting amendment. But we had decided this the night before. And when people recognized what had happened, that this was a vote that had happened the night before, off of a committee vote out of the Committee on Armed Services that was 40–2, there were people who then recognized what they were doing. It is not unusual to have people vote and then change their vote. I have done that also. But the rules were followed despite, perhaps, different procedural ways in which a person is in the Chair. So I will tell you, I respect the gentleman, and you know me well. Mr. HOYER. I do. Mr. SESSIONS. I would not stand up here if I were for fear of one second of not being able to understand you and you understand me. I understand you. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. SESSIONS. And I thank the gentleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. But let me make an observation. I wish the gentleman would stay in the well because he might want to respond. I did not accuse the Republican Party of discriminating. I will not, at this point in time, hazard an opinion on that fact. However, I want to recall to the gentleman that, in the Armed Services Committee, after due consideration, the Armed Services Committee voted not to discriminate, not to discriminate against women, not to say to women: Yes, you can serve, but you don’t have to sign up for the draft. Many of us felt that if you are going to ask young men to sign up for the draft, young women ought to be treated equally. We felt not to do so was discrimination. That amendment passed in the committee and came to the Rules Committee—my understanding is—without a vote, without discussion. The rule that was issued from the Rules Committee said that, upon adoption of that rule, the adopted amendment in the Armed Services Committee, without a singular vote on this floor of the House, would be defeated. That, I say to the gentleman, was neither regular order, nor was it giving us an ability to make a decision on that issue. And I believe, I personally believe, that it results in continuing discrimination against young men and young women, one of which has to sign up, the other whom does not; but they both have to serve, or can serve voluntarily in the Armed Forces of the United States. So we may have a difference of opinion on whether or not that was, in fact, discrimination. But I will tell the gentleman that I was not happy, and I am still not happy that we did not have a vote on the floor about what we perceive to be discrimination. And I regret that the Rules Committee chose to hide in its rule the repeal of what the Armed Services Committee adopted. If the gentleman wants to respond, I will yield to him. Mr. SESSIONS. I will concur that I, in fact, did offer in the bill a selfexecuted portion. Not trying to take advantage of the gentleman, it had nothing to do with the draft. So I will agree that I did take a piece. And to save this body, because a number of people who did vote for it in committee—which became a voice vote—did wish to change their opinion. But it had nothing to do with the draft, sir. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, it seems what the gentleman is saying is that people vote not to discriminate, and then some time a little later on, they have an epiphany that perhaps discrimination is okay. Perhaps that is what the gentleman said. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I would ask an indulgence. It had nothing to do with discrimination. It had to do with a new policy. And it is true that I did rule and put a selfexecuting rule in that did answer the question about the desire of the committee to handle this issue, and I did it accordingly. I thank the gentleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, it appears that no one is going to be able to tell me what the schedule is for the week to come. I will tell you that that is unfortunate. I hope there is a schedule for the week to come because there is a lot to be done. We haven’t finalized Zika. We passed a bill here which we think was inadequate. We haven’t dealt with Flint. We need to pass Puerto Rico restructuring. I think they have made some progress on that. I congratulate the Speaker and the leader for facilitating that progress. We don’t have a voting rights bill scheduled. We need to do that. There are a number of other serious pieces of legislation this House needs to consider. We are going to go out next week, and we will have no colloquy next week, Mr. Speaker. There will be no opportunity to discuss the schedule for, obviously, the break, and we will have no schedule for June or the weeks thereafter to do some of the serious business that confronts us and to help some of the people in this country who need help. Having said that, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that nobody on the other side is going to have any response. I yield back the balance of my time. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2814. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. f 
b1230 COMMENDING COMMUNITIES BATTLING THE OPIOID AND HEROIN EPIDEMIC (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend several communities in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District that are taking a stand in the battle against our Nation’s opioid abuse and heroin epidemic. Last evening I chaired a hearing here on Capitol Hill on this epidemic, and just this morning I learned of two townhall meetings, one held last night in Titusville in Crawford County and the other held Tuesday evening in Ridgway in Elk County. These communities, like countless others across Pennsylvania and our Nation, have witnessed firsthand the tragic impact of this epidemic. Elk County is ranked ninth in Pennsylvania in overdose deaths per population of 100,000 people, while Crawford County has seen its overdose deaths double in the past 4 years. I am proud to see these communities come together to see what can be done to help turn the tide against the scourge of prescription drug abuse and heroin use. I am also proud of the package passed last week—18 bills—here in the House which will make grant funding available to State and local governments for the creation of opioid reduction programs, create a task force to review prescribing practices, and care for babies who are born opioid dependent. In the future, I look forward to further partnerships with Federal, State, and local officials, along with these communities, in winning this battle. f 
VA MEDICAL MARIJUANA (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, today the House did do one good thing, and that was to take a major step forward with the historic passage of an amendment that removes the barriers for our Veterans Administration health professionals to discuss alternative treatments—specifically, medical marijuana—with their patients in States like Nevada, where it is legal. This comes on the heels of action last week addressing the opioid epidemic that is plaguing our Nation, and it is especially heartbreaking in our veteran community where these drugs are being overprescribed for pain treatment and PTSD. The amendment passed today, which I was pleased to offer and to support, will provide additional tools for our medical professionals in the treatment of our veterans so they won’t have to resort to opioids. I am proud that this amendment did have bipartisan support; but moving forward, we must continue to reform our outdated policies and laws and bring Congress into step with the State legislatures in over half of the States in the country that have moved forward on this issue. 
RECOGNIZING GREG PARKER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Greg Parker, founder and president of Parker’s Market and gas stations in coastal Georgia and South Carolina. Mr. Parker found his way to an immensely successful business through hard work and dedication. Mr. Parker’s father ran a gas station in Midway, Georgia, allowing Mr. Parker to learn the business through pumping gas and cleaning customers’ windshields. After graduation from the University of Georgia, Mr. Parker began to work relentlessly in his father’s gas station. He managed a convenience store, cooked food for customers, and also pumped gas and cleaned windshields. Now Parker’s has 45 stores up and down the coast of Georgia and South Carolina, with a total of 600 employees. Furthermore, Parker’s Market plans to build 17 new stores in the next 13 months. The Savannah Morning News even named him the 2013 Entrepreneur of the Year. Mr. Parker’s service to the First Congressional District of Georgia does not end with his successful business, as he also generously donates each year to local schools and hospitals. f 
PROVISIONS HARMFUL TO IMMIGRANTS AND AMERICA (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, last night we voted on the National Defense Authorization Act, and today we voted on a military construction and Veterans Affairs bill. Both contain provisions that are harmful to immigrants and America. I proposed two amendments to the NDAA, and I am disappointed that they were not given a chance to be voted on. The NDAA bill that passed prohibits the use of unused military grounds to house unaccompanied immigrant children while their asylum case is being processed. My amendment would have allowed the Office of Refugee Resettlement to increase its shelter capacity by temporarily housing unaccompanied children in unused DOD facilities. I also offered an amendment that would guarantee DACA recipients with indemand skills to enlist in our military through the MAVNI program for as long as the program exists. To deny brave and dedicated men and women the opportunity to defend this great Nation is just unAmerican. 
SUPPORTING OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN UNIFORM (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend my colleagues for supporting and passing the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The NDAA reaffirms our commitment to supporting our men and women in uniform by enhancing pay and benefits for our servicemembers and their families, providing not only for the country as a whole, but also for back home in the 12th Congressional District of Georgia. 
It authorizes full funding requested by the Army for construction projects at Fort Gordon—projects that bring stateoftheart technology and training to our troops—and authorizes funding for the Savannah River Site so that it can continue leading the globe in nuclear waste management. I am very pleased the committee adopted the Allen amendment expanding Army cyber ROTC programs to those universities already working with our Nation’s service academies, like Augusta University in my district. Simply put, the NDAA is a key piece to our national security, and I was proud to wholeheartedly support it. Our troops deserve it, and our national security depends on it. 
RECOGNIZING THE GREAT LOSS OF EMILIO NAVAIRA (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the great loss of Grammywinning Mexican American Tejano and country music star, Emilio Navaira. Emilio was born in San Antonio, Texas, in 1962 and found musical inspiration in not only traditional Tejano legends, but also American country greats such as Willie Nelson and George Strait. His passion and love for music grew and grew; and when he graduated from McCollum High School in 1980, he attended Texas State University, where he received a music scholarship and majored in music. Although he planned to become a teacher, he ultimately followed his passion and became an awardwinning singer, songwriter, and performer in both the U.S. and Mexico markets. He started his career with Tejano band David Lee Garza y Los Musicales in the late 1980s, and was remembered for sharing the stage several times with another Tejano music legend, Selena. Emilio, lovingly known as the Garth Brooks of Tejano, was widely credited with introducing Tejano music into the mainstream that we know and love today. Although we mourn the loss of this Mexican American music legend, his memory will live on forever. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor, and I also rise to challenge. My honoring is to acknowledge the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial and to honor those who have fallen in battle, and to acknowledge the fact that an officer is killed somewhere in the United States every 60 hours, and there are also 58,930 assaults and 15,404 injuries. So I salute those who have fallen and offer my sympathy to their families, but I recognize that it is important to honor them, and we do honor them. That is why I rise today with sadness on what we did on the floor of the House, where we actually said to the LGBT community that serve in the United States military or by contracting work serve the United States Government, that you are not equal. How sad that is. I am looking forward to this House, next week, overturning that dastardly provision that says that one American who comes under the Constitution is not equal. Finally, let me say that we are suffering from the possibility of the Zika virus, and this House must fully fund for the Zika virus epidemic that is coming. Mr. Speaker, this week the nation observes National Police Week, as we have since President John F. Kennedy first proclaimed National Peace Officers Memorial Day on May 15, 1962. The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial is the nation’s monument to law enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty. Dedicated on October 15, 1991, the Memorial honors federal, state and local law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our nation and its people. Carved on its walls are the names of 20,789 officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history, dating back to the first known death in 1791. Added to the Wall this year will be the names of the 123 police officers killed in the line of duty in 2015. Mr. Speaker, enshrined on the Memorial Wall of Honor also are the names of 1,695 fallen peace officers from the state of Texas, the most of any state, including 114 members of the Houston Police Department who gave their lives to keep their city safe. I include a list of these fallen heroes from Houston, Texas. Mr. Speaker, today there are more than 900,000 law enforcement personnel serving the people of our country, the highest amount ever. About 12 percent of them are female. These brave men and women risk their lives to keep the peace and keep us safe but they are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. Every year, a law enforcement officer is killed somewhere in the United States every 60 hours, and there are also 58,930 assaults against our law officers each year, resulting in 15,404 injuries. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Law Enforcement Caucus I am proud to represent the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas in paying tribute to the 123 fallen heroes who will be joining the 20,789 gallant men and women who gave the last full measure of devotion to the communities they took an oath to protect and serve. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me pay tribute to one of the finest public servants America has produced, Lee Patrick Brown, who is perhaps best known to the law enforcement community as the ‘‘The Father of Community Policing.’’ Lee Brown was appointed in 1982 as the first AfricanAmerican Chief of Police of the Houston Police Department, where he pioneered techniques in community policing to reduce crime that still used throughout the country today. Lee Brown enjoyed a long and distinguished career leading several of the nation’s most important and largest police departments, including those of Atlanta, Georgia, and New York City, before becoming the first African American Mayor of Houston, Texas in 1997. Following Lee Brown as Chief of the Houston Police Department were the following good and true public servants: Elizabeth Watson (1990–1992); Sam Nuchia (1992–1997); Clarence Bradford (1997–2004); Harold Hunt (2004–2009); and Charles McClelland (2010– 2016). Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence in memory of the officers whose names will be added to the National Peace Officers Memorial Wall of Honor. HOUSTON LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS  MEMORIALIZED ON THE WALL OF HONOR  1. TIMOTHY SCOTT ABERNETHY, End of Watch: December 7, 2008, Houston, Texas, P.D. 2. CHARLES H BAKER, End of Watch: August 16, 1979, Houston, Texas, P.D. 3. JOHNNY TERRELL BAMSCH, End of Watch: January 30, 1975, Houston, Texas, P.D. 4. CLAUDE R BECK, End of Watch: December 10, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 5. JACK B BEETS, End of Watch: March 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 6. TROY A BLANDO, End of Watch: May 19, 1999, Houston, Texas, P.D. 7. JAMES CHARLES BOSWELL, End of Watch: December 9, 1989, Houston, Texas, P.D. 8. C E BRANON, End of Watch: March 20, 1959, Houston, Texas, P.D. 9. JOHN M CAIN, End of Watch: August 3, 1911, Houston, Texas, P.D. 10. RICHARD H CALHOUN, End of Watch: October 10, 1975, Houston Texas Police Department. 11 DIONICIO M CAMACHO, End of Watch: October 23, 2009, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 12. HENRY CANALES, End of Watch: June 23, 2009, Houston, Texas, P.D. 13. FRANK MANUEL CANTU JR, End of Watch: March 25, 2004, Houston, Texas, P.D. 14. E C CHAVEZ, End of Watch: September 17, 1925, Houston, Texas, P.D. 15. CHARLES ROY CLARK, End of Watch: April 3, 2003, Houston, Texas, P.D. 16. CHARLES ROBERT COATES II, End of Watch: February 23, 1983, Houston, Texas, P.D. 17. PETE CORRALES, End of Watch: January 25, 1925, Houston, Texas, P.D. 18. RUFUS E DANIELS, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 19. JOHNNIE DAVIDSON, End of Watch: February 19, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 20. WORTH DAVIS, End of Watch: June 17, 1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 21. KEITH ALAN DEES, End of Watch: March 7, 2002, Houston, Texas, P.D. 22. REUBEN BECERRA DELEON, JR, End of Watch: October 26, 2005, Houston, Texas, P.D. 23. WILLIAM EDWIN DELEON, End of Watch: March 29, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 24. FLOYD T DELOACH JR, End of Watch: June 30, 1965, Houston, Texas, P.D. 25. GEORGE D EDWARDS, End of Watch: June 30, 1939, Houston, Texas, P.D. 26. DAWN SUZANNE ERICKSON, End of Watch: December 24, 1995, Houston, Texas, P.D. 27. J C ETHERIDGE, End of Watch: August 23, 1924, Houston, Texas, P.D. 28. JAMES E FENN, End of Watch: March 14, 1891, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
29. E D FITZGERALD, End of Watch: September 30, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 30. C EDWARD FOLEY, End of Watch: March 10, 1860, Houston, Texas, P.D. 31. JOSEPH ROBERT FREE, End of Watch: October 18, 1912, Houston, Texas, P.D. 32. GUY P GADDIS, End of Watch: January 31, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 33. JAMES T GAMBILL, End of Watch: December 1, 1936, Houston, Texas, P.D. 34. FLORENTINO M GARCIA JR, End of Watch: November 10, 1989, Houston, Texas, P.D. 35. BEN EDDIE GERHART, End of Watch: June 26, 1968, Houston, Texas, P.D. 36. G Q GONZALEZ, End of Watch: February 28, 1960, Houston, Texas, P.D. 37. CHARLES R GOUGENHEIM, End of Watch: April 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 38. CARL GREENE, End of Watch: March 14, 1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 39. LEON GRIGGS, End of Watch: January 31, 1970, Houston, Texas, P.D. 40. MARIA MICHELLE GROVES, End of Watch: April 10, 1987, Houston, Texas, P.D. 41. GARY ALLEN GRYDER, End of Watch: June 29, 2008, Houston, Texas, P.D. 42. ANTONIO GUZMAN JF, End of Watch: January 9, 1973, Houston, Texas, P.D. 43. HOWARD B HAMMOND, End of Watch: August 18, 1946, Houston, Texas, P.D. 44. JAMES DONALD HARRIS, End of Watch: July 13, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 45. DAVID MICHAEL HEALY, End of Watch: November 12, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 46. TIMOTHY A HEARN, End of Watch: June 8, 1978, Houston, Texas, P.D. 47. OSCAR HOPE, End of Watch: June 22, 1929, Houston, Texas, P.D. 48. ELSTON M HOWARD, End of Watch: July 20, 1988, Houston, Texas, P.D. 49. DAVID HUERTA, End of Watch: September 19, 1973, Houston, Texas, P.D. 50. JAMES BRUCE IRBY, End of Watch: June 27, 1990, Houston, Texas, P.D. 51. BOBBY L JAMES, End of Watch: June 26, 1968, Houston, Texas, P.D. 52. JOHN C JAMES, End of Watch: December 12, 1901, Houston, Texas, P.D. 53. RODNEY JOSEPH JOHNSON, End of Watch: September 21, 2006, Houston, Texas, P.D. 54. ED JONES, End of Watch: September 13, 1929, Houston, Texas, P.D. 55. P P JONES, End of Watch: January 30, 1927, Houston, Texas, P.D. 56. FRANK L KELLOGG, End of Watch: November 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 57. S A BUSTER KENT, End of Watch: January 12, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 58. JAMES F KILTY, End of Watch: April 8, 1976, Houston, Texas, P.D. 59. KENT DEAN KINCAID, End of Watch: May 23, 1998, Houston, Texas, P.D. 60. LOUIS R KUBA, End of Watch: May 17, 1967, Houston, Texas, P.D. 61. J D LANDRY, End of Watch: December 3, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 62. ROBERT WAYNE LEE, End of Watch: January 31, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 63. FRED MADDOX JR, End of Watch: February 24, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 64. EYDELMEN MANI, End of Watch: May 19, 2010, Houston, Texas, P.D. 65. A P MARSHALL, End of Watch: November 8, 1937, Houston, Texas, P.D. 66. CHARLES R MCDANIEL, End of Watch: August 4, 1963, Houston, Texas, P.D. 67. E G MEINKE, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 68. HARRY MERENESS, End of Watch: October 18, 1933, Houston, Texas, P.D. 69. NOEL R MILLER, End of Watch: June 6, 1958, Houston, Texas, P.D. 70. KENNETH L MOODY, End of Watch: November 26, 1969, Houston, Texas, P.D. 71. HORACE MOODY, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 72. WILLIAM MOSS, End of Watch: September 12, 1983, Houston Airport Police, Texas. 73. DAVE MURDOCK, End of Watch: June 27, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 74. WILLIAM E MURPHY, End of Watch: April 1, 1910, Houston, Texas, P.D. 75. DAVID FRANKLIN NOEL, End of Watch: June 17, 1972, Houston, Texas, P.D. 76. M E PALMER, End of Watch: March 24, 1938, Houston, Texas, P.D. 77. ISAAC PARSON, End of Watch: May 24, 1914, Houston, Texas, P.D. 78. ROSS PATTON, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 79. W B PHARES, End of Watch: September 
30, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 80. HERBERT N PLANER, End of Watch: February 18, 1965, Houston, Texas, P.D. 81. IRA RANEY, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 82. WINSTON J RAWLINGS, End of Watch: March 29, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 83. JERRY LAWRENCE RILEY, End of Watch: June 18, 1974, Houston, Texas, P.D. 84. JOHN CHARLES RISLEY, End of Watch: October 23, 2000, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 85. SANDRA ANN ROBBINS, End of Watch: March 17, 1991, South Houston, Texas, P.D. 86. GEORGE G ROJAS, End of Watch: January 28, 1976, Houston, Texas, P.D. 87. MICHAEL P ROMAN, End of Watch: January 6, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 88. JOHN ANTHONY SALVAGGIO, End of Watch: November 25, 1990, Houston, Texas, P.D. 89. LOUIS L SANDER, End of Watch: January 21, 1967, Houston, Texas, P.D. 90. JEFFERY SCOTT SANFORD, End of Watch: September 14, 1991, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 91. KATHLEEN C SCHAEFER, End of Watch: August 18, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 92. ROBERT SCHULTEA, End of Watch: August 25, 1956, Houston, Texas, P.D. 93. DARYL WAYNE SHIRLEY, End of Watch: April 28, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 94. RICHARD SNOW, End of Watch: March 17, 1882, Houston, Texas, P.D. 95. BRUNO DAVID SOBOLESKI, End of Watch: April 12, 1991, Houston, Texas, P.D. 96. JERRY LEON SPRUILL, End of Watch: October 27, 1972, Houston, Texas, P.D. 97. R H SULLIVAN, End of Watch: March 9, 1935, Houston, Texas, P.D. 98. JOHN W SUTTLE, End of Watch: August 3, 1959, Houston, Texas, P.D. 99. CUONG HUY TRINH, End of Watch: April 6, 1997, Houston, Texas, P.D. l00. ALBERTO VASQUEZ, End of Watch: May 22, 2001, Houston, Texas, P.D. 101. JAMES T WALKER, End of Watch: March 8, 1963, Houston, Texas, P.D. 102. VICTOR R WELLS III, End of Watch: October 2, 1980, Houston, Texas, P.D. 103. R O WELLS, End of Watch: July 30, 1927, Houston, Texas, P.D. 104. ALBERT CHARLES WILKINS, End of Watch: January 6, 1978, Harris County, Texas, C.O. 105. KEVIN SCOTT WILL, End of Watch: May 29, 2011, Houston, Texas, P.D. 106. HENRY WILLIAMS, End of Watch: February 8, 1886, Houston, Texas, P.D. 107. WILLIAM C WILLIAMS JR, End of Watch: April 16, 1930, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 108. EDD WILLIAMS, End of Watch: January 12, 1974, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 109. JAMES FRANKLIN WILLIS, End of Watch: July 1, 1964, Houston, Texas, P.D. 110. MARVIN ALTON WINTER, End of Watch: December 4, 1937, Harris County, Texas, C.O., Pct. 4 111. ANDREW WINZER, End of Watch: February 18, 1988, Houston, Texas, P.D. 112. JETER YOUNG, End of Watch: June 19, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 113. HERMAN YOUNGST, End of Watch: December 12, 1901, Houston, Texas, P.D. 114. JOE A ZAMARRON, 60–W: 2, End of Watch: April 18, 1981, Houston, Texas, P.D f RECOGNIZING LAUREN MORRIS SCHULMAN (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon to recognize the remarkable career of Lauren Morris Schulman. After more than 13 years, Ms. Schulman is retiring as the Florida political director of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, AIPAC, the largest proIsrael advocacy organization in the country. Lauren began her political career 26 years ago and served in a variety of positions with the late Congressman Bill Lehman, E. Clay Shaw, Jr., Florida State Senator Gwen Margolis, and MiamiDade County Commissioner Sally Heyman. Lauren has adroitly mobilized and engaged Florida’s proIsrael community. She has led our citizen activists in building relationships with Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, key to the success of the proIsrael movement. Lauren has helped all Floridians understand how, against all odds, Israel has become a prospering democracy whose groundbreaking contributions in technology, medicine, and environmental innovation have benefited the world. Lauren’s commitment to our community and the State of Israel is exemplary, and I am proud to call her my constituent and good friend. Our loss is her husband Cliff’s and her family’s gain. I wish a hearty mazel tov to Lauren and thank her for her invaluable work. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2016, TO MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 23, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KATKO ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is amazing sometimes the way, in the heat of dispute, argument—sometimes 
any of us can have it happen to us— people don’t think clearly. I have been here for nearly 11
1⁄2years in Congress. It is a tremendous honor to get to be the servant for the people of east Texas. But in that 11
1⁄2years, 4 of them the Democrats were in the majority, and my friend from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) was the majority leader during those 4 years, and the rules never changed with regard to how the electronic voting worked. For the last 11
1⁄2years, it has always been the same. And that is, we could take our voting card—and it has a little computer chip in it. It doesn’t matter which we way put our card in the box. If the blue light on the box is lit, it means that box is open for voting. Most every other row has a voting box on the back. We take our card, and we put it in the slot whichever way. It recognizes the oneofakind computer chip that belongs to that 1 of 435 Members, and then you can hit the green button for ‘‘yea,’’ the red button the ‘‘nay,’’ the yellow button for ‘‘present.’’ The blue light is on there. It is next in order on the box, but it can’t be pushed. It just lets you know the box is open for voting. Toward the end of a vote, particularly a 15minute vote, the Speaker will not have gaveled the vote dead, but oftentimes the box goes dead right before the gavel comes down. Even to that point, you can still change your vote, but it is just when the blue light goes out, you can’t do it at the box. You have to come down to the well. What I have noticed every year for the last 11
1⁄2years that I have been here, if we are voting on a 15minute vote—and all of us have probably done it at one time or another—if you need to change your vote, maybe you looked up and, for example, sometimes one person has multiple amendments, and you see their name and it is their amendment, and you say, ‘‘Oh, I was not going to vote for that,’’ and you vote ‘‘no’’ and you need to change your vote to ‘‘yes,’’ you can still change your vote at the box. On a 15minute vote, once you get past 5 minutes, you normally have to come down to the well and get a green card for ‘‘yea,’’ a red card for ‘‘nay,’’ or a yellow card for ‘‘present’’ or ‘‘abstaining’’ and change your vote that way. But on a 5minute vote or a 2 minute vote, if you need to change your vote, you didn’t understand the significance, it constantly happens that people change their vote. b1245 But to change their vote, if you have your voting card, you have been able to change it at the box on a 5minute vote or a 2minute vote. Every now and then, before the gavel comes down, the blue light will go off on the box, so you can no longer change your vote or vote at that box. That is when you hear someone yelling, ‘‘One more, one more,’’ and they come rushing down the aisle to get the vote in before the gavel comes down. Now, in 111⁄2years, only one time has there been a massive and gross violation of the rules the way we have followed them in bringing a vote to a conclusion. I can understand my friend from Maryland being sensitive, because this happened on his watch as majority leader. But Republicans were in the minority, and yet there was a vote. I don’t even remember if it was a bill or an amendment. I think it was an amendment. But the Republicans voting against the amendment had enough Democrats voting with us that we were bringing down a Democratic amendment or bill, and it was left open for enough time that anybody that wanted to change could have changed. When the Democrat in the chair felt that enough time had passed, no other changes were being made, and the measure being voted on had failed, then the gavel came down. The rule has always been that when the gavel comes down, there can be no further changing of the vote. Perhaps, the majority leader, at that time HOYER , had forgotten. But that was the time they violated their own rules. A subsequent investigation confirmed that. They violated the rules and allowed someone whose arm they were twisting to vote after the gavel came down to change the vote, change the outcome of the vote. That didn’t happen here today. And the vote wasn’t held open very long at all after the end of the time running out. Sometimes, whether it is Democrats or Republicans in the majority, it runs to zero. But if, in the opinion of the Chair or the Speaker, there is somebody wanting to change their vote or somebody that is making a good faith effort to get here to vote, they will leave the vote open. Sometimes, like when Speaker PELOSI was meeting with President Obama at the White House and wasn’t getting back in time, or Majority Leader HOYER , and they weren’t getting back in time, well, that vote would be held open to give them time well beyond the zero, zero, zero, so they could cast that vote. Nobody objected because we knew they were making a good faith effort to get here. I understand sometimes we forget things that we have been doing for a number of years. And especially in the heat of debate and a verbal battle here on the floor, people can forget what they have been doing for many, many years. But that has been the way the voting and the rules on voting have worked and been interpreted for many years. So I was greatly surprised to hear the former majority leader challenging on the basis that people didn’t come into the well to change their vote on either a 5minute or a 2minute vote. Well, they have always been able to change their vote. The voting boxes were open. Anyway, we all have those mental lapses where we forget things that we have been doing for years. I mean, it just happens, and especially here on the floor. There is nothing to be taken from former Majority Leader HOYER  forgetting how the rules were when he was majority leader and forgetting how they have been all these years since, so no hard feelings. He just had a mental lapse and forgot how the rules have been ever since he has been here the entire time. There has been a great deal of todo and a lot of wailing and gnashing of teeth about what I would term the ‘‘Iranian crisis’’ because it truly is a crisis that this administration has enabled Iran to go ahead and develop nuclear weapons to continue down that path. Even though they are supposed to be prohibited, they continued to develop missiles that eventually will be capable of delivering nuclear weapons onto the United States. They have got missiles to deliver them on to Israel right now. But as Prime Minister Netanyahu so ably has pointed out from this very rostrum right up here, those missiles they are developing now are not for Israel. They can already reach Israel. Those are for the Great Satan. So it was deeply troubling to hear the confessions and admissions of the White House adviser consultant mouthpiece, Ben Rhodes, reveal that the administration—and I am being careful not to use any specific names. I am addressing generally the administration—that the administration had to lie to the American people and had to lie to the House and Senate about how evil Iran really was and had to talk about how moderate they were when, actually, the fact is, apparently, under the socalled moderate President Rouhani, there have been more people put to death than even under the former President Ahmadinejad. This man is no moderate. Though the American people were fed lies about the negotiations, they were having to negotiate, either directly or indirectly, with the Ayatollah Khamenei. They don’t make big decisions like a nuclear weapons deal, unless the religious leader, the Ayatollah Khamenei, actually agreed, just like his predecessor, the Ayatollah Khomeini. So just like with the revelations about ObamaCare, now that we have had someone working behind the scenes with the administration who revealed, yes, the reason ObamaCare passed was because people are such fools, they were able to fool them into voting for a bill that was really not anything like what was being represented. And yet along comes Ben Rhodes, and he admits they did the same thing on ObamaCare that they did on the Iranian treaty. Now, I understand the administration has never called it a treaty, and there are people in the Senate who have not had the courage to call it a treaty, but it is a treaty. You can’t change a nuclear proliferation treaty 
with an executive agreement or an executive order. It can’t be done. It has to be done with another treaty. So, clearly, there are a number of things that made clear that the Iranian deal was a treaty. It should have been brought to the floor of the Senate. It still should be. It is time. You can do it any time this year. You could do it with 51 votes of the Senate setting aside cloture and saying, the Iranian treaty is a treaty, it is going to allow Iran to have nuclear weapons that will allow them to devastate both the Little Satan, in their opinion Israel, and the Great Satan, the United States, and it needs to be stopped. So, hopefully, the courage will abound eventually in the Senate and we will get that vote. And therefore, people with standing could go to court and stop the flood of millions of dollars to Iran, which has already said that with the billions of dollars, $100 billion to $150 billion in the first year this administration is going to make available, they are going to commit so much more to terrorism than they ever had. Then we get this story just a few days ago from the Washington Free Beacon entitled, Iran Shows Off Third Underground Missile Site. It says: ‘‘Iran’s military recently publicized a third underground missile facility and showed the launch of a new ballistic missile through the top of a mountain. ‘‘It was the third time since October that Tehran showed off an extensive network of underground missile facilities. The new video, however, for the first time, shows a missile launch from one of the country’s underground launch facilities. ‘‘Disclosure of the new video comes as Iran this week conducted the third launch of a ballistic missile since January, when the nuclear deal aimed at curbing Iran’s nuclear weapons development went into effect.’’ And I would submit, that part of the story is inaccurate. It is being considered to have gone into effect, but it is a treaty that was never ratified by the U.S. Senate, and it is an ineffective treaty. But the Obama administration is choosing to act as if the Iranian agreement really is an effective treaty. Iran has shown they have no intention of following that agreement. They have violated it a number of times. And the only reason Iran would have the gall to go forward and say, Hey, look, we have got a third underground missile site, we are going to let you see a launch, we don’t care that the world knows that we are violating this last agreement with Obama and Kerry and Wendy Sherman that helped give North Korea nuclear weapons in the Clinton administration, we don’t care that they know because we have now seen that this administration will not stand up to us, they will let us push them around, they will even let us take their soldiers or their naval officers, their naval seamen captive, violate virtually every treaty on the treatment of prisoners, humiliate the American sailors, force them to lie on camera, and after all that is said and done, we will get the Secretary of State to come back and thank us. I mean, it is like from ‘‘Animal House,’’ Kevin Bacon being beaten saying, Thank you, sir, may I have another? Iran has figured out they are the senior pledges, and this administration will take a beating and keep asking, Thank you, sir, may I have another? And Iran is all that willing to give them another and another. The trouble is this isn’t a comedy movie, this is real life. Christians and Jews are being targeted, persecuted, and killed in greater numbers than at any time in the history of the world. The Middle East is on fire, except Israel is a place of stability. But if this administration has its will, it will become a powder keg before long as well. Libya had become more stable. And after the United States went into Iraq, because Saddam Hussein continued to refuse to abide by the orders of the U.N. that were passed by huge majorities, requiring them to disclose what they had, he wouldn’t comply, most everybody was—including those who now say, I voted for it, I really wasn’t for it—but, at the time, people thought, look, this guy must have something to hide because he is certainly not letting us get in to see what weapons he has. Other reports indicate that they had been taken from Iraq and were no longer present. But either way, it scared Qadhafi enough that, as some of the Israeli leaders have told me, we were shocked when you provided the firepower, the planes, and the bombs that made it possible to eliminate Qadhafi because, yeah, he had blood on his hands before 2003, but after 2003, he helped you more in fighting terrorism than anybody but us, and you took him out, and look what happened as a result. b1300 It turned Egypt upside down. There are problems in Albania, problems all over North Africa, problems for the Middle East and North Africa both, problems coming down now of radical Islamists in Nigeria and other, more central African countries. They have paid a heavy price for the improper leadership of this administration here in the United States. It is just tragic how many have lost their lives already. Then we hear reports that in Nigeria—and I heard it when I was in Nigeria and was trying to help the Nigerian families whose daughters had been abducted—that this administration, behind the scenes, was saying: Look, we will help you with Boko Haram, with the terrorism—although they don’t like to use that word—with the radical extremism that is occurring in Nigeria. If you will change your laws, violate your religious beliefs, allow samesex marriage, and pay for abortion, then we will help you. As one Nigerian Catholic bishop said: Our religious beliefs are not for sale, not to the U.S. President, not to anybody. I have an article that goes on about the situation with Iran. This is also from May 12: ‘‘Kerry’s Peculiar Message About Iran for European Banks.’’ It reads: ‘‘U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Thursday in London with a group of European financial institutions for a discussion about ‘Iranian banking matters.’ The meeting, which followed repeated complaints by Iranian officials that they aren’t getting the benefit of the bargain under the nuclear deal, was an effort by the State Department to persuade major nonU.S. banks that doing Iranrelated business is not only permitted following the relaxation of Iran sanctions, but is actually encouraged. ‘‘The irony will not be lost on these financial institutions. Most of them were similarly gathered almost 10 years ago by U.S. Treasury Henry Paulson to discuss Iranian banking matters, but that discussion focused on protecting the integrity of the global financial system against the risk posed by Iran. ‘‘In the decade that followed, the George W. Bush and Obama administrations, as well as the U.K. and other governments, the European Union, and the United Nations, all imposed extensive sanctions targeting Iran’s illicit and deceptive conduct. Banks were briefed extensively and repeatedly by the U.S. Treasury Department on the details of Iran’s conduct. The Financial Action Task Force, the global standardsetting body for antimoney laundering and counterterrorist financing, warned about the financial crime risks posed by Iran as a jurisdiction. The result: Iran became a financial pariah. ‘‘No one has claimed that Iran has ceased to engage in much of the same conduct for which it was sanctioned, including actively supporting terrorism and building and testing ballistic missiles; but now Washington is pushing nonU.S. banks to do what is still illegal for American banks to do. ‘‘This is a very odd position for the U.S. Government to be taking.’’ It is shocking that this administration continues to be complicit with the largest supporter of terrorism in the world. How many lives will be lost because of this complicity? There was a time when America would not tolerate the kind of treatment of Americans that occurred to our seamen when they were taken captive. Not only did we not come to their defense, we praised Iran and thanked them for being so gracious for the manner in which they abused our sailors. This article goes on. It reads: ‘‘On the one hand, Washington is continuing to prohibit American banks and companies from doing Iranrelated business. In February, the FATF’’— that is the Financial Action Task 
Force—‘‘reaffirmed its prior concerns about the ’serious threat’ Iran poses to the international financial system, urging countries to apply effective countermeasures. The U.S. Treasury Department’s designation of Iran, including its central bank and financial institutions, as a primary money laundering concern also still stands. As part of that designation, Treasury determined that ‘the international financial system is increasingly vulnerable to the risk that otherwise responsible financial institutions will, unwittingly, participate in Iran’s illicit activities.’ ‘‘On the other hand, Mr. Kerry wants nonU.S. banks to do business with Iran without a U.S. repudiation of its prior statements about the associated financial crime risks. There are no assurances as to how such activity would subsequently be viewed by U.S. regulatory and law enforcement authorities, which might seek to take enforcement action against banks that enter the Iranian market and run afoul of complicated U.S. restrictions. The State Department neither controls nor plays any meaningful role in the enforcement decisions of these authorities. ‘‘Washington has warned repeatedly that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps controls broad swaths of the Iranian economy. The IRGC remains sanctioned by both the United States and the European Union because of the central role it plays in Iran’s illicit conduct. When the U.S., EU, and U.N. removed sanctions from several hundred Iranian banks and companies, there were no assurances that the conduct of those banks and companies had changed. ‘‘This will present a challenge for European banks. HSBC is endeavoring to implement consistent and high standards across its global operations, designed to combat financial crime and prevent abuse by illicit actors. We have more work to do, but achieving that objective is one of our highest priorities. This approach is rightly expected by our regulators, including in the U.K. and the U.S. ‘‘Our decisions will be driven by the financial crime risks and the underlying conduct. For these reasons, HSBC has no intention of doing any new business involving Iran. Governments can lift sanctions, but the private sector is still responsible for managing its own risk and, no doubt, will be held accountable if it falls short.’’ That was from May 12, and it appears to be somebody who certainly knows the banking business. I would like to comment a bit about, again, our illegal immigration problems and our porous borders because the administration continues to act as if all is well—all is well—when it is not well. An article from May 19: ‘‘Previously Deported Illegal Alien Allegedly Killed Prom Teen.’’ ‘‘The man that Houston police say was driving drunk and evading arrest when he crashed into a car, killing a young woman on her way home from the prom, is listed by Federal officials as a previously deported illegal alien.’’ ‘‘Edin PalaciosRodas, a 27yearold previously deported illegal alien from Guatemala, has now had an immigration detainer placed on him after being processed into the Harris County Jail on one count of felony murder and one count of felony evading resulting in death and serious bodily injury.’’ It is still going on. With that going on, this administration continues to push for and has allies in Congress pushing for what they are calling sentencing reform when, actually, it won’t be reform as much as it will be rather devastating. The pendulum on criminal justice swings back and forth. Most history shows that it has always been and probably will always be, whether a totalitarian government or a democratic republic such as ours. My friend in the Senate, Senator JEFF SESSIONS , has an article, again, from May 19 that reads: ‘‘Senator JEFFSESSIONS warns that Congress must be careful to ensure the sentencing reductions bills pending before Congress did not boost already rising crime rates and ‘sign death warrants’ for innocent victims.’’ ‘‘The Sentencing Reform and Correction Act, which the Alabama Republican opposes, hews to Obama’s anti law enforcement agenda and could cost an enormous human toll, Senator SESSIONS said. ‘Frankly, this is Obama’s policy and the Attorney General who he’s appointed, Loretta Lynch’s policy, and Eric Holder’s before her, to basically cut people’s sentences that have been lawfully imposed throughout this country, and it’s impacting public safety and will continue to do so in the future.’ ‘‘The Senator also highlighted many highprofile cop killings as the Obama administration makes police work more difficult. ‘‘He said, ‘In the last year, we’ve lost 123 police officers, 35 in the first 4 months of 2016. Violent crimes and murders have increased across the country at alarming rates. Let me just share with my colleagues some of the things we’re seeing in violent crime. Recently, the Major Cities Chiefs of Police Association, a longestablished group, called an emergency meeting to deal with the numbers I’m going to share with you today.’ ‘‘The numbers I will quote represent the percentage increase in total murders in the first quarter of this year, 2016, over the first quarter . . . of 2015. Las Vegas: 82 percent increase.’’ This is the murder increase. ‘‘Dallas, Texas: 73 percent increase. Chicago: 70 percent. Jacksonville, Florida: 67 percent. Newark, New Jersey: 60 percent increase. MiamiDade: 38 percent. Los Angeles: 33 percent.’’ And on and on. ‘‘These are substantial increases in crime. According to FBI statistics released just this year, the number of violent crimes committed across the country was up in the first half of 2015 compared with the same period of 2014.’’ So, actually, we are going up and up, and the percentage increase in these cities of 82 percent, 73 percent, and a 70 percent increase is even more dramatic than that when you go back 2 years. Sessions also quoted FBI Director James Comey’s concerns about the rising tide of crime. ‘‘‘I was very worried about it last fall, and I am, in many ways, more worried because the numbers are not only going up, they’re continuing to go up in most of those cities faster than they were going up last year. Something is happening. I don’t know what the answer is, but, holy cow, do we have a problem.’’’ Yes, we do have a problem. One of the answers is mentioned in this article, again, from May 19, entitled: ‘‘Obama doesn’t think rapists, armed robbers, drug dealers are criminals.’’ I think I found the euphemism of the year. ‘‘According to Team Obama, criminals should now be declared ‘justiceinvolved individuals.’ ‘‘The neoOrwellianism comes to us from the bizarre flurry of lastminute dictates, regulations, and bonechilling threats, collectively known to fanboys as Obama’s Gorgeous Goodbye. ‘‘In another of those smiley faced but deeply sinister ‘dear colleague’ letters sent to universities and colleges this week, Obama’s Education Secretary, John King, discouraged colleges from asking applicants whether they were convicted criminals.’’ b1315 It used to be a matter of common sense. Most Americans wanted to know. Especially in dormitories that have now become coed, where you have men and women living in and with and around each other, it was considered valuable information to know if your daughter was going to be living in, around, or with a convicted rapist. That was thought to be good information, but apparently that is no longer considered by this administration as good information. People all across America have shown an interest in knowing whether there are child molesters in their neighborhood where their children are growing up and children are playing around the area. They want to know if their child is at risk because they know there is a significant recidivism rate, particularly among child molesters. Yet, this administration says it is time to stop calling criminals criminals. Again, that is in keeping with the unwillingness to call radical Islamist, as the Muslim leader of Egypt, our friend, President elSisi, calls it—I mean, it is radical Islamists. He has had the courage to tell imams themselves that we have to get control again of Islam and wrestle it back away from the radical Islamists. 
As my friend, Carolyn Glick, pointed out in The Jerusalem Post, by this administration’s refusal to call radical Islam radical Islam, it betrays our allies who are Muslim—like President el Sisi in Egypt—who are wanting Muslims to stand up and say that these Islamists should not be allowed to represent our religion because they know that they do. When you have a man with multiple degrees in Islamic studies saying that, yes, radical Islam is the ultimate Islam and, on the other hand, you have a President who did go to school in Indonesia in Muslim schools and elementary school but does not have any degrees in Islamic studies, like the world expert in Islamic studies, alQaradawi, well, one is President of the United States with no degrees in Islamic studies, and he says it is not Islam. But a man who has studied Islam his whole life and has multiple degrees, including a Ph.D., says not only is it Islam, as the head of ISIS as he is, this is Islam the way it should be. We should be giving assistance to our allies, giving them cover by not going on with this facade where this administration refuses to call radical Islam radical Islam. They call radical Islamic terrorism exactly what it is. They are not helping our friends around the world that are trying to stand up and do the right thing. You could go back to Libya, the attack of Benghazi. We now know from what has been gathered from emails and information that Secretary Clinton basically told the President of Libya: We know that this Benghazi attack was not on a video, in essence, and that it was a planned attack. She told her daughter. Yet, she went out, as did Susan Rice, representing this administration and told us all, oh, it was all about the video; telling victims families that we are going to get the guy who did the video. Victims families from Benghazi have told me personally, when Secretary Clinton said we are going to get the guys that did the videos, which she now says she didn’t say—how tragic is that? So basically calling these victims’ families liars. But the families say, when she said we will get the guy that did the video, they were infuriated. They said: We didn’t care about the guy that did some video. We wanted our government to get the guys that killed our loved one, and that was not the message. You have to understand that there were a lot of things to do, there were promises to keep, and miles to go before they slept. But we don’t know if they just went to bed and slept. When they found out the personal ambassador of the Secretary of State was missing, Clinton and President Obama, did they just go to bed? They won’t tell us. We know President Obama had a very important engagement the next day. He had to fly out early to Las Vegas for a big campaign speech. We know. We understand. Hey, that was more pressing. We got that. We understand. To him, that was more pressing. What do you do? Do you go to sleep when you get word that your personal ambassador is missing? For the first time since 1979, an ambassador ends up being killed. He wasn’t given adequate protection. Now, we are hearing more and more reports from people that the assets were there to go help. They could have saved at least two, maybe more of the four, but they were not allowed go and save the American heroes. Well, there is an article from Conservative Review entitled ‘‘Busted: The 10 Most Dangerous Myths About Criminal Justice Reform’’ that is being pushed especially by this administration. And we do have some colleagues here in the House and Senate that are as well. ‘‘Myth number one: The prison population keeps growing, even though crime is declining.’’ ‘‘Fact: The D.C. intelligentsia argues our criminal justice system is in dire need of reform. But ask anyone outside the beltway, and they’ll give you a different definition of ‘broken.’ Many Americans would agree that current laws are too lenient on criminals and disregard the victim all too often. It was the tough reforms put into place during the Reagan years and in the ’90s that produced the sharpest decline in violent crime on record. Those reforms, coupled with more aggressive policing, led to the only positive social trend in public policy in recent memory. That trend is now being reversed precisely as incarceration rates decline and Obama and his allies ratchet up the war against law enforcement. While correlation doesn’t necessarily prove causation, the correlation is indeed striking and in conjunction with the defanging of local police departments, the release of tens of thousands of Federal prisoners can only result in exacerbating this negative trajectory.’’ From the information that the FBI provided to Senator SESSIONS , we know about maybe less than 1 percent of Federal inmates in Federal prison are there for possession of a controlled substance; that most are there for more. Ninetynine percent or so are there for more than that. But those that have been involved in the criminal justice system, both in the State side, as I was, and on the Federal side—I mean, we work with each other. And we know the Federal Government never had interest, that I ever saw, in simple possession cases. Where the Federal Government had interest is if a real bad guy—maybe he had been involved in a shooting, a killing, a robbing, a possession—but they wanted him to turn on his boss so they could get the bigger fish. They had to offer something to get him to turn, and they would offer—I have seen it many times—okay, we can’t have a plea agreement where we set a certain sentence, as they do in State court, but what we can do is agree to drop all the charges, except this one possession. So the sentence is not that great. Whatever the judge does won’t be that great. It won’t have the weapons charge in there, even though he used a weapon and engaged in violent activity, if he will help us get Mr. Big. That happens. I have seen it happened. Back in the early ’80s, when I was court appointed in Federal court, I had approaches like that with regard to my clients: What can you help us with, and here are the charges we are willing to drop, even though we know we can prove them. Yet, this administration acts like that never happens and that, obviously, all these people in prison because of drug charges are really nonviolent. That is garbage. That is why the crime rate keeps going up as this administration forces the release of more and more people. This article points out another myth: ‘‘There are millions of people incarcerated in American prisons for no good reason.’’ ‘‘Fact: While there are approximately 1.5 million people incarcerated in American jails, prisons, and other institutions, only 195,900 are Federal inmates (a 10year low). And only 159,000 in the Federal system are housed in actual prisons. The rest are in privately managed facilities, home confinement, shortterm detention, longterm boarders, residential reentry centers, pretrial/presentence holding, et cetera. At least 25 percent of the Federal prison population is comprised of illegal aliens and possibly more who are noncitizens. We should save money by releasing those criminals and deporting them.’’ What good does it do to deport somebody now when the border is so wide open? ‘‘Myth number 3: Incarceration costs so much money and criminal justice reform will save billions.’’ Well, without reading through the whole article, I can tell you that is garbage as well. Myth number 4: ‘‘This bill will only release low level, nonviolent drug offenders.’’ As I pointed out, that is simply not the case. It is a good article. Myth number 5: ‘‘We have a big government culture of overcriminalization that threatens liberty.’’ Well, the biggest problem of overcriminalization is when Congress has passed a law that says you can go to prison for violating any of the regulations regarding this subject, and then bureaucrats in some cubicle somewhere put some regulations in place under this administration—sometimes 80,000 pages of new regulations a year—and people, as the Heritage Foundation has said before in one of their books, are probably all violating three or four Federal laws a day. One other thing I wanted to touch on because it has been debated and a lot of 
allegations made, people are trying to assert that Republicans somehow are supportive of the old ways of slavery. Mr. Speaker, I just want to read from the Democratic Party Platform of 1856. This is a part of the platform. This is the belief of the Democratic Party, the national party: ‘‘That Congress has no power under the Constitution, to interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the several States, and that such States are the sole and proper judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not prohibited by the Constitution; that all efforts of the abolitionists’’—that is those who wanted to end slavery—‘‘or others, made to induce Congress to interfere with questions of slavery . . . are calculated to lead to the most alarming and dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts’’— talking about the end of slavery— ‘‘have an inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness of the people and endanger the stability and permanency of the Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any friend of our political institutions.’’ The Democratic Party Platform of 1856 also declares that ‘‘new States’’ to the Union should be admitted ‘‘with or without domestic slavery, as the State may elect.’’ The Platform that year also says that ‘‘we recognize the right of the people of all the Territories . . . to form a Constitution, with or without domestic slavery.’’ b1330 The platform of 1860 of the national Democratic Party, in seeking to uphold the Fugitive Slave Act, states: ‘‘The enactments of the State legislatures to defeat the faithful execution of the Fugitive Slave Act are hostile in character, subversive of the Constitution, and revolutionary in their effect.’’ The 14th Amendment, giving full citizenship to freed slaves, passed in 1868 with 94 percent Republican support and zero percent Democratic support in Congress. The 15th Amendment, giving freed slaves the right to vote, passed in 1870 with 100 percent Republican support and zero percent Democratic support in Congress. The Constitution of 1902 in the State of Virginia disenfranchised about 90 percent of the Black men who still voted at the beginning of the 20th century and nearly half of the White men. The number of eligible African American voters fell from about 147,000 in 1901 to about 10,000 by 1905. The measure was supported almost entirely by Virginia State Democrats. In 1924, the Democratic National Convention convened in New York at Madison Square Garden. The convention is commonly known as the Klanbake due to the overwhelming influence of the Ku Klux Klan in the party. In 1964, the Democratic Party led a 75day filibuster against the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Leading the Democrats in their opposition to civil rights for African Americans was a member of the Democratic Party, Senator Robert Byrd from West Virginia, who was known to be a recruiter for the Ku Klux Klan. Senator Byrd spoke directly about the Civil Rights Act in a 14hour filibuster, proclaiming: ‘‘Men are not equal today, and they were not created equal in 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was written. Men and races of men differ in appearance, ways, physical power, mental capacity, creativity, and vision.’’ The Democratic Party identified itself as the ‘‘White man’s party’’ and demonized the Republican Party as being dominated by African Americans. So it is interesting to hear these rewritten parts of our history. When you know the hearts and minds of the people on the Republican side of the aisle, you find out there is nobody who wants slavery. We wish that slavery that held this Nation back—because as DANIEL  WEBSTER used to preach and John Quincy Adams used to preach, how was a good God going to keep blessing America when we were treating brothers and sisters in Christ this way, putting them in chains and bondage? America was harmed. It was devastating to African American lives to be placed in slavery—the degradation, the humiliation. I am grateful to be part of the party that stood up and made the change. But more than the Republican Party, the JudeoChristian beliefs, especially in the 1700s after the Great Awakening, the First Great Awakening in America, revival in America where people turned to God, became Christians, they understood travesties better by understanding the Bible. They stood up, and they demanded equal rights for people, and it led to a revolution. In the 1800s, there was a lot of debauchery, but during the Second Great Awakening, churches were really the core behind the abolitionist movement. We should never be putting brothers and sisters in chains. That is an abomination. It held America back. It helped greatly prevent America from reaching the heights that it would once slavery was gone. But then even after slavery was gone, as a result of the great Republican father of our party, Abraham Lincoln, as he is sometimes referred to, people were not treated equally. As I just read, even in Virginia, this great State of Virginia, Democrats were determined to prevent African Americans from voting, and they were successful in large degree. Mr. Speaker, I think a good way to finish today is to go back to the final argument. We have the entire final argument from John Quincy Adams. He was elected President in 1824. He was defeated by Andrew Jackson in 1828. But in 1830 he did an incredible thing that no one has ever done since. After being President, he ran for Congress, for the House of Representatives. He didn’t even run for Senate. He ran for the House of Representatives. He believed God was calling him. As William Wilberforce believed God had called him to bring an end to slavery in Great Britain, Adams believed God was calling him back into government after being defeated as President, that he would lower himself to run for the House of Representatives. He got elected in 1830. Speech after speech was against slavery. How can we expect God to bless America when we are treating brothers and sisters with chains and bondage? Sermons were so powerful that those sermons given against slavery, as he filed bills to end slavery, to free specific slaves over and over, those sermons he preached on the floor of the House right down the hall had a powerful impact on a homelylooking guy with an unpleasant sounding voice named Abraham Lincoln. He overlapped briefly before the massive stroke that took John Quincy Adams out. Adams knew when he died back in the Speaker’s suite that he had not done what he thought God had called him to do—end slavery. It was 1848. But we now know, and Lincoln knew and said as much, as Steve Mansfield was telling me. He wrote a great book on Lincoln’s struggle with God. He knew that those speeches on the House floor down the hall, they didn’t end slavery, but they materially changed the attitude and affected that man named Abraham Lincoln that, 13 years after Adams would die, he would see to slavery’s end. At the end of his argument, he was afraid he had not prevailed on behalf of Africans who were taken as captives by another African tribe, sold into slavery, and taken to the African coast. They were put on a ship and taken to the Caribbean, where they were put on a smaller ship called the Amistad. ‘‘Amistad’’ is a great movie. Longview, Texas, native Matthew McConaughey plays the trial lawyer representing the Africans. Their position was: We are not anybody’s property. When the Africans took over the ship, landed accidentally in America, the Spanish said: These people are our property, and this ship is ours. Let us go. The Africans’ version: Hey, we are not anybody’s property. We want to go home. That case was argued downstairs in the old Supreme Court Chamber. Adams knew if he didn’t do an adequate job, those Africans would leave in chains, their children would wear chains; and he was scared to death that he would not have been up to the job, and, as a result, there would be more suffering. We have his exact argument. He finished like this. This is after he had been President. He said: ‘‘Little did I imagine that I should ever again be required to claim the right of appearing in the capacity of an officer of this Court; yet such has been the dictate of my destiny—and I 
appear again to plead the cause of justice, and now of liberty and life, in behalf of many of my fellow men, before that same Court, which in a former age I had addressed in support of rights of property I stand again, I trust for the last time, before the same Court.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘I stand before the same Court, but not before the same judges—nor aided by the same associates—nor resisted by the same opponents. As I cast my eyes—‘‘ he stood looking at the judges—‘‘along those seats of honor and of public trust, now occupied by you, they seek in vain for one of those honored and honorable persons whose indulgence listened then to my voice. Marshall—Cushing— Chase—Washington—Johnson—Livingston—Todd—where are they? Where is that eloquent statesman and learned lawyer who was my associate counsel in the management of that cause, Robert Goodloe Harper? Where is that brilliant luminary, so long the pride of Maryland and of the American bar, then my opposing counsel, Luther Martin? Where is the excellent clerk of that day, whose name has been inscribed on the shores of Africa, as a monument of his abhorrence of the African slavetrade, Elias B. Caldwell? Where is the marshal—where are the criers of the Court? Alas. Where is one of the very judges of the Court, arbiters of life and death, before whom I commenced this anxious argument, even now prematurely closed? Where are they all? Gone. Gone. All gone— gone from the services which, in their day and generation, they faithfully rendered to their country. From the excellent characters which they sustained in life, so far as I have had the means of knowing, I humbly hope, and fondly trust, that they have gone to receive the rewards of blessedness on high. In taking, then, my final leave of this Bar, and of this honorable Court, I can only . . . ‘‘a fervent petition to Heaven, that every member of it may go to his final account with as little of earthly frailty to answer for as those illustrious dead, and that you may, every one’’—talking to the judges— ‘‘after the close of a long and virtuous career in this world, be received at the portals of the next with the approving sentence—‘Well done, good and faithful servant; enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.’’’ We should all hope as such. I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1635. An act to authorize the Department of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 18, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 4957. To designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. H.R. 4923. To establish a process for the submission and consideration of petitions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 23, 2016, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4894. A bill to repeal title II of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Rept. 114–574, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 496. A bill to establish the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–575). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4680. A bill to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cultural resources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–576, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5293. A bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–577). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture and Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4680 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4894 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 5282. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to improve the consumer reporting system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. ISSA, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. COHEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia): H.R. 5283. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to reform certain forfeiture procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 5284. A bill to eliminate the individual and employer health coverage mandates under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, to expand beyond that Act the choices in obtaining and financing affordable health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. MCDERMOTT ): H.R. 5285. A bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to require the annual human rights reports to include information on the institutionalization of children and the subjection of children to cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment, unnecessary detention, and denial of the right to life, liberty, and the security of persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5286. A bill to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. KIND, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. NORTON , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. QUIGLEY ): H.R. 5287. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide medical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient services to treat substance use disorders at certain facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. HONDA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. TONKO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. LANGEVIN ): H.R. 5288. A bill to provide for the establishment of clean technology consortia to enhance the economic, environmental, and energy security of the United States by promoting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Ms. SPEIER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. GIBSON , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. REED): H.R. 5289. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the energy credit for certain highefficiency linear generator property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. REICHERT ): H.R. 5290. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to qualify homeless youth and veterans who are fulltime students for purposes of the low income housing tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5291. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced consumer protection for air passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York): H.R. 5292. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, relating to hiring of certain air traffic control specialists, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BABIN (for himself and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 5294. A bill to invalidate the reinterpretation of title IX through guidance issued by the Department of Education and the Department of Justice on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself and Mr. NOLAN ): H.R. 5295. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide annual minimum and maximum costofliving increases for Social Security beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. N UNES , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. TIBERI ): H.R. 5296. A bill to make Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation a distinct entity within the Department of the Treasury, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. SANFORD ): 
H.R. 5297. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require inclusion of the taxpayer’s social security number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 5298. A bill to establish requirements regarding quality dates and safety dates in food labeling, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. KILMER ): H.R. 5299. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary heroism and lifesaving actions in Vietnam; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5300. A bill to prohibit any appropriation of funds to the National Park Service for the of study how artificial light affects the movements and behavior of insects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. NEUGEBAUER ): H.R. 5301. A bill to exempt small seller financers from certain licensing requirements and debttoincome requirements for qualified mortgages; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5302. A bill to authorize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. HONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. BORDALLO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. MENG): H. Res. 741. A resolution recognizing the importance of nonprofit organizations to the economy of the United States and expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘Nonprofit Organization (NPO) Recognition Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 5282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5283. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Recognizing that numerous federal criminal law statutes (through which federal civil asset forfeiture is enacted) have tenuous constitutional justifications, this reform bill embeds and advances constitutional principles found in the Fourth, Fifth, Tenth Amendments. The bill also derives authority from Congress’ Article I, Section 8, clause 9 authority to ‘‘constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court.’’ This authority includes the rules and procedures used by inferior federal courts. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 5284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Consistent with Congress’ power to tax, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 1 of Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. Additionally, consistent with original understanding of the Commerce Clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 3 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5285. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5286. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5287. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 5289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: H.R. 5290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 5293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 5294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Amendment X: The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people. By Mr. HECK of Nevada: H.R. 5295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 5296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 5298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitution By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 5299. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I Section 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’) By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 194: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. HARDY , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. FUDGE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. WOMACK , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 448: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 816: Mr. FLORES and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 969: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 1062: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 1192: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 1197: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1233: Mr. FORBES . H.R. 1398: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1519: Mrs. DAVIS of California and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1600: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2035: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2274: Mr. HECKof Washington and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2278: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 2350: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. M CNERNEY. H.R. 2404: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 2513: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 2737: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 2752: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3007: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3012: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3514: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. KILDEE , and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 3516: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 3684: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3706: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3871: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3880: Mr. CULBERSON and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3957: Ms. BROWN of Florida. H.R. 3965: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 4223: Mr. HECKof Washington and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4262: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4298: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 4301: Mr. LONG. H.R. 4307: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4365: Mr. LANCE , Mr. R OSKAM , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. FORBES . H.R. 4460: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 4514: Mr. ISSA, Mr. A BRAHAM , and Ms. BROWN of Florida. H.R. 4526: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 4534: Mr. BARR. H.R. 4592: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BEYER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. Curbelo of Florida, Mr. TEDLIEUof Cali fornia, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. BASS, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. H AHN and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4626: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. BOST, and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 4715: Mr. BENISHEK and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 4730: Mr. FORBES . H.R. 4768: Mr. YODER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. G OWDY and Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 4773: Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 4775: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. BARLETTA , and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 4816: Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 4842: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 4847: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4848: Mr. MICA. H.R. 4893: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4907: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4955: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4956: Mrs. LUMMIS . H.R. 4994: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 5006: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5025: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5044: Ms. DUCKWORTH , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. VEASEY , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 5073: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5076: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . H.R. 5090: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 5143: Mrs. TIPTON . H.R. 5147: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 5166: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Ms. GABBARD , Ms. G RAHAM, and Mr. S TUTZMAN . H.R. 5168: Mr. BENISHEK , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. WALBERG , and Mr. M ICA. H.R. 5203: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 5210: Mr. FORBES and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 5213: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. NOEM, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5224: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B RAT, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 5230: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 5237: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5254: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5275: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H ARPER  and Mrs. WALORSKI . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. NOLAN . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. R OSS, Mrs. B LACK and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. NADLER and Mr. D IAZ BALART . H. Res. 94: Ms. LEE, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. DUCKWORTH . H. Res. 494: Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. JONES , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 686: Mr. BEYER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. TAKANO , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. ELLISON . H. Res. 717: Mr. HECKof Washington. H. Res. 729: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. HUDSON , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. ISSA, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. S IRES. f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3003 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2016 No. 80 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 