Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2187) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its regulations regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited investors, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2187 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act’’. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2187, the Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act. I would like to thank Mr. SCHWEIKERT from Arizona for his diligent work on this bill and members on both sides of the aisle who approved this bill in the Financial Services Committee by an overwhelming vote of 54– 2. Mr. Speaker, small and emerging companies play a significant role as drivers of the U.S. economic activity, innovation, and job creation. In fact, the majority of net jobs created in the U.S. are from companies less than 5 years old. Most of these companies are privately held companies, and their ability to raise capital in the private market is critical to the economic wellbeing of the U.S. and millions of American families. But in order for small companies to raise capital in the private market, under SEC regulations they must sell securities only to what are known as ‘‘accredited investors.’’ And what exactly determines whether an investor is accredited? Well, the SEC has for years determined that an individual investor’s financial status should be the sole proxy for determining whether or not they are able to understand the risks and rewards. In other words, the SEC has taken the position that only very wealthy individuals should be allowed to invest in such offerings. That really makes very little sense. Under the SEC’s logic, a random winner of the Powerball lottery would be automatically deemed a sophisticated investor. But an individual who holds advanced degrees and works in finance or a related field, but who happens to make slightly below what the SEC’s threshold is, that person would be barred from investing in private offerings. You see, despite the paternalistic view taken by Washington regulators, there are plenty—plenty—of hardworking and smart Americans who are plenty capable of understanding investments in private businesses. Congress must, therefore, amend the definition of ‘‘accredited investor’’ in order to expand the pool of potential investors in a private placement market. H.R. 2187 will do just that by codifying the current accredited investor income and net worth thresholds, adjusted for inflation going forward. Additionally, it will extend accredited investor status to persons who the SEC determines have a demonstrable education or job experience to qualify as having professional subject matter knowledge related to that investment. In other words, the expansion of the accredited definition will enhance small companies’ ability to raise capital and to grow by increasing the pool of potential investors, while at the same time increase investment opportunities for more Americans. In fact, allowing more individuals to invest in both public and private companies could ultimately have the effect of decreasing the risk in these portfolios themselves. Finally, as SEC Commissioner Mike Piwowar pointed out in a speech last year: ‘‘By holding a diversified portfolio of assets, investors reap the benefits of diversification, that is, the risk of the portfolio as a whole is lower than the risk of any individual asset . . . if the correlations are low enough, the overall portfolio risk could actually decrease.’’ Mr. Speaker, what that means is H.R. 2187 has a double benefit of affording American businesses more opportunities to raise capital, while actually providing hardworking Americans a greater opportunity to create wealth for themselves and their families. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting H.R. 2187. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT ) and the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) for their hard work on this bill. As was pointed out by Chairman GARRETT , all the votes in the committee were in support of the bill, except for two. This legislation expands the definition of a ‘‘accredited investor,’’ a status reserved for investors who possess the sophistication and financial means necessary to invest in private, unregistered securities offerings. Many of these thresholds have not been updated, Mr. Speaker, since 1982, and the committee determined it was past time to do so. It is important to note that the SEC Investor Advisory Committee as well issued bipartisan recommendations, which acknowledge that the current income and net worth tests ‘‘don’t begin to measure the type or level of financial sophistication needed to evaluate the potential risks and benefits of private offerings.’’ We can all agree, and a vast majority of the members of the Financial Services Committee did agree, that an updated definition is long overdue. The authors of this legislation and the sponsors, Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Ms. SINEMA , have worked to consider the risks of private offerings to ensure that investors in those offerings can understand and bear those risks. With those comments, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), the sponsor of the underlying legislation, and the gentleman who has put all the time and hard work on this great bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I also thank my friend, Mr. CARNEY . This is one of those occasions where we actually get to show up here and have something that is bipartisan that we agree upon. But partially because being my piece of legislation, and something we have been working on for a while, I would like to tell a quick story of where this sort of came from conceptually. About 4 years ago, we were doing a little townhall at that time before redistricting in Tempe, Arizona, and most of the discussion in this townhall was a discussion about the haves and have nots, and why do some people seem to be making wealth and others are not. We sort of tried to actually address it intellectually with some analysis of what are the barriers out there. You are a middle income, hardworking family, and you have some talents; what is your optionality to be able to grow into that next tier of assets, of wealth? This actually became part of that discussion, that we actually have had this barrier now for decades that say we are going to judge you on your income and your wealth and that income and wealth is your threshold that says you get to invest in something over here, not your knowledge. There was a gentleman in the audience who stood up and said: I have got a story for you. I have a Ph.D. in electrical engineering. I work at the Intel plant in Chandler. I have some friends that started a business a year or two ago. I am an expert. I have a Ph.D. in electrical engineering and I worked with these guys for years. They started a business, and I am not allowed to invest in it because I don’t meet the income and assets threshold. That is partially what we have accomplished here. The neat thing that has gone back and forth in discussion with my Democrat friends and many of my friends on our side working the bill—it is not everything I wanted—but conceptually it is a terrific idea that income, your wealth is not the only prerequisite for your right to invest in something, that it also can be your knowledge and your talent. If we really care about everyone getting a fair chance at that American Dream, we need to do more like this where you get judged by what you know, your expertise, and not just the fact that you already have made it. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 141⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and Mr. CARNEY , my colleague on the distinguished minority, for this bill. I also want to thank Mr. SCHWEIKERT for his work on developing H.R. 2187, Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act, which makes reg D offerings and private placements more effective by broadening the definition of an accredited investor to account for educational or professional expertise. Because of significant costs and barriers to raising capital in the U.S. public markets, many of our small companies raise startup funds or expansion funds in the private market, and many of those private market transactions are through accredited investors. The current definition focuses only on financial status of the investor, and as a result, only wealthy individuals typically can participate in reg D offerings. H.R. 2187 expands the accredited investor definition, recognizing that the ability to participate is not based on an asset test, but on their sophistication and knowledge. I have been in this business before I was in Congress on and off for three decades, and I know that many of our Nation’s accountants, stock brokers, venture capitalists, and engineers have money management experience or have a series 7 FINRA license, they work in money management, they work in specific kinds of industries, but they are not able to invest in private placements due to the fact that they don’t meet this income or asset test. Mr. SCHWEIKERT ’s bill revises these rules so that investment and finance professionals who have this kind of level of professional sophistication are now treated as accredited investors, irrespective of whether they meet an arbitrary test. It is a matter, Mr. Speaker, of basic fairness. The government should not limit investing options to only investors they deem worthy. Expanding the accredited investor definition will not only increase investment opportunities for more Americans, but will help us grow thousands of small and emerging markets that struggle to raise capital. I thank the gentleman from Arizona for all of his work on this commonsense legislation. I enjoyed working with him on it. I am proud to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do so. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds to again thank Mr. CARNEY , and especially the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) for his work on this. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2187, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SEC SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCATE ACT OF 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3784) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3784 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material with regard to this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. b1530 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3784, the SEC Small Business Advocate Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. CARNEY ) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) of the Financial Services Committee, as well as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) of the Appropriations Committee, for working together in a bipartisan manner on this bill. In doing so, it has resulted in the Financial Services Committee’s favorably reporting H.R. 3784 out of committee by a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, the SEC has a three part mission: to protect investors, to maintain fair and orderly and efficient markets, and to also facilitate capital formation. Yet, if you think about it, the SEC has really given a short shrift to the capital formation part of its statutory mandate, and it is to the detriment of entrepreneurs and to the startup ventures. Although small companies are at the proverbial forefront of technological innovation and also of job creation, they often face significant obstacles in obtaining the necessary capital and funding. These obstacles, if you will, are often attributable to the proportionally large burden that security regulations place on them. They are often written for large public companies, and they are placed then on small companies which then seek to go public. By failing to fulfill this important part of its mandated mission, the SEC is basically hurting the small companies. It is impeding economic growth, and it is basically hindering job creation, which is so desperately needed in this country. When the SEC has failed to advance its mission in facilitating capital formation, Congress has stepped into this vacuum, most notably through the enactment of the JOBS Act back in 2012. You see, while the JOBS Act has made it easier for these companies to go public, the JOBS Act alone has not been enough. It has not been enough to entirely overcome all of the obstacles that the companies face in trying to go public. So now we have H.R. 3784. It creates the SEC small business capital formation advocate, and he will provide an independent voice for small business capital formation on par with the SEC’s investor advocate. This new advocate will support the interests of small businesses and provide guidance to the SEC on advancing a postJOBS Act capital formation agenda, something that, unfortunately, if you look at the track record, the SEC has failed to do for years. The small business advocate will support the interests not only of entrepreneurs and of job creators, but they will do so also on behalf of investors. Finally, it is clear that fundamental change is needed within the SEC in order to get this agency to focus on the capital formation mandate. H.R. 3784 will provide a permanent voice for small businesses at the SEC, and it will help them ensure that the SEC does not neglect, anymore, this important mandate in the future. Again, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 3784 in a bipartisan manner, just as was done in committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I begin by thanking all of those who have worked with us to introduce and to improve this legislation. I especially want to thank my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ), who will speak in a minute, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ), and all of our other cosponsors, as well as the SEC, for their work on this bill. Due to their help and the bipartisan work on our committee, this legislation received a unanimous vote out of committee, as the gentleman from New Jersey pointed out. Mr. Speaker, small businesses are the cornerstones of our communities, and they are a major driver of American economic job growth. In fact, small businesses create over 60 percent of new jobs in the United States, which is the main point here. If we want to help businesses create jobs, we need to help small businesses. From one’s employment to one’s shopping needs, every American relies on small business in some way or another. Given the crucial part they play in our economy, ensuring their success just makes common sense. That is what this bill is—just a commonsense, bipartisan bill to help small businesses across our great country. Despite the important role that small businesses have in driving economic growth and job creation, they can be underrepresented in conversations about regulations affecting them at every level of government, and their 
SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4168) to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual governmentbusiness forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4168 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. CARNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4168, the Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ) for their bipartisan work on this bill. I go off script here just to say thank you very much to Mr. POLIQUIN , who has been a very active member on this committee from the very beginning and has been very active in making sure this legislation has come to the floor today. I thank the gentleman. As I said before, this bill came out of committee, due much in part to the gentleman’s work, with an overwhelming bipartisan vote. I believe it was 55–1; so the gentleman just has that one to work on for his next piece of legislation that comes out of committee. Mr. Speaker, Congress created the SEC GovernmentBusiness Forum on Small Business Capital Formation—to do what?—to provide a platform to identify unnecessary impediments to small business capital formation and to find ways to eliminate or to reduce them. Each forum seeks to develop recommendations for government and private action to improve and provide the 
environment for small business capital formation, thereby providing small businesses the opportunity—to do what?—to grow economically and, most importantly, as we have been talking all day, to create more jobs. Unfortunately, the SEC’s default position over these several years has been to simultaneously and summarily ignore many of the recommendations made by the various forum participants, which include small businesses, venture capitalists, trade association representatives, accountants, academics, and other small business academics. Despite the claims of which we hear every year from the Commission about the importance of this forum, it seems that the only time the SEC actually implements one of these capital formation agenda items that comes out of it is when Congress tells it to do so. This was certainly the case with several provisions of the JOBS Act, many of which, as one will recall, were original recommendations from that very same forum. I will give two examples. There was the crowdfunding and the Regulation APlus provisions of the JOBS Act. They basically mirrored the forum’s recommendations years earlier. The Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act, which is before us today, provides an answer. It basically provides a simple solution to making the SEC more responsive. It requires the SEC to respond publicly and in writing to each forum recommendation and to simply explain whether it plans to take action on that item or not. It really shouldn’t take an act of Congress for the SEC to fulfill its basic capital formation mission. Quite honestly, it shouldn’t take an act of Congress for the SEC to simply respond in writing to any of the forum recommendations. Unfortunately, this is the position we find ourselves in today; so we have H.R. 4168, which is the gentleman from Maine’s work, which will ensure that the SEC no longer ignores these recommendations and will be able to help fulfill its statutory mission to facilitate capital formation in this country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to add my thanks and congratulations as well to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ) for their bipartisan work on this bill. This legislation, as was pointed out, passed out of the Financial Services Committee with all but one vote. The SEC’s GovernmentBusiness Forum on Capital Formation brings together academics, government officials, legal experts, and business stakeholders to make recommendations to improve and facilitate smallbusiness capital formation. By directly addressing the recommendations of the forum, the SEC will help refine ideas and provide future forums with opportunities to address the SEC’s views or concerns, ultimately leading to a more constructive and valuable process. This legislation will enhance the role of the forum and assist the SEC to focus on the capital needs of small businesses, which, as we have discussed several times today, are the main drivers of job creation in our economy, while simultaneously encouraging participants to substantively engage in the forum. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of legislation and thank the sponsors for their hard work. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I have already given him compliments, as many as I am going to give on the floor. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) because he has been an outstanding member of the committee and is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GARRETT for bringing this very important bill to the floor. I also want to extend my congratulations to Congressman JUAN VARGAS of California. He has done a terrific job being the lead cosponsor of the Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act. All of us in this Chamber who also are smallbusiness owners understand how important it is to have access to money, to funds, to capital, in order for our businesses to be successful, to grow, and ultimately to hire more people. This is true in Maine’s Second District that I represent and also across the country. It is all about jobs. Unless your business grows and expands, then you don’t have jobs. So it is very, very important to have that key ingredient to small business growth, which is access to capital or to money. Now, if you are one of the greatest papermakers in the world—and we have a lot, Mr. Speaker, up in Maine’s Second District—and you work for a paper company up in Madawaska, Maine, or Madison, Maine, you still depend on your company—it might not be a small company—to make sure you have access to the stock and bond markets, to be able to borrow the funds they need to expand and be successful, and to make sure we can secure your job. Now, if you are a smallbusiness owner, which really dominates the landscape in Maine and across the country—let’s say you are a boatbuilder in Ellsworth, Maine—you still need access to capital in order to grow. If you are a biotech startup company in Lewiston, Maine, the same holds true. You know, 80 percent of the new jobs created in our country today are not large companies, but they are small companies. That is where the problem lies as far as access to funding is concerned. I am not worried as much about the big companies having access to the capital markets, but I do worry about our small businesses. Now, as both Mr. CARNEY and Mr. GARRETT have mentioned, during each of the past 35 years, the Securities and Exchange Commission, by law, has been required and has put together an annual governmentbusiness forum. During this annual meeting, they get the most experienced professionals they can find—businessowners, SEC attorneys, private sector attorneys—to review the current laws we have on the books today to make sure they are not impeding our small businesses’ ability to borrow money and have access to capital in other ways. Now, these forums also are a tremendous incubator of coming up with new ideas to make sure our laws evolve. Our capital markets, Mr. Speaker, in our economy are very dynamic. Businesses grow and they change, and new products are offered and sold. So there are new needs for capital going forward. We have to make sure that the actual laws that are the underpinning of our capital markets, the underpinning of our economy, also evolve. So these annual businessgovernment forums are very important venues for this to happen. Now, as has been said here earlier, unfortunately, the SEC has no legal requirement to make sure all the terrific recommendations that come out of these annual forums are acted upon or not. In fact, it is very common for the SEC not to comment at all on all of the work done to bring these new ideas to the forefront. So my legislation, I am proud to say, comes up with a very commonsense fix. It simply requires the SEC to make a public statement on what it is going to do to embrace these recommended changes or not. It is very simple. Otherwise, these ideas, Mr. Speaker, sit on the shelf. Now, my bill also has the ancillary benefit of making sure that each new forum each year doesn’t repeat what we just did the year before. By having a benchmark every year, by addressing the recommendations that come out of these meetings, then we are able to spring forward and move down the path where we left off the year before. I want to thank the Speaker and the chairman very much for bringing this important bill to the floor. I am delighted to work with Mr. VARGAS on this. He has done one heck of a job. It is so important for everybody in this Chamber to please stand up for small businesses across the country, to make sure they have access to the money they need to grow, be successful, and hire more workers. It is all about jobs. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank and congratulate the sponsor and cosponsor again. I have no further requests for time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, small businesses are critical to job creation and sustainable economic growth in America. In my home State of Minnesota, 1.2 million workers—nearly half of our State’s private workforce—is employed by a small business. When one of the more than 500,000 small businesses in Minnesota contacts our office, it is most often about how wellintended, yet shortsighted, regulations are inhibiting their ability to utilize the financial products they rely on. In order to ensure the creation and growth of small business, it is imperative that we do our job in Washington to make certain they have access to the capital they need. Since 1980, the Securities and Exchange Commission has been required to conduct a governmentbusiness forum each year to present and discuss ways to improve small business capital formation. However, the SEC is under no legal obligation, as we have heard several times today, to respond to any of the findings or recommendations that come out of these forums. That is why the Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act is so important. The proposed legislation will require the SEC to respond to the findings and recommendations made at these annual governmentbusiness forums. This will ensure that the ideas formulated at these governmentbusiness forums will be carefully considered at the SEC and possibly even implemented. I want to thank Representatives BRUCE POLIQUIN and J UAN VARGAS for their hard work on behalf of consumers and small business. I urge my colleagues to support the Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4168. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2209) to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2209 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. CARNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2209. I will begin by thanking the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) for all of his hard work on this legislation and his leadership as well, with pulling it through and getting it done right here at the beginning of this legislative year, and being a leader on this bill as well. On the other side of the aisle, I thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for working together with Mr. MESSER in a very bipartisan manner, which, as we have noted, has been on each and every one of the bills that we have presented today in that manner. Their efforts culminated in the committee, favorably reporting this bill by a vote of 56 to 1. So, as I have said to Mr. POLIQUIN before, you have only one Member to go to get unanimous consent going forward. Mr. Speaker, given the problems posed by insufficient liquidity during the past financial crisis, Federal regulators issued a final rule back in 2014 to implement something called liquidity coverage ratio, or LCR. That was being done consistent with something called the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s standards. The LCR was established on the premise that banks should have enough cash or assets that would be liquid enough when they needed them—and that would be defined as highquality liquid assets, or HQLAs—and that we would have to have them on hand for 30 days if their usual sources of short term funding would simply disappear. It goes without saying, when you think about this, that anytime that the government steps in, or anytime you have a government agency favoring this type of asset over this type of asset through some sort of regulation in which they did it, you are going to end up with what? You are going to end up with basically unintended and undesirable consequences. That is what has happened here. Not surprisingly, critics of the LCR have complained that the stock of HQLAs is defined way too narrowly, which could adversely impact the asset classes that we are talking about. So investmentgrade municipal securities, on the other hand, if you look at them closely—more than we could do right here on the floor right now—they basically share the same liquidity characteristics of other HQLAs. And that is what Mr. MESSER basically is trying to address with this great piece of legislation. Other HQLAs, such as corporate bonds and equity securities, have the basic same characteristic here as far as liquidity goes. Yet, the prudential regulators, what do they do? They put them in one pile and excluded them from the final LCR. While the Federal Reserve has acknowledged this problem and they acknowledge the fault in excluding municipal securities from this definition of HQLAs, the Federal Reserve’s rule would only apply to the bank holding company’s municipal securities and not the national banks, where more of these municipal securities are held. Paul Kupiec, who is over at the American Enterprise Institute, in testimony before our committee back in October of last year on the bill, said it ‘‘is appropriate and consistent with the public interest. There is no reason why high quality liquid bonds issued by the U.S. States and municipalities should receive a lower standing than foreign 
sovereign debt with equivalent (or even lesser) credit quality and market liquidity.’’ b1600 Think about that for a minute. We are basically, under the current situation, treating our municipalities and U.S. securities at a lower standard than foreign such securities, and we know how they have prevailed in the last year or so. With that in mind, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2209, and the hard work of Mr. MESSER , as well, in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support today for H.R. 2209. In sum, this bill levels the playing field for cities and States, saves cities and States hundreds of millions of dollars, and does it in a way that maintains the safety and soundness of our banking system. I would first like to thank the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), my friend, for his leadership on this issue. It has been a pleasure to work with him. When we introduced this bill, we worked hard to have balanced, bipartisan support and to have broad support on both sides of the aisle. We introduced it with a coalition of five Republicans and five Democrats. On the Democratic side, we were joined by Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. From the Republican side, we had Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. S TIVERS, and Mr. H ULTGREN . This was truly a very strong, bipartisan bill. I would like to thank all of our colleagues who joined with us. It passed out of the Committee on Financial Services by a strong vote of 56–1, which shows that we had overwhelming bipartisan support. The purpose of this bill is to level the playing field for cities and States by requiring the banking regulators to treat certain municipal bonds as liquid assets, just like corporate bonds, stocks, and other assets. As a former member of the City Council of New York, I know firsthand the importance of municipal bonds. They allow our States and cities to finance infrastructure, build schools, and pave roads. We have multimillions in municipal bonds in New York that is building the Second Avenue subway, revamping our water system, and helping in so many ways. Unfortunately, in the banking regulators’ liquidity rule, which requires banks to hold a minimum amount of liquid assets, they chose to allow corporate bonds to qualify as liquid assets but completely excluded municipal bonds, even municipal bonds that are just as liquid as corporate bonds. Even worse, they treat foreign securities differently than U.S. securities, municipal bonds. This absolutely makes no sense. It effectively discriminates against municipal bonds. A municipal bond that is just as liquid as the most liquid corporate bond would not be counted as a liquid asset under the rule just because it was issued by a city or State rather than a corporate entity. This is not fair. The Fed has already recognized this error. It is already amending its rule to allow certain municipal bonds to count as liquid assets. They should be praised for taking a second look at the data and recognizing that some municipal bonds are, in fact, highly liquid. But the OCC, which regulates national banks, is still refusing to amend its rule and insists on favoring corporations over cities and States. Mr. MESSER and I introduced this bill because this kind of arbitrary discrimination against cities and States cannot be allowed to continue. A recent analysis by the investment bank Piper Jaffray estimated that our bill would lower borrowing costs for cities and States by 15 basis points, which would save cities and States hundreds of millions of dollars per year. That realworld impact is why this bill is so very, very important. Now, it is important to note that this bill does not undermine safety and soundness. It does not require regulators to treat bonds that are illiquid as liquid. It simply says that municipal bonds should be afforded the same opportunity as corporate bonds. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CARNEY. Mr Speaker, I yield such additional time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. It will help the economy. It will help our cities and States. It levels the playing field for cities and States. It saves our cities and States, literally, hundreds of millions of dollars, and it maintains the safety and soundness of our banking system. That is why it had such a strong, overwhelming bipartisan vote in committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. CARNEY , and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York for their leadership on this bill. What would you think if I told you that the Federal Government bureaucracy is favoring foreign bonds and corporate bonds over identically valued U.S. municipal bonds? It wouldn’t make any sense. Our Federal bureaucracy shouldn’t create rules that favor loans to foreign countries over loans to our own local governments and schools, yet that is exactly what is happening under our broken Federal regulatory scheme. Today’s bill, H.R. 2209, would correct this problem. I am proud to have coauthored this bipartisan bill with Congresswoman MALONEY . I also want to thank my good friends—Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. PEARCE , the chairman, and others—who helped us in working on this bill. I ask my colleagues for their support. It is really just common sense. U.S. municipal bonds are among the safest investments in the entire world. According to Municipal Market Analytics, over the last 5 years—a period, by the way, during which State and local governments struggled to recover from the recession—highquality State and local government obligation defaults were only four one thousandths of 1 percent. Let me repeat that. The municipal bond default rate was four one thousandths of 1 percent during the recession. That is a pretty safe investment. Public entities depend on this financing, too. State and local governments, school corporations, and public utility companies across the U.S. sell municipal bonds to finance the infrastructure and services that we all depend on. It is lowinterest municipal bonds that finance new schools, hospitals, bridges, and roads, and pay for the repair of outdated and failing infrastructure. The needs are great. In fact, according to the Society of Civil Engineers, State and local governments need $3.6 trillion to meet their infrastructure needs over the next 5 years. That is what is so disappointing about recent regulatory rules from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve that will arbitrarily increase the costs for local governments and schools to borrow. Specifically, as others have described, in 2014, Federal banking regulators issued a rule requiring banks to have enough highquality liquid assets, HQLAs, to cover their cash outflows for 30 days in case of a future financial meltdown. For the most part, liquidity setasides protect the consumer, and they make sense. The problem is, in the same rule, they said that investmentgrade U.S. municipal bonds don’t count as HQLAs, while recognizing German subsovereign municipal debt and many corporate bonds as highquality liquid assets that do qualify. That doesn’t make any sense at all. By excluding all American municipal securities from HQLA eligibility, financial institutions are discouraged from holding them. The result is increased interest rates and increased borrowing costs for State and local governments and the taxpayers that pay them. This has a real impact on families when schools can no longer accommodate enrollment and local communities 
when bridges crumble or roads fail because repair and new construction simply isn’t financially feasible. This is particularly troubling because times are tough and budgets are tight across America. Although the Federal Reserve continues to review this issue, so far the Fed’s response has been partial and inadequate. The OCC and the FDIC have not addressed the issue at all. Meanwhile, our local governments remain strapped for cash and cannot wait for a bureaucratic solution. Our commonsense bill, H.R. 2209, fixes this arbitrary decision by Federal regulators. The bill directs the FDIC, the Federal Reserve System, and the OCC to classify investmentgrade municipal securities as level 2A, high quality liquid assets. Put simply, our bill requires the Federal Government to recognize the obvious: America’s municipal bonds are some of the safest investments in the world, and we shouldn’t have rules that give preferential treatment to corporate bonds or other countries’ bonds over our own. I want to thank Congresswoman MALONEY for working with me on this commonsense legislation. I urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. For those who work in the bond world, this bill ensures that a 2A asset is treated as a 2A asset and prevents federal regulators from arbitrarily undervaluing them. Lastly, let me be clear, this bill doesn’t give special treatment to our local governments bonds. State and local governments remain required to satisfy their debts and live with their bond ratings. This bill is, however, a comprehensive solution that restores fairness and recognizes investment grade municipal bonds for exactly what they are: safe, reliable investments that allow local governments to serve citizens and their families. Once again, I want to thank Congresswoman MALONEY for working with me on this common sense legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I would just close by thanking the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN  B. MALONEY ) for their work on this commonsense piece of legislation that will help towns, municipalities, and States across our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I have two additional speakers. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to salute the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN  B. MALONEY ) for the great work that they have done on this bill. It is very important. Mr. Speaker, I represent Maine’s Second District, which is the west, central, northern, and down east parts of our great State. Now, when you drive in the State of Maine over some of our roads this winter, you see frost heaves and potholes and everything else. If you go on some of our bridges by the coast, you see there has been a lot of corrosiveness that has taken place on those bridges because they are so close to the salt water. Now, it is so important to make sure that our State and our local governments have the opportunity to borrow the money they need to perform these very important infrastructure repairs. When I was State Treasurer up in Maine, we used this process to sell highquality, liquid municipal bonds to investors around the world. That would allow us to receive and secure the funding we need to, in fact, repair our roads and bridges. Maybe a small town needs to improve its sewage treatment facility or build a new landfill or improve its water treatment facility. Well, these highquality, liquid municipal bonds provide the funds to do just that. It is my opinion that banking regulators have made a mistake, Mr. Speaker, because they include in the liquidity coverage ratio stocks and corporate bonds and other government bonds, but they have left out high quality liquid, taxfree municipal bonds from that list of securities that will qualify for the liquidity coverage ratio. As has been mentioned here earlier before, sir, the municipal bond market in this country is a $3.7 trillion market. There are thousands of these bonds held in the hands of investors around the world. It is clearly right and appropriate for these bonds to be included in this list of assets such that banks can reach their liquidity coverage ratio. In doing that, Mr. Speaker, and in fixing this problem that Mr. MESSER  and Congresswoman MALONEY have found, in passing H.R. 2209, State and local governments across the country will continue to be able to have the funds they need to repair their own bridges and roads, not just those in Maine. This will keep interest payments down for our State and local governments, saving taxpayers millions of dollars. One of the goals of government, of course, is to show fairness and compassion for those that pay the bills, the taxpayers across America. I am rising in support of this bill, H.R. 2209. I encourage all my colleagues in the House, Republicans and Democrats, to please do the same. Again, I congratulate the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for their great work. b1615 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. MESSER and Mrs. M ALONEY for producing this balanced, bipartisan piece of legislation. The State of New Mexico has a geographical area about the same as five Northeastern States. That area, though, has 55 million people to pay the taxes to build roads, to build infrastructure, and to build schools. In the equivalent geographical area, New Mexico has almost 2 million people to build all of those miles of roads. Now, this is the effect of this legislation: it removes the financing mechanism that States like New Mexico use—those Western, lightly populated areas—municipal bonds to fund things like schools and roads and infrastructure. Yet the committee that decided what category these assets would fall into said that they are no good and that they are not going to count in the liquidity requirement for institutions. What that means is $3.7 trillion will evaporate out of that municipal bond market. That is $3.7 trillion that would help us build infrastructure and help us create better living for everybody in the West. Yet this committee, which never visited New Mexico, appears not to have looked at the quality of assets. Mrs. MALONEY , adequately, says it is not a question of safety and soundness. Mr. MESSER says that the default rate is four onethousandths of 1 percent. They obviously did not look at the quality of the products. They simply said they are not going to qualify. What that means is that financial institutions will no longer have incentive nor space under liquidity requirements to hold municipal obligations such as bonds. This is detrimental to the way of life in the West. I would like to congratulate again Mrs. MALONEY and Mr. M ESSER for bringing H.R. 2209 to us today to help be a partial cure to the problems that people from other countries have levied on us. It seems common sense; it seems useful; it seems good for the taxpayer and good for the country. Let’s pass H.R. 2209. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank Members on both sides of the aisle. I thank all the sponsors of not only this legislation, but all the legislation that we have had on the floor for the last hour here. I was just thinking as this was wrapping up about what we will see when we leave here and look in the newspaper tomorrow and see what sort of media coverage Washington will get as to what we did on our first day back. There is always a hue and cry saying that Washington is broken, there is no bipartisanship, and they are not passing any legislation to create jobs and trying to get the economy going again. You hear about that in the media all the time. As a matter of fact, you actually hear it on the floor, with many Members coming down here saying 
that this House has not passed a single jobs creation bill in so many days, weeks, months, and years, or what have you. Well, let it be known today that we worked here in a bipartisan manner, first in subcommittee, the full committee, and now here in the House. We have four pieces of legislation. I know that some of the legislation may have mindnumbing terminology and you may scratch your head when you are talking about the liquidity coverage ratios, the credited investors, LCRs, and all those sort of things. You might say: Well, what does that have to do with the job creation? What does that have to do with infrastructure creation? What does that have to do with getting a new roof on my local school or a bridge built in my town? What does that have to do with helping my neighbor actually get a job when he has been out of work for a period of time? What does that have to do with somebody in my family who is in a job right now, but no opportunity for advancement and no pay raise for a long period of time? These bills on the floor today have everything to do with all those issues. As we pass these job creation bills in a bipartisan manner, let the word go out that we are doing exactly what the American public asked Congress to do: to work together, get it done, get the infrastructure in this country growing again, get the economy going again, and create jobs again. That is why it is important to say thank you again to both sides of the aisle, and I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on all four of these bills today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2209. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO PREVENT DEMAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 515) to protect children from exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered childsex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known childsex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, should seek reciprocal international agreements or arrangements to further the purposes of this Act and the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.). Such agreements or arrangements may establish mechanisms and undertakings to receive and transmit notices concerning international travel by sex offenders, through the Angel Watch Center, the INTERPOL notification system, and such other means as may be appropriate, including notification by the United States to other countries relating to the travel of sex offenders from the United States, reciprocal notification by other countries to the United States relating to the travel of sex offenders to the United States, and mechanisms to correct and, as applicable, remove from any other records, any inaccurate information transmitted through such notifications. 
The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, may provide technical assistance to foreign authorities in order to enable such authorities to participate more effectively in the notification program system established under this Act. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit international information sharing or law enforcement cooperation relating to any person pursuant to any authority of the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, or any other department or agency. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to protect children and others from sexual abuse and exploitation, including sex trafficking and sex tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, child predators thrive on secrecy, a secrecy that allows them to commit heinous crimes against the weakest and most vulnerable. Today the House has under consideration H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders, a law that will significantly thwart child sexual exploitation in the United States and abroad through a comprehensive and efficient system that warns law enforcement of traveling sex offenders. Mr. Speaker, I first introduced International Megan’s Law back in 2008. It has passed the House three times—2010, 2014, 2015—and, thankfully, passed the United States Senate in December. International Megan’s Law honors the memory of Megan Kanka, a precious little girl from my hometown of Hamilton who suffered and died at the hands of a sexual predator. Megan was just 7 years old when she was kidnapped, raped, and brutally murdered in 1994. Her assailant lived across the street. Unbeknownst to her family and other residents in the neighborhood, he was a convicted repeat sex offender. Due to the extraordinary work by Megan’s courageous parents, Maureen and Richard Kanka, the New Jersey State Legislature passed and the Governor signed the original Megan’s Law in 1994 and expanded it in 2001. It requires registration and public notification of convicted sex offenders living in the community. Today all 50 States and all U.S. territories have a Megan’s Law. Because of this law, parents, guardians, universities, school officials, sports coaches, law enforcement, and the public at large are now empowered with the critical information they need to mitigate harm to children. We know from law enforcement and media documentation that Americans on the U.S. sex offender registries are caught sexually abusing children in Asia, Central and South America, Europe, and, frankly, everywhere. A deeply disturbing 2010 report by the GAO found that at least 4,500 U.S. passports were issued to registered sex offenders in fiscal year 2008 alone. Typically, Mr. Speaker, a passport is valid for 10 years, meaning some or many of the tens of thousands of registered sex offenders possessing passports may be on the prowl internationally looking to exploit and abuse. Ernie Allen, who served for 30 years as the president and CEO of the Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children, recently said: ‘‘It is clear that there is a substantial category of offenders who do not offend as a lapse of judgment; they do it as a lifestyle. And these are the offenders who are most likely to travel to seek victims in places where the offender is most likely to be anonymous and most likely to avoid identification and apprehension.’’ Studies suggest and demonstrate that even when caught, prosecuted, and jailed, for a number of predators, the propensity to recommit these crimes at a later date remains. For example, a 2008 study by Oliver, Wong, and Nicholaichuk showed that untreated sex offenders were reconvicted for sexual crimes at a rate of 17.7 percent after 3 years, 24.5 percent after 5 years, and 32 percent after 10 years. Keep in mind, Mr. Speaker, that these are just the rates for those who were caught again and then convicted. Pedophiles and other sexual predators often harm more than one victim. There are different studies that showed large numbers of child victims and large numbers of acts committed against those children. For every victim who reports, there are likely many others who could not, would not, and cannot come forward. Mr. Speaker, some of those exploited children are prostituted by human traffickers to pedophiles. The International Labour Organization has estimated that 1.8 million children are victims of commercial sexual exploitation around the world each year. It is imperative that we take the lessons learned on how to protect our children from known child sex predators within our borders and expand those protections globally to prevent convicted U.S. sex offenders from harming children abroad. It is imperative that we teach other countries how to establish their own Megan’s Law and push other countries to warn us in the United States when their sex offenders are traveling here. Specifically, H.R. 515 will authorize and empower the Angel Watch Center, operating under the auspices of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, to check flight manifests against sex offender registries and quickly warn destination countries when sex offenders are headed their way. The Angel Watch Center is authorized to send actual information about child sex offender travel to destination countries in a timely fashion for those countries to assess the potential damage and dangers to their kids and to respond appropriately, whether it is to deny entry or visa, monitor travel, or limit travel. To prevent offenders from thwarting International Megan’s Law notification procedures by country hopping to an alternative destination not previously disclosed, H.R. 515 includes provisions for the State Department to develop a passport identifier or, as we put it in the bill, ‘‘any visual designation affixed to a conspicuous location on the passport indicating that the individual is a covered sex offender.’’ A passport, Mr. Speaker, so identified provides law enforcement and Customs an additional tool to protect children. The passport identifier is only for those who have been found guilty of a sex crime involving a child and have been deemed dangerous enough to be listed on a public sex offender registry. When this information is no longer public knowledge in the United States—in other words, they are off the registry—the passport identifier, in like manner, will no longer be required. It is worth noting that some States already require sex offenders to have their status listed on their driver’s licenses—Alabama, Florida, Delaware, and Louisiana, to name a few. Ironically, it has been reported that some registered sex offenders have used their passports as an ID in order to keep their status secret. b1630 Mr. Speaker, in order to protect potential victims, H.R. 515 also aims to establish a durable system of reciprocity among the nations of the world. International Megan’s Law directs the Secretary of State to seek agreements with other countries so that the U.S. is notified in advance of incoming sex offenders. 
I would like to offer my profound appreciation, Mr. Speaker, to Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for his deep and abiding commitment to combating human trafficking in all of its ugly manifestations, for scheduling the House vote 12 months ago on International Megan’s Law and another dozen or so antihuman trafficking measures sponsored by Members from both sides of the aisle. That was historic and had never been done like that before. So I thank him for that leadership and for working closely with the Senate in order to help bring this bill to fruition. His policy adviser, Emily Murry, was remarkable, as was and is Kelly Dixon. I would like to thank our distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE , and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL for their strong support for this bill and for the assistance of Jessica Kelch, Doug Anderson, and Janice Kaguyutan. Janice will remember. She traveled with one of my staffers years ago investigating this terrible issue, which is a global scourge. Senator BOBCORKER , chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee on the Senate side, truly made this bill a priority and carried it over the finish line in the Senate. Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that. His professional staff, Caleb McCarry and Counsel Sarah Ramig, showed remarkable dedication and persistence through multiple interagency negotiations. His chief of staff, Todd Womack, and legislative director, Rob Strayer, skillfully guided the bill through the process on the Senate side, and I can’t thank them enough. I also want to thank my good friend BENCARDIN —Ben and I serve and have served for decades on the Helsinki Commission—for his support and for his efforts. I am grateful to Senator RICHARD  SHELBY and Senator B ARBARA MIKULSKIfor their assistance and driving better Angel Watch Center collaboration with the U.S. Marshals Service’s Sex Offender Targeting Center. USMS will be required to vet names sent out by the Angel Watch Center and share previously vetted names with the Center in order to maximize expertise, avoid duplication of efforts, and ensure accuracy of international notifications. I would note that Senator SHELBY  also championed the passport provisions that will ensure sex offenders with crimes against children cannot endrun the system. I would like to thank his professional staffer, Shannon Hines, who was extraordinarily smart and creative during this process. Thanks to professional staffer Jen Deci as well as Senator MIKULSKI ’s staffer, Jennifer Eskra, for their tireless work as well. Senator JOHNCORNYN , majority leader, did not rest on his success earlier this year in navigating the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act through the Senate, but persisted until International Megan’s Law was complete over on the Senate side. Last, but not least, I would like to thank my chief of staff, Mary Noonan, who has been tenacious in guiding this bill past obstacle after obstacle, and Allison Hollabaugh, who worked energetically, effectively, and expertly with the agencies and other interested parties to achieve the final bill. I also would like to thank my former top Foreign Affairs Committee staff member, Sheri Rickert, who spent countless hours over several years negotiating with disparate parties trying to achieve passage of the bill. Those efforts, Sheri, were not in vain. I would like to thank the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children for their strong endorsement of the bill, the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children, ECPATUSA, and the Family Research Council, for their input, counsel, and strong support. I again first introduced this bill in 2008, alongside Megan Kanka’s parents, Maureen and Richard Kanka. Maureen and Richard, Mr. Speaker, are heroic people. They have fought for decades to spare children and their families from horrific crimes that can and must be prevented. While they still carry deep emotional and psychological scars, Maureen and Richard’s selflessness, love of others, and vision have protected countless children from harm. Enactment of International Megan’s Law will expand meaningful child protection at home and around the world, and I urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me first thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) for his leadership on human rights and anti trafficking issues and for his hard work on International Megan’s Law. I also want to thank the Judiciary Committee for its bipartisan input on this bill. This legislation is the product of a lot of hard work and reflects a commitment to advancing practical and effective ways to help those victimized by sexual predators. This is hard to believe, but around the world today there are tens of millions of victims of human trafficking, which is what we call modernday slavery. Many of these victims are children exploited in prostitution. In many countries, extreme poverty and gaps in law enforcement create zones of impunity where sex offenders exploit vulnerable children. Sometimes local officials have no idea this is going on. Sometimes they turn a blind eye, and sometimes officials are even complicit in this crime. We have a responsibility to protect all victims and to crack down on this crime that destabilizes communities, fuels corruption, and undermines the rule of law. International Megan’s Law aims to prevent child sex offenders and traffickers from exploiting vulnerable children when they cross an international border. This bill would establish an Angel Watch Center within ICE—Immigration and Customs Enforcement—and provide advance notice to foreign governments when a convicted child sex offender travels to their country. This bill will hopefully prevent some of these horrific crimes from taking place. But, Mr. Speaker, fighting modern slavery requires a much more comprehensive response. Beyond prevention, governments must do all they can to protect victims: robust identification efforts; policies and procedures that get victims out of harm’s way; comprehensive support services that include physical and mental health care; education opportunities; legal assistance; reintegration with family and community; and, of course, aggressive investigations and prosecutions to go after those responsible for such heinous crimes. The reality is, the sad reality, is that no single government or single law will put an end to human trafficking. But every step we take strengthens our ability to prevent these crimes, protect victims, and punish those responsible. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 515. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina, (Mr. PITTENGER ), a member of the Financial Services Committee who has been very active in the fight against human trafficking. Mr. PITTENGER. Chairman SMITH, thank you so much for your leadership on behalf of these individuals. Thank you, Chairman ROYCE , for your strong leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, right now more than 20 million people worldwide are caught up in modernday slavery. We call it human trafficking. This isn’t just a problem over there. In the city I represent—Charlotte— Maria was trapped when she answered an ad for an aspiring actress. Rosa was snatched from a local gas station while waiting for a ride. My good friend, Antonia Childs, dreamed of owning a bakery before falling victim to human trafficking. Thankfully, Antonia was rescued and now leads a vital Charlotte organization rescuing women, including Maria and Rosa. As a Nation, we must take responsibility for our part in this horrific, multibilliondollar illicit industry. As Members of Congress, we must take an active role in ending human trafficking worldwide. That is why, on January 22, 2015, I became an original cosponsor in support 
of Chairman S MITH’s H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation. H.R. 515 ensures foreign countries are notified when an American sex offender who has previously abused children is traveling to that country. It encourages foreign countries to provide us with the same vital information when a sex offender is traveling to America. It attacks the sickening practice of child sex tourism by requiring the United States to notify other countries when convicted pedophiles travel abroad. It encourages President Obama to use bilateral agreements and assistance to establish reciprocal notification so that we will know when convicted child offenders are coming here. International Megan’s Law takes valuable lessons we have learned about protecting our children here in the United States and expands those protections globally so all communities can join together to take the necessary steps to protect our children. Please join me in taking this important step to end modern slavery today. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on our side. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the distinguished chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law, focused on preventing demand for child sex trafficking. I really want to acknowledge the hard work by the Member from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), his perseverance here as the bill’s author, as he has tried on several occasions to get this through the Senate and to the President’s desk. With this action today, this bill, when it passes the floor, will go to the President’s desk. I think it is very important that we understand the magnitude of this problem, as he has tried to convey to us here, and how this is going to strengthen the hand of law enforcement. We want law enforcement to consider this a new tool. It will combat the appalling industry of child sex tourism, in which adults travel overseas to exploit children in other countries. My chief of staff, Amy Porter, has gone on several humanitarian missions to work with very young children in Cambodia and elsewhere in South Asia as well. As she shows you the photographs of these little girls exploited and traumatized by this predatory activity, it is hard to fathom that men from around the world, including America, including our country, engage in this predatory activity. While the countries they travel to lack the resources needed to deal with this rising number of child predators, this legislation is going to help us offset that. One of the most discouraging things that my chief of staff, Amy, found was that, in Cambodia, it was the local police chief who himself was involved in the practice. Now, upon her return to again check on this, she found that they had put an end to that. He was no longer in this trade, in this type of business. It had been cleaned up some with pressure from the United States, but it is still ongoing. So this will help us fight back. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield the gentleman 1 minute. Mr. ROYCE. At present, multiple U.S. Government agencies are working to combat human trafficking and child sex tourism, but there has been a troubling lack of coordination and information sharing and notifications to foreign countries that a potential sexual criminal is heading their way, and those notifications are very inconsistent. This bill clarifies the responsibility, puts it on the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. It better coordinates those efforts. And, importantly, by proactively helping other countries to identify those incoming child predators, we will encourage them to alert us when foreigners convicted of sex offenses against children attempt to enter into the United States. b1645 So I commend Chairman SMITH for his work on this bipartisan legislation, and I encourage all Members to support its passage. It will be on the President’s desk here after our action this evening. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentlemen for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking. I would like to thank, like so many have, Congressman CHRIS SMITH for introducing this important legislation to protect innocent children from the evils of sexual predators in the United States and worldwide. As a mother who raised three beautiful children, I can tell you that the constant concern for their safety and protection never goes away. When they were young, I worried if they were safe at the playground down the street, if they were safe at the shopping mall or movie theater. Named after a young girl who was kidnapped, raped, and murdered at just 7 years old by her neighbor, Megan’s Law and public knowledge of predators in our communities have been critical tools in protecting our children and easing some of the many fears that parents feel every single day. I cannot fathom the anger and anguish felt by Megan’s parents and all parents whose children fall prey to such sick predators. I would do anything to protect my children and all children from sexual predators, and I feel blessed that I and my colleagues are in a position where we can make a difference. We will be able to better identify and scrutinize sex offenders’ activity, ensuring that they do not engage in the ghastly practice of sex tourism either in our own neighborhood or any neighborhood around the world. The U.S. must take a leading role as a global defender of children from sexual abuse. Often planning their trips around locations where the most vulnerable children can be found, sex offenders should not be allowed to use the anonymity provided by foreign travel to help hide their hideous crimes. A 2010 Government Accountability Office report showed that in a single year, at least 4,500 registered sex offenders received U.S. passports to travel internationally. This is absolutely unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. During my time as a United States ambassador, I was exposed firsthand to the horrors of sexual abuse and human trafficking on the international level. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Missouri an additional 1 minute. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, as elected Members of Congress, we must stand up for the powerless, and we must provide a voice for the voiceless. Today we are doing just that. Passing the International Megan’s Law, which will provide advance notice of foreign travel by registered sex offenders, is critical. We owe it to the innocent angels like Megan to take these crimes out of the shadows and do everything we can to prevent future crime both in the United States and across the globe. Today I will vote to pass the International Megan’s Law, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in providing protection for potential victims worldwide and greater peace of mind for those who love them. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say this is a bipartisan bill. It will save children’s lives. It will prevent other crimes to victims like Megan Kanka from happening not just in the United States but around the world. I think my good friend, ANNWAGNER , said a moment ago that Megan is an angel. Her parents are guardian angels. They have taken a pain, an agony, and a trauma that is incomprehensible and have worked tirelessly to get Megan’s 
Law enacted throughout the United States and in some other countries. This will take it to the next level and will establish that true reciprocal reciprocity regimen, whereby we notice, they notice, everybody knows what is going on to take the secrecy out of this travel when a convicted pedophile hops on a plane with the idea of exploiting children. This will have a very measurable impact and will protect children from this kind of agony. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, to conclude, I second the comments that were made by Mr. SMITH. I congratulate the family of Megan Kanka. Being a father myself of a 2yearold daughter, I can’t imagine losing a little girl, especially in the heinous way that they did. I remember very much when all of that happened. Hamilton, New Jersey, is only about 40 minutes up the road from where I live in Philadelphia, and I remember the ugly incident very well. The fact that here we are, so many years later, and the family still continues to fight for other little girls and little boys is really remarkable and is a testament to them. I also congratulate the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), who I know has worked tirelessly on this bill for a long period of time. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 515, International Megan’s Law. While I support the underlying goal of ensuring that American law enforcement agencies share information on potential child sex offenders with foreign law enforcement agencies, I am opposed to how one particular provision, added in the Senate amendment before us today, would work in practice. Other existing provisions of the bill already contain the following informationsharing requirements with and among law enforcement agencies here in the United States and abroad: U.S. sex offenders are required to provide international travelrelated information to the sex offender registries; the Department of Homeland Security is required to create the Angel Watch Center to receive information on individuals seeking to enter the U.S. who have committed offenses of a sexual nature as well as registered sex offenders seeking to travel outside the U.S. in order to share all relevant information to federal, state, and local law enforcement officials; the U.S. Marshal’s Service is required to notify law enforcement agencies of sex offenders seeking to leave the United States who have not transmitted their travel information to sex offender registries; the U.S. Marshal’s Service is required to notify the international destination country of a sex offender’s upcoming travel; and the Secretary of State should seek reciprocal international agreements or arrangements to further these goals. If our goal is to ensure that customs and border as well as law enforcement officials are notified so that they may track and investigate those sex offenders who may be engaging in sex tourism or pose a threat of absconding, these provisions have addressed those concerns. As a result, I am skeptical of what more we stand to gain by the Senate amendment’s provision authorizing the Secretary of State to use a ‘‘unique passport identifier for covered sex offenders’’ that is defined as ‘‘any visual designation affixed to a conspicuous location on the passport indicating the individual is a covered sex offender.’’ At best, if this vague language is meant to describe some sort of code or symbol embedded in the passport that is only discernible by law enforcement at the border indicating that the traveler is a sex offender, it is redundant given the other informationsharing mandated by the bill’s other provisions. However, if this is interpreted to mean something akin to the words ‘‘sex offender’’ stamped on the identification page of the passport, this raises serious problems and will lead to unintended consequences. First, it is simply bad policy to single out one category of offenses for this type of treatment. We do not subject those who murder, who defraud the government or our fellow citizens of millions and billions, or who commit acts of terrorism to these restrictions. Second, by treating all sexual offenders as one monolithic group ignores reality. While some pose a continued and real risk of reoffending and may be traveling to engage in sex tourism or other illicit acts, not all pose the same risk. Indeed, the failure of this provision to allow for the individualized consideration of the facts and circumstances surrounding the traveler’s criminal history, including how much time has elapsed since his last offense, underscores how this provision is overbroad. Details such as whether the traveler is a serial child rapist versus someone with a decadesold conviction from when he was 19yearsold and his girlfriend was 14, just missing the Romeo and Juliet exception by one year, are significant and would allow law enforcement to more appropriately prioritize their finite resources. Third, a traveler does not have any recourse with the foreign destination country if he or she is refused entry solely on the basis of this ‘‘unique passport identifier.’’ While the bill has some due process provisions, those apply only domestically. There is no recourse if a traveler is erroneously denied entry from the destination country. Fourth, if the ‘‘unique passport identifier’’ is implemented in a way that makes it obvious to not only law enforcement officials but any member of the general public viewing the passport, this could lead to unintended consequences of persecution and harm to the traveler. This is especially troubling given that no factual context about the offense is provided. If our goal is to ensure that domestic and foreign law enforcement and customs officials are notified of potential threats, multiple existing provisions of the bill already achieve that goal without raising these problematic implementation and fairness concerns. In summary, while I support the underlying goal of ensuring that American law enforcement agencies share information on potential child sex offenders with foreign law enforcement agencies, I have grave concerns about how the redundant and problematic provision regarding the ‘‘unique passport identifier’’, added as a Senate amendment, would work in practice. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose the underlying bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 515 because it seeks to protect our children from predators by identifying the whereabouts of sex offenders and providing means to monitor their activities. This legislation is important because sex trafficking of children is a displaceable act that we detest and has been an ongoing concern for the United States. In addition to protecting our children from national threats, we must also consider the potential threat from international actors, especially during times of increased tourism, like for example the Super Bowl, FIFA World Cup, World Olympics and other major events around the world where tourism is high. This legislation by my friend Representative SMITH aims to protect our children from exploitation, specifically sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered childsex offenders outside of the United States to the government of the destination country. This legislation is important because it requests that foreign governments notify the United States when a known childsex offender is seeking to enter the United States. International child exploitation is increasingly becoming a top priority for all nations and certainly is for our country. For instance, two years ago, during the FIFA World Cup in Brazil, reports of child exploitation received global attention. According to the Department of State, Brazil is a destination country for children subjected to sex trafficking. For the case of Brazil, child sex tourists typically arrive from Europe and North America. According to reports, the Rio de Janeiro civil police identified eight hotels and restaurants involved in a child sexual exploitation network in two city areas. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, as you know, is where the World Olympics will be hosted this summer. According to the Huffington Post, major sporting event usually lead to a spike in the demand for sexual predatory activities. Unfortunately, these accounts of sexual predatory activity include child sex trafficking. Here at home, during the 2014 Super Bowl week, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, along with 50 law enforcement agencies, recovered 16 teenagers during an enforcement action on child sex trafficking. Additionally, more than 45 pimps were arrested, some of whom claimed to travel to the Super Bowl location specifically for the purpose of prostituting women and children at the sporting event. According to Judy Kluger, Director of Sanctuary for Families, and former judge for New York City Criminal Court of New York County, New York, ‘‘the Super Bowl could never not be breeding grounds for sexual exploitation.’’ If a location experiences an exponential increase in large numbers of men travelling for entertainment, it will proportionally see an increase in those who purchase sex. As you all know, I am committed to ensuring the protection of children, always championing the protection of children. As cochair of the Children’s Caucus, I commend the work of all my colleagues here in Congress, dedicated to protecting children here in the U.S. and across the globe. 
This is why I support this legislation and I commend Representative SMITH for championing legislative measures dedicated to the safety and protection of our children worldwide. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 515. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TRAFFICKING PREVENTION IN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CONTRACTING ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 400) to require the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit reports on definitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 400 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This bill may be referred to as the ‘‘Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my coauthor on this bill is the ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL of New York, and I wanted to thank him as well and our 27 bipartisan cosponsors for their support. This is the Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act. As many of our colleagues are aware, we just observed Human Trafficking Awareness Month, shining a spotlight on what is now tens of millions of victims every year of what is modernday slavery. One of the goals here was increasing the awareness of these crimes against human dignity. The scourge of human trafficking now is a worldwide challenge. Although the vulnerability may be greatest in the developing world, these crimes also occur here in our own communities. I am very proud of the work being done in southern California by members of our Human Trafficking Congressional Advisory Committee where advocates, law enforcement, service providers, faithbased groups, and trafficking survivors themselves meet regularly to converse, coordinate, and plan how to combat human trafficking. Out of that working group come a lot of good ideas. I want to acknowledge Sara Catalan who helps me in leading that task force. This bill is intended to close a gap that exists in protection. The United States cannot be too careful in ensuring that our overseas employment 
practices do not inadvertently support debt bondage, because that debt bondage is one of the tools of human traffickers. At some overseas posts, the State Department and USAID rely on contractors to provide construction, security, maintenance, and other services, and these contractors sometimes employ foreign workers recruited from far away, faraway developing countries where they are vulnerable to abuses. In particular, the middlemen those contractors rely on often charge recruitment fees to prospective employees—in other words, payments for the right to work. Current law prohibits U.S. contractors from charging foreign workers unreasonable recruitment fees, and the State Department claims to prohibit any recruitment fees at all. However, neither State nor USAID have defined what constitutes a ‘‘recruitment fee,’’ and this ambiguity allows for a loophole that has been exploited. Recruiters simply rename these fees and continue charging them. This is a serious problem. We had a report by the State Department Inspector General in 2011. He found that a majority of the Department’s foreign contract workers in certain Middle East countries were paying substantial fees to recruiters—and this is what caught our attention—sometimes more than a year’s salary resulting in, in the words of our Inspector General—in his words—‘‘effective debt bondage.’’ A worker from the Philippines performing janitorial services for our Embassy in Saudi Arabia should not be at risk of shakedowns from unscrupulous or violent operators. To ensure that our overseas contracting does not feed such problems, this bill requires State and USAID to define what prohibited ‘‘recruitment fees’’ are and to report to Congress on their plans to improve contract monitoring, to protect against human trafficking. A prohibition is only forceful if people understand what is prohibited. Clarifying these matters will give our contractors the guidance they need to ensure that our laws and policies are followed by those they use to recruit foreign workers. I again want to thank Mr. ENGEL and all of our cosponsors for their support of this strongly bipartisan bill which deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and also Ranking Member ENGEL for their leadership and for their hard work on this bill. It seems that every day we see another report about the way modern slavery touches our lives. Fish caught by an enslaved sailor in Southeast Asia ends up in our grocery stores. Rare metals that are needed to power our smartphones are mined through forced labor in Central Africa. Oranges and tomatoes grown right here in the United States are picked by migrants who end up trapped and isolated. Human trafficking is a crime that affects every nation on Earth. It undermines stability, fuels criminal networks, and robs tens of millions of people of their basic freedom. It touches all of our lives. United States Government has long been a leader in the fight against trafficking. Republican and Democratic administrations alike have focused hard on the best way to prevent modern slavery, protect its victims, and prosecute those responsible. The State Department’s Annual Trafficking in Persons Report is the global gold standard for assessing how well governments are doing to combat this problem. As we learn more and more about this crime, how it has worked its way into the global supply chain and labor market, we find new ways of disrupting trafficking networks. Part of American leadership on this issue must be to make sure, first and foremost, that we are not making this problem worse. Our foreign affairs agencies employ thousands of foreign contract workers overseas. These men and women work in construction, food service, and security projects abroad. In 2011, inspectors interviewing some of these workers found that 77 percent of them had paid recruiting fees to the company arranging the work. What that means is before workers are able to get these jobs, they need to pay a recruiter a hefty sum. Sometimes these fees are 6 months’ or even a year’s wages. These fees can include the high costs of housing or transportation to a worksite in a foreign country. So often, a worker arrives at a new job saddled with debt and is forced to work until he or she can pay the socalled recruiter back. This sort of treatment is unacceptable under any circumstances. The fact that this is happening to individuals working for the United States Government is absolutely intolerable. f 
b1700 We cannot be the world’s leader in the fight against modern slavery if taxpayer dollars are flowing into the hands of traffickers. The Obama administration saw this problem and took steps to deal with it. An executive order forbids any U.S. Government contractors from charging unreasonable recruitment fees. But so far the State Department and USAID have been unable to enforce this requirement. The reason why—neither agency has defined recruitment fees, so their guidelines for fair treatment of workers by contractors are unenforceable. Mr. Speaker, this is simply not acceptable. This bill requires that the State Department and USAID adopt a legally binding definition of recruitment fees. In addition, the agencies must improve how they monitor contractors to detect and prevent human trafficking. This legislation represents a commonsense step to resolve this problem and to make sure we have a clean House as we lead global antitrafficking efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and he is the author of the original Trafficking Victims Protection Act. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague, the distinguished chairman, EDROYCE , for his persistence and creativity in finding new ways to hold the administration accountable for preventing human trafficking, especially in government contracting, as is required by the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 and the National Defense Authorization Act of 2013. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that U.S. Government procurement should be the quintessential example of how to buy goods and services from reputable vendors. The TVPA ensures that contracts are lost if there is complicity in trafficking and that responsible parties are prosecuted if they, in like manner, are complicit in human trafficking. H.R. 400 targets a key piece of the law for practical implementation and brings our government one step closer to ensuring that U.S. tax dollars are not going to companies that look askance at human trafficking by their contractors and subcontractors. Again, this is a very important bill. I want to thank the distinguished chairman for his leadership on this. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would simply congratulate the gentleman who does a wonderful job chairing our Foreign Affairs Committee. As I said on a radio show in Philadelphia last week, I really wish those who say that there is no bipartisanship in Washington, D.C., could see the way the ranking member, Mr. ENGEL , and our chairman, Mr. R OYCE , conduct our foreign affairs business. I think they would have a different view. I am proud to support this piece of legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to do so. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. BRENDAN BOYLE  of Pennsylvania for his work on this. On the heels of Human Trafficking Awareness Month, I think it is important that we as an institution take this 
opportunity to ensure that our own overseas contracting does not indirectly support debt bondage, and that is what this legislation ensures. Our practices need to reflect our Nation’s fundamental commitments to freedom and human dignity, and, most importantly as well, we need to set an example for the rest of the world. I think by passing this legislation we will do so. I again want to thank my coauthor, Mr. ENGEL , and all of our bipartisan cosponsors for their support of this bill. It really deserves our unanimous support. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 400, the Trafficking Prevention In Foreign Affairs Contracting Act. I support this legislation because it enforces the implementation of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. H.R. 400 requires the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to submit reports on definitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Indeed, the office of the Inspector General reported that a significant majority of the Department of State’s foreign workers in certain Middle Eastern countries paid substantial fees to recruiters. According to the Inspector General, ‘‘approximately onehalf of the workers were charged recruitment fees equaling more than six months’ salary.’’ Moreover, ‘‘more than a quarter of the workers reported fees greater than one year’s salary and . . . fees that could not be paid off in two years.’’ The United States Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that USAID, the Department of State (DOS), and the Defense Department (DOD) should enhance and strengthen their oversight of contractors in order to better protect against trafficking in persons. The agencies should develop more precise definitions of recruitment fees, and have stronger implementation strategies towards contracting officials in areas where the risk of trafficking in persons is high. Indeed, out of the three agencies previously addressed, only the DOD committed to definitional recruitment fees and concurred with the United States GAO’s definitional recommendation. A proposed Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) rule that prohibits charging any recruitment fees to employees was noted by both the Department of State and USAID. However, both the Department of State and USAID lacked an explicit definition for what constitutes a prohibited recruitment fee. Without an explicit definition of the components of recruitment fees, the risk of debt bondages increase, prohibited fees are more likely to be renamed and passed, and other conditions that contribute to trafficking are more likely to occur. I support this legislation because no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, both the Secretary of State and the Administrator of USAID shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes a proposed definition of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of complying with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Both entities will also include a description of what fee components and amounts are prohibited or are permissible for contractors or their agents to charge workers. An explanation of how the definition provided will be incorporated into grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and contracting practices will be required. Both the 180day period preceding the date of submission and the one year following the date of submission require a report of the description of actions taken. Indeed, acknowledging the actions executed during the time periods provided ensure that officials responsible for grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements and contracting practices include the prevention of trafficking in persons in plans and processes. These include agreements and contracting practices that relate to areas of the world in which the risk of trafficking in persons is high. In a 2011 CNN report, we learned about a federal agency filing a large human trafficking lawsuit. The article discussed Thai workers who made their way to the nonprofit agency. Some were approached by a labor contractor who offered what is said to be a lucrative job on a farm in the United States, but the would be workers unfortunately found themselves owing thousands of dollars in recruiting fees instead. I support this legislation because it facilitates, establishes and monitors a strong system for submitting reports pertaining to explicit definitions of placement and recruitment fees, so foreign workers recruited from developing countries are not vulnerable to a variety of traffickingrelated abuses. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 400, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ELECTRIFY AFRICA ACT OF 2015 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2152) to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in subSaharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2152 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The purpose of this Act is to encourage the efforts of countries in subSaharan Africa to improve access to affordable and reliable electricity in Africa in order to unlock the potential for inclusive economic growth, job creation, food security, improved health, education, and environmental outcomes, and poverty reduction. 
Mr. ROYCE. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking this bill’s Senate cosponsors. The Senate sponsors of the original measure are BOBCORKER , chairman of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee, and the ranking member, Mr. CARDIN , as well as two other Senators, MARCO  RUBIO and C HRIS COONS . I thank them for their good work to ensure this bill’s Senate passage. We had our House version passed into the Senate. I also want to thank Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , as well as Chairman CHRIS SMITH, and Ranking Member KAREN BASS of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee for working so closely with me to develop the concept for this legislation over the last several years. Last Congress, the House passed a similar version of the measure we consider today. With today’s action, this bill will head to the President’s desk for signature. The Electrify Africa Act seeks to address the massive electricity shortage in Africa. It is a direct response to the fact that today 600 million people living in subSaharan Africa—that is 70 percent of the population—do not have access to reliable electricity. The Electrify Africa Act offers a marketbased response to this problem, and it will bring about the development of affordable, reliable energy in Africa. Why do we want to help increase energy access to the continent? Well, to create jobs and to improve lives in both Africa and America. It is no secret that Africa has great potential as a trading partner and could help create jobs here in the U.S. As the Foreign Affairs Committee investigated how to make better use of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, which was landmark legislation passed over a decade ago to expand trade with Africa, we learned that the lack of affordable, reliable energy made the production of goods for trade and export nearly impossible. Even where other conditions supported manufacturing, the cost of running a plant on a diesel generator is prohibited. However, the U.S. is not alone in its interest in enhancing trade with Africa. We have competition. Just last month, the People’s Republic of China pledged $60 billion in financial support to the continent. If the United States wants to tap into this potential consumer base, we need to be aggressively building partnerships on the continent, which is what this bill does. This bill will also have a tangible impact on people’s lives. As former chairman of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, I have seen firsthand how our considerable investments in improving access to health care and education in Africa are undermined by a lack of reliable electricity. Mr. ENGEL and I visited a power provider in rural Tanzania, which would help meet the goals of this bill, in a place where only 10 percent of the population has access to electricity. In areas like that throughout Africa, schoolchildren are forced to study by inefficient, dangerous kerosene lamps. Cold storage of lifesaving vaccines is almost impossible without reliable electricity. Too many families resort to using charcoal or other toxic fuel sources whose fumes cause more deaths than HIV/AIDS and malaria combined and also damage the eyesight of the children trying to study. In Tanzania, we now have American entrepreneurs bringing new technology and management expertise to the remotest areas of Africa, and that is improving lives. Many of us on the committee have worked to transform our foreign assistance from programs that offer extensive BandAids to policies that support economic growth and independence. The Electrify Africa Act is part of this transition. This bill mandates a clear and comprehensive U.S. policy providing the private sector with the platform that it needs to invest in African electricity. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE , Subcommittee Chairman SMITH, and Ranking Member B ASS. I also want to thank our Senate colleagues, especially Chairman CORKER  and Ranking Member CARDIN , for advancing this effort. We are now in a place to send this legislation to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, across subSaharan Africa, more than 600 million individuals live without access to reliable electricity. That is double the U.S. population without electricity, nearly two thirds of their population. For individuals, that deficit means never knowing what will happen with the flip of a switch. It means a day’s work needs to come to an end at sunset, that food can’t be refrigerated, and that technology that is so valuable for connecting to the rest of the world can’t be relied upon. For communities, lack of access to power undermines the ability of hospitals to deliver health care because 
vaccines spoil and medical equipment sits useless. Businesses can’t expand and thrive. Schools are limited in what they can offer students. For countries, these factors combine to undermine stability and stymie progress. Without reliable power, countries can’t become strong players in the global economy or strong partners on the global stage. The better these countries do, the better it is for their neighbors, for their region, and for the entire world. As you can see, the United States has an interest in helping these countries grapple with this challenge and making sure the lights stay on. That is why the Electrify Africa Act is such an important bill. This legislation puts into law President Obama’s 2013 Power Africa initiative. It seeks to create strong, new partnerships among governments, banks, and other private sector investors with the aim of providing first time power to 50 million people by the year 2020. It calls for a longterm strategy from our own government for assisting subSaharan African countries with national power strategies, and it directs other American agencies to make assistance for power projects in subSaharan Africa a top priority. It helps bring American influence to bear around the world to encourage international bodies to bring a new focus on this challenge. Mr. Speaker, I fully support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. I want to congratulate Chairman ROYCE on the Electrify Africa Act as a companion bill to the legislation that we have before us today. We held a hearing in my subcommittee that KAREN BASSwill remember well in November of 2014. The blessings that will accrue from a huge effort to electrify Africa are almost without limit, especially when it comes to health care and ensuring that students can have proper light to go to school and to study, particularly at night. All of the benefits that we take for granted in the United States and in other parts of the world still have yet to come to Africa. In the 21st century, energy has become vital, as we all know, to modern societies. We no longer have to shop for food each day. Refrigerators keep food cold and preserved longer, whether in our homes, in restaurants, or during the process of transportation. Cell phones, computers, televisions, and other electronics require electrical power to allow us to lead more productive lives in the modern world and increasingly in the developing world. As we have seen in the recent Ebola epidemic and in the current Zika virus epidemic, it is vital that medicines and plasma be kept cold so that they don’t lose their potency. Of course, in the preservation of blood and so many other items that are essential to life, electricity facilitates their continuance and their potency. b1715 It is unfortunate that the continent of Africa has so many people who have been denied the ability to enjoy the advances of science. Currently, only 290 million people out of about 914 million Africans have access to electricity and the total number lacking continues to rise. Bioenergy, mainly fuel, wood, and charcoal, is still the major source of fuel, and as the chairman pointed out in his opening comments, it threatens the lives of so many people in Africa, including the eyesight of many of those who experience that. On the other hand, hydropower accounts for about 20 percent of the total power supply in the region, but less than 10 percent of its estimated potential has been realized. Persistent drought in some areas makes hydropower unpredictable. The Electrify Africa Act takes an all oftheabove approach—all of these good prospects—in promoting the widest selection of sources of energy that includes all forms of fossil fuels, but also hydroelectric and renewable energy sources. This facilitates African nations to use all available energy sources. Coal, which is abundant in Africa, will be in the mix, and, hopefully, we can help them import clean coal technology to mitigate pollution. Again, I thank the chairman for this legislation. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations and who is a leader on subSaharan Africa issues. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2152, the Electrify Africa Act. I commend the leadership and the work especially of our chair, Mr. ROYCE , of our ranking member, Mr. ENGEL , of our subcommittee chair, Mr. SMITH, and also of our committed members and staffs of the House Foreign Affairs Committee as well as of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on this critical bill. Because of this bill, the lives of millions of people can be changed immeasurably for the better. I remind my colleagues that two thirds of the population of subSaharan Africa live without electricity, particularly in the rural areas. This means that children are forced to study by candlelight and that doctors and midwives are delivering babies by relying on flashlights. The effort to devise an inexpensive, safe, and reliable source of power is being addressed not only in the small, brilliant initiatives by young African entrepreneurs, such as by those whom I met when I had the honor of traveling with President Obama to the 2015 Global Entrepreneurship Summit in Nairobi, but also in the large, innovative publicprivate partnerships, such as Power Africa. Electrify Africa can contribute to this effort in a major way by helping to address the glaring absence of electrical power for at least 50 million people in subSaharan Africa by 2020, thus improving the education, health care, and other basic needs of millions of Africans. The lack of access to power adversely affects broadbased economic development on the continent. This was particularly evident last year during the Ebola crisis in three small African countries. That battle was won with the help of the U.S. and with wellcoordinated regional efforts on the ground. Yet, in order to win the war against other crippling diseases, there must be greater access to electrical power. In working together, we have crafted legislation that will focus on increasing access to electricity in rural and poor communities through small, renewable energy projects that will result in at least millions of Africans having access to electricity for the first time in their lives by 2020. When we worked together last year to pass AGOA, we knew much more was needed in order to build the infrastructure that supported African nations in their ability to develop the capacity to become full trading partners with the United States. This legislation, along with AGOA, is consistent with the theme from the continent—trade, not aid—moving toward the continent of Africa’s being selfsufficient and selfdetermined. I am proud to serve as an original cosponsor of this legislation, and I invite fellow Members to support this bill as well. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , and the subcommittee chairman and ranking member. Sometimes the right thing to do is also in our strategic interests as a country, and this piece of legislation is a great example of that. I urge this body to pass it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I again thank all of this bill’s cosponsors in the House and in the Senate as well as the House and Senate staffs, particularly Nilmini Rubin. I also thank Andy Olson, whose hard work has gotten us here today. 
I also acknowledge Andrew Herscowitz—the USAID Power Africa’s coordinator—and his team, who are watching this debate right now in the gallery. I think, as we look at the range of enthusiasm for this legislation, at the last count I took, we had letters of support from 35 African ambassadors, from the Chamber of Commerce, from the Corporate Council on Africa, from the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, from the American Academy of Pediatrics, and, of course, from the ONE Campaign. The United States has economic and national security interests in the continued development of the African continent. This bill sets out a comprehensive, sustainable, and marketbased plan to bring 600 million Africans out of the dark and into the global economy, benefiting American businesses and workers at the same time and, frankly, saving lives at the same time. So I urge all Members to support the Electrify Africa Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of S. 2152 an important legislation. I support S. 2152 because it seeks to establish a comprehensive United States policy that encourages the efforts of countries in Africa to develop an appropriate mix of electricity solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. According to the World Bank, those living on $1.25 day in Africa accounted for 48.5% of the population in that region in 2010. Moreover, the U.S. Energy Information Administration statistics state that in 2011 the whole of Africa possessed only 78 gigawatts of installed generation capacity, of which South Africa accounted for 44 gigawatts. By comparison, installed capacity in the United States alone was 1,053 gigawatts. In other words, all of Africa has only 7% of the electric capacity of the United States. This is why S. 2152 is important, as it can be instrumental in helping to facilitate higher energy capacities in Africa. Furthermore, actual production capacity for Africa is likely to be substantially lower than the theoretical quantity because of inadequate maintenance, outmoded equipment and fuel shortages. Using percapita data, a US citizen on average uses 12,461 kilowatt hours of electricity per annum; a citizen of Ethiopia uses 52. On average, only 30% of Africa’s citizens have any access to electric electricity, and even where electricity is available, provision can be sporadic, with frequent electricity cuts and ‘‘brownouts.’’ For now, the continent remains largely dependent on hydroelectricity with 13 countries utilizing hydroelectricity for 60% or more of their energy. But, hydroelectricity relies on rain and Africa’s rain fall is sporadic at best. The reliance on sporadic rainfall adversely impacts the effectiveness and accessibility to hydroelectricity sources. Energy is a key life blood of every economy and community. In addition to electricity in homes, the energy sector has been instrumental in creating millions of jobs, providing lighting to communities and healthcare centers, fueling our vehicles, increasing literacy and life expectancy. As an advocate for energy empowerment in Africa, I have championed energy brain trusts that are convened to serve as a platform for all relevant stakeholders from the energy sectors including coal, electric, natural gas, nuclear, oil and emerging energy sources such as wind, solar, hydroelectricity and turbine energy. I support the Electrify Africa Act as it will address the energy issues of the day. As you all may know, with enthusiasm, optimism and a collaborative spirit I partnered with my colleagues here in Congress and experts in other U.S. agencies such as USAID, which has been spearheading innovative energy initiatives through its interagency efforts. This legislation is important because it will increase the number of people with new access to electricity and electricity services. This legislation will improve and expand the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity. I support this legislation because it provides reliable electricity to people and businesses in urban and rural communities. It will address the energy needs of citizens living in areas where there is little or no access to electricity grids. It is also important because it will help develop plans to systemically increase coverage in rural areas. It will facilitate the reduction in transmission and distribution losses and improve enduse efficiency and demandside management as well as end energyrelated impediments to business productivity and investment. Additionally, this legislation will facilitate the capacity of countries in Africa to monitor appropriately and transparently the regulation of the power sector. It will also serve as an economic stimulator because it will encourage private investment in energy production and distribution. Overall, this legislation is important because it makes accessible a human necessity: electricity, which will dramatically improve the quality of life of children, women and men. Access to electricity will aid the midwife in successfully delivering a healthy child, while insuring the mother’s successful recovery. Access to electricity, taken for granted in some parts of the world is critical in Africa because it will provide the light for a child to do his or her homework. Electricity gives Africa’s future innovator, politician and teacher access to the internet: opening countless doors. I support this legislation because it will promote firsttime access to electricity and electricity services for at least 50,000,000 people in Africa. This legislation will facilitate the installation of at least 20,000 additional megawatts of electricity in Africa by 2020 in both urban and rural areas. When Africa succeeds the world succeeds and this is why I support this legislation and I thank my colleagues for their bipartisan support across both chambers of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2152. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1829 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 6 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3700, HOUSING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. STIVERS from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–411) on the resolution (H. Res. 594) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was meeting with constituents. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall no. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ENHANCEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4168) to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual governmentbusiness forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 390, nays 1, not voting 42, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amodei Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Butterfield Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Clay Crowley Cummings Edwards Engel Fattah Franks (AZ) Grijalva Hice, Jody B. Huizenga (MI) Issa Jackson Lee Kaptur King (IA) Kirkpatrick LaMalfa Lewis Loebsack Maloney, Sean Massie Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Nadler Pompeo Rohrabacher Rokita Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Scott, Austin Sires Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I be removed as a cosponsor from both H.R. 1019 and H.R. 1401. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 546 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 546, the ACE Kids Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4188) to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
1⁄4of the SE 1⁄4Section 24, Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4260 feet; thence northerly parallel to the east line of said SE 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2015’’. 
Coast Guard in performing its statutory duties and functions in the Arctic on a more permanent basis and to allow for public and private sector development of facilities and other infrastructure to support purposes that are of benefit to the United States. 
Conveyance of any Tract under this subtitle shall not affect investigations, criminal jurisdiction, and responsibilities regarding theft or vandalism of archeological or cultural resources located in or on such Tract that took place prior to conveyance under this subtitle. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4188. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand here with my good friend from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), and it looks like the third time is the charm for the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. After twice passing an authorization bill to the Senate in 2015, we finally have before us a Senatepassed bill. H.R. 4188, as amended by the Senate, is very similar to the legislation which passed the House in December of 2015. It makes several reforms to Coast Guard authorities, as well as laws governing shipping and navigation. It is important legislation that will assist the Coast Guard in fulfilling its missions. I thank the committee ranking members, Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. G ARAMENDI , for their hard work and their efforts, and Chairman SHUSTER for his leadership. Our collective interests to support the Coast Guard and its many missions allowed for the development of the bill before us today. The members of the Coast Guard do a tremendous job for our Nation. Coast Guard servicemembers place their lives on the line and at risk on a daily basis to save those in danger, ensure the safety and security of our ports and waterways, and protect our environmental resources. Passing H.R. 4188 will help rebuild and strengthen the Coast Guard. It will also demonstrate the strong support Congress has for the men and women of the Coast Guard and the deep appreciation we have for the sacrifices they make for our Nation. b1900 I thank John Rayfield, who is on my staff, and the Democrats’ staff for what they have done on this bill. I thank Reyna Hernandez McGrail for the work that she put in, and I thank Commander Burdian, with the Coast Guard, who liaised with us on a daily basis to get this done. I urge all Members to support H.R. 4188 as amended by the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to be here again, at the beginning of another year, to rise to join Chairman HUNTER in strong support of legislation to authorize funding for the United States Coast Guard and to advance new policy initiatives to strengthen the prospects for the U.S. flag and the U.S. maritime industry. H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, is very carefully crafted bipartisanbicameral legislation that has been developed over the course of far too long. It should have and could have been done last year, but here we are. I thank the Senate. I guess I should be a little more kind to the other House. Several months of negotiation with Members of the Senate have finally concluded. This bill is deserving of robust support from Members on both sides of the aisle, and I urge its quick passage by the House today so it can be enrolled and sent to the President for his signature. I thank Chairman HUNTER for his leadership and cooperative spirit in working with me and the other Democrats to address our interests and concerns. The willingness of Chairman HUNTER and of his outstanding staff on the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee to collaborate and work with the minority is very, very much appreciated. Now, the bill is not perfect. In fact, I haven’t seen one in the years I have been here, and that has been a few years now; but that is the case with virtually every piece of bipartisan legislation that has been passed by Congress. On balance, the benefits of this bill really outweigh any detrimental aspects. I am pleased this legislation will provide an increased authorized funding level for the Coast Guard for the next 2 fiscal years. Our Coast Guard has suffered over the past 3 to 4 fiscal years due to insufficient budgets. The authorized funding levels in this legislation, along with the increased appropriation in the fiscal year 2016 omnibus bill, are a marked improvement. The importance of budget stability to the men and women of the Coast Guard cannot be overstated. Coastguardsmen and women are pressed daily to meet the arduous demands of the service’s 11 statutory missions which scatter them over seven different continents and every ocean. In fact, last week, I saw three of our cutters at the dock in Bahrain working to preserve our interests in the Persian Gulf. The last thing our Coast Guard needs is to face recurrent budget uncertainties, a circumstance which leaves the service’s leadership unable to know exactly what resources and capabilities they have available to perform vital national security functions, such as addressing port and harbor security, illegal drug and migrant interdiction, search and rescue, law enforcement and environmental response actions, and several other important activities. This legislation will also strengthen our national security through provisions that enhance policies that govern foreign port security assignments. Others that bolster the coordination of international port inspections, conducted by the Coast Guard and our foreign partners, will help better ensure that critical maritime infrastructure does not become a liability for national security. Additionally, language included in the bill will strengthen the Coast Guard’s maritime drug enforcement authority, which should improve the Federal Government’s activities in the Western Hemisphere to combat illegal drug trafficking, which has had a substantial destabilizing effect on several nations across the region. I am also very pleased that this legislation continues to move the ball down the field in an effort to strengthen and to recapitalize a new fleet of polar class heavy icebreakers for the Coast Guard. It is clear that we are witnessing the opening of the Arctic to maritime commerce. We have got to do something, and this bill puts us on the road to doing that. In this most challenging of maritime environments, it is vital that the service has the icebreaking capabilities it will need to operate safely and effectively; so we will figure out whether the Polar Sea can actually be 
refitted. Additionally, this legislation authorizes funding to allow the Coast Guard to maintain progress in finalizing requirements and in initiating preliminary designs for a new heavy icebreaker. In moving to an end here, I am pleased that the legislation includes language to continue to preserve the remaining infrastructure at the former LORAN–C stations until such time that the administration makes a final decision on whether to build an enhanced LORAN, or E–LORAN, infrastructure as a reliable landbased, lowfrequency backup navigation and timing signal for the global positioning satellite signal, which, I think, most of us know is the single point of failure for most of the American economy and for a good deal of our military. The GPS signal is fairly easy to corrupt, to degrade, or to otherwise disrupt. For this reason, we need to think seriously about a backup, and this bill sets us on the right course. This administration needs to make a decision on this, and it should make it now. The language in this legislation ensures that we will have available in the future the remaining LORAN–C infrastructure. I look forward to working with Chairman SHUSTER , with Ranking Member DEFAZIO, and, of course, with Chairman HUNTER in advancing this initiative wherever and whenever possible. Again, I thank Chairman HUNTER and his staff for their support for the Coast Guard and the U.S. maritime industry and for their cooperation and leadership in pulling this bill together. Of course, Congressman SHUSTER , who is the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and Ranking Member DEFAZIO also deserve thanks for their leadership and contributions. I thank my staff and the majority’s staff for the work that they have done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the chairman for the good work that has gone into this very important bill. As somebody who represents onethird of the California coast, obviously, this legislation is important to me. I want to especially thank the chairman and ranking member for one part of this legislation that has special significance to the people of Marin County, whom I am honored to represent. Finding affordable housing in Marin County is very difficult, and it has only gotten harder since the Great Recession and since the rebound in the real estate market. That has had an impact on the families I represent. It has had an impact on businesses and on folks in agriculture who can’t find the fulltime staff that they need because they can’t afford to live in the community. Section 501 of this bill is going to help in a very significant way to address this housing crunch in West Marin. It is going to take some Coast Guard property that is excess property and sell it at fair market value to the County of Marin. This will be a win win for the County of Marin and also for the Coast Guard. I look forward to seeing the county begin working with local partners on repurposing this property for the public benefit of affordable housing. We still have a long way to go to make sure that working families in places like Marin County and everyplace else have access to quality housing, but this bill is an important step for at least one community that I represent. I thank the tireless group of advocates who have worked on this, especially West Marin County Supervisor Steve Kinsey, Kim Thompson, and all of those at the Community Land Trust Association of West Marin, and others. Finally, I thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO and Chairman S HUSTER as well as the subcommittee members and staff. I thank very much the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. If I might just close by saying a special ‘‘thank you’’ to the chairman and his staff, to my staff—David—and to my own team on this. Also, this really was a bipartisan bill; so I thank Chairman THUNE and the ranking Democrat on the committee, BILLNELSON , for their efforts in putting together this bill. Let’s get this job done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, the Coast Guard in the future is going to fulfill a much greater role than it has filled since its inception. As you have weapons of mass destruction become ubiquitous throughout the world, the bad guys are going to use the same routes that they use to smuggle drugs and people to smuggle weapons of mass destruction into this country. It is my belief and Mr. GARAMENDI ’s firm belief that the Coast Guard is going to play a major, pivotal role going forward. After the Iranian deal goes through, who knows who is going to have nuclear weapons. It is going to be the Coast Guard that interdicts and stops them on those same drug routes that they are going to be taking with those weapons of mass destruction; so it is important that we make sure that they are staffed, that they are capable, and that they are ready to do what we need them to do as a nation, even if it is different than what they have done for the last few hundred years. I also thank my staff and Mr. GARAMENDI ’s staff and my personal staff for their time and effort. I will even squeak in a thankyou for the Senate for just finally getting it done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4188, the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015’’, as amended by the Senate. This legislation is virtually the same bill that the House passed last December by voice vote. I urge Members from both sides of the aisle to again support this important maritime legislation. As I noted when the bill passed the House late last year, this legislation reflects a sensible compromise negotiated with the other body that, most importantly, would provide increased authorized funding levels and budget stability for the Coast Guard for the next two years. Combined with the matching increases in FY 2016 appropriations contained in the recentlyenacted Consolidated Appropriations Act, we will have provided a solid foundation to build from in the coming fiscal year. Additionally, the legislation includes provisions to improve Coast Guard mission effectiveness, continue efforts to recapitalize the Service’s aging vessels and other assets—especially the need for new polar icebreakers— and enhance maritime security and safety policy. Importantly, the bill extends the existing statutory prohibition preventing the Coast Guard from closing its air facility, or AIRFAC, located in Newport, Oregon. Due to budget cuts, in 2014, the Coast Guard threatened to close the Newport AIRFAC—which handles onehalf of the emergency search and rescue response calls on the Central Oregon Coast. In fact, only last week a 40foot crabbing vessel capsized a mile from the entrance to Coos Bay, throwing four fishermen into the frigid and perilous waters of the North Pacific Ocean. This incident again demonstrates that calamity can strike at anytime off the Oregon Coast. It underscores the importance of keeping a strong AIRFAC presence along the Oregon coastline, to ensure the safety of Oregon’s fishing industry, and the people who live, recreate, or work along the coast. This legislation extends the existing statutory prohibition for an additional two years, and likely longer, depending on whether the Coast Guard completes some necessary planning to address the looming need to recapitalize its two helicopter fleets. Moreover, after the prohibition expires, this legislation authorizes a rigorous administrative process that the Coast Guard must follow before it can close any AIRFAC. In the future, the Coast Guard must promptly notify Members of Congress representing affected areas and convene public meetings in communities within the area of responsibility of the AIRFAC to gather information on how the closure would affect residents and visitors. In its totality, this provision will ensure that any future proposal to close an AIRFAC will be vetted extensively through a transparent, public process; a process that will ensure that the Coast Guard’s search and rescue capabilities are the absolute last place any one should consider cutting in the Coast Guard’s budget. I want to thank the Chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Congressman BILLSHUSTER , for his leadership on this legislation. I also want to express my 
appreciation for the very constructive and bipartisan working relationship we have developed to advance the agenda of the Committee this Congress. This legislation is a great start to 2016. I also want to thank the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, Congressman DUNCAN HUNTER, and Ranking Member J OHN GARAMENDI , for their support for this provision, and for their close cooperation and contributions throughout negotiations with the other body. In closing, Mr. Speaker, the final legislation before the House is a sensible, bipartisan product that supports our Nation’s Coast Guard. And while admittedly not perfect, this legislation is something that Members on both sides of the aisle should readily support. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this critical legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 4188. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PENN STATE POLICE OFFICER STEW NEFF MARKS 50 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I deeply admire the service of policemen and women who serve across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District; but, today, I rise to note Lieutenant Stew Neff’s service. He has been a member of the Penn State University Police Department for the past five decades. Lieutenant Neff was born and raised not too far from State College, and he joined the Penn State Police Department as a dispatcher on January 10, 1966. Since then, he has filled many roles, most recently as a training officer, as a firearms instructor, and as a special events coordinator for the past 13 years. As a sign of his longevity with the department, consider that the current assistant chief went to high school with Lieutenant Neff’s daughter. At a time when so many people switch jobs at the drop of a hat, Stew’s dedication to the Penn State Police Department and to the university, itself, is highly commendable. Lieutenant Neff isn’t planning on retiring soon. He says that he still loves his job and embraces the opportunity to serve his community as a member of the Penn State Police Department. I wish Stew the best of luck as his career continues. MAJOR SHAWN CAMPBELL; CORPORAL MATTHEW DROWN— TEXAS MARINES (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while patrolling the blue South Pacific seas, two American Stallion helicopters collided off the coast of Hawaii. It was January 14, 2016. Twelve U.S. marines on board perished. Despite rescue efforts by air and sea, the marines were never found. Their watery graves are only known to God. Major Shawn Campbell, 41, and Corporal Matthew Drown, 23, were Texas’ own. They were graduates of two neighboring high schools—Klein and Klein Oak—in my Texas congressional district. Major Campbell, over here with two of his children, was a hardcore marine. A graduate of Texas A&M in microbiology, he served three tours of duty in combat in the Middle East. Recently, he was ordered to the States as an instructor pilot. Major Campbell left behind a wife and four kids. Corporal Matthew Drown joined the Marines right out of Klein Oak High School in 2011. He was on the debate team and was a friend everyone wanted to have. He was planning on reenlisting in the Marine Corps. These volunteers lived and died protecting America. They are the best that we have. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing like a marine. Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference . . . The Marines don’t have that problem.’’ These men of Texas—Major Campbell and Corporal Drown—are two of those marines. Now there are two more marines guarding Heaven’s pearly gates. We pray for their families. Semper Fi, Marines. Semper Fi. And that is just the way it is. 
b1915 EFREE ACT (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to tell the story of Elvira Lopez of Odessa, Texas, one of tens of thousands of women harmed by the permanent sterilization device, Essure. Elvira’s story began in 2011 when she sought a tubal ligation. She was instead introduced to Essure. After surgery, her health began to decline dramatically. Despite symptoms of confusion, low energy, and constant pain, doctor after doctor told her that the device was not causing her health issues. Then, in 2015, she had no choice but to undergo a hysterectomy as a last ditch attempt to end the pain caused by this flawed device. I rise as a voice for the Essure Sisters to tell this Chamber that their pain is real, their stories are real, and their fight is real. Mr. Speaker, my bill, the EFree Act, can halt this tragedy by removing this dangerous device from the market. Too many women have been harmed. I urge my colleagues to join this fight because stories like Elvira’s are too important to ignore. f 
TRUTH IN ADVERTISING ACT OF 2016 (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again ask the Federal Trade Commission to uphold its responsibility to protect consumers from the harmful effects of deceptive imagery in advertisements. Along with my colleagues, LOIS CAPPS and T EDDEUTCH , I am proud to introduce the Truth in Advertising Act of 2016 to direct the FTC to more fully study deceptive ads. Research shows that a photoshopped body and facial image can have a negative impact on mental health, potentially leading to the onset of depression, anxiety, and other behavioral disorders. In particular, deceptive imagery may be contributing to the explosion of eating disorders in our country, with 30 million Americans now suffering and nearly two dozen deaths occurring each day from eating disorders. It is time we all worked together to stop these deceptive advertising practices and end their heavy cost on families and taxpayers. 
GRANITE STATERS COPE WITH HEROIN EPIDEMIC (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize selfless Granite Staters, helping our State cope with the deadly heroin epidemic. Last month, in Rochester, I visited Hope on Haven Hill. Kerry Norton and Colene Arnold founded the charity to help pregnant New Hampshire mothers recover from heroin addiction and improve the health of their newborns. Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome— newborn babies addicted to drugs—is growing at a fast rate as heroin abuse spreads across our country. There were over 27,000 NAS cases in 2014, up from 5,000 just a decade earlier. Babies with NAS suffer from painful withdrawal. Treatment centers like Hope on Haven Hill are helping to prevent the worst kind. Another place in Manchester, New Hampshire, Hope for New Hampshire Recovery, will also open. Melissa Crews and Dick Anagnost, cofounders of Hope 
for New Hampshire Recovery, are donating their time and energy to supply our State with more treatment options as Federal, State, and local governments develop better solutions. In Congress we created the bipartisan task force to combat the heroin epidemic to help develop these types of solutions, and I praise these individuals for their selflessness. 
HONORING MARGARET DUNLEAVY (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the career of an outstanding public servant in my district, Margaret Dunleavy. Mrs. Dunleavy retired at the end of 2015 after serving Livingston County as their clerk for 19 years. In her capacity as county clerk, Mrs. Dunleavy has been responsible for overseeing elections in the county as well as maintaining vital records and all circuit court records. She was first elected in 1996, and the voters of Livingston County chose her as their clerk in four additional elections. Her role as county clerk was not Mrs. Dunleavy’s first public service experience. She previously served as the Hartland Township, Michigan, clerk and deputy clerk. Mrs. Dunleavy will be remembered as a hardworking, professional, ethical, and highly qualified clerk. I am thankful to have had the opportunity to work with her, and I wish her all the best in her future retirement. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent such a dedicated public servant in Michigan’s Eighth District. Thank you, Mrs. Dunleavy, for your commitment to Livingston County. 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act. This important legislation prevents sanctions from being lifted from banks and individuals who are connected to terrorism or Iran’s weapons development program. We do not need to be rewarding bad actors that are helping Iran become a nuclear state and continue to be the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Recently Iran made headlines by conducting two ballistic missile tests, already violating the deal that the President forced on the American people earlier this year. Disappointingly, we have heard nothing from the administration. This is the same Iran who funnels money to Hezbollah to finance terrorist attacks and the same Iran who awards medals for the capture of U.S. soldiers. Despicable. It is abundantly clear that Iran is not to be trusted, and we must prevent rogue nations from becoming stronger. The administration needs to immediately reverse its course and hold those supporting terrorist efforts accountable. In the name of national security, I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in voting in favor of this crucial and timely piece of legislation. f 
HONORING JULIA AARON HUMBLES (Mr. RICHMOND asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a second to recognize a civil rights hero and New Orleans native who recently passed away: Julia Aaron Humbles. An active participant in the civil rights movement from an early age, she was selected to be on the first Freedom Ride bus at the age of 18, which was ultimately firebombed outside Anniston, Alabama. She wasn’t on that bus. She was, in fact, in Orleans Parish prison because she was arrested for picketing outside a segregated Woolworth’s department store. Julia was constantly testing the rules of segregation in New Orleans. She is quoted as saying: I was the kind of kid that would move up the colored sign on the buses. I would use the White restroom or water fountain. If I got caught, I would say flippantly that I just wanted to taste that White water, and then I would run. Julia passed away on January 26 in Stone Mountain, Georgia, of cancer. She was 72 years old. Our country is a much better place because of the sacrifices Julia made during her lifetime. Our sympathies and prayers are with her family today. 
EQUAL TREATMENT OF PUBLIC SERVANTS ACT, H.R. 711 (Mr. RATCLIFFE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to represent thousands of teachers, firefighters, and law enforcement officers across the Fourth District of Texas who have dedicated their careers to public service. As the son of two schoolteachers and as a former law enforcement official myself, I have a personal and deepfelt appreciation for those who shape future generations by educating our children and protecting the communities where we live. Right now there are nearly 900,000 of these public servants who are being unjustly denied their hardearned retirement benefits through an arbitrary formula called the windfall elimination provision, which can reduce their Social Security checks by up to $413 a month. That is why I have cosponsored and why I strongly support H.R. 711, the Equal Treatment of Public Servants Act, to reduce and to eliminate the windfall elimination provision. I urge my colleagues to take it up for a vote as soon as possible so that we can ensure that our public servants receive both the Social Security benefits and the pensions that they most certainly have earned. f 
CONGRATULATING DARYL VEATCH (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in admiration of a leader in Missouri’s Fourth District, Mr. Daryl Veatch. Daryl has served tirelessly to provide reliable light and energy to Missouri members of the Osage Valley Electric Cooperative, of which I am a lifelong member. After 43 years, Mr. Veatch has resigned his position as the general manager of Osage Valley in Butler, Missouri. His passion for excellence was seen throughout all of his work: from the beginning at Grundy Electric Cooperative, where he served as a clerk, to his tenure as the president of the Missouri Electric Cooperative Human Resources Association, the Accountants Association, and a member of the Public Relations Committee. This year Daryl was honored with the esteemed A.C. Burrows Award given by the Association of Missouri Electric Cooperatives for his leadership above and beyond the call of duty to strengthen and improve the economic and social conditions of his community. Part of going above and beyond for Daryl was being actively involved as a leader on the local Butler RV School Board, the area Chamber of Commerce, and his Rotary Club. Thank you for giving your life to the service of the citizens of Missouri’s Fourth District. I congratulate you on a job well done. I look forward to hearing of the continued impact you will have in and for our community. 
AN HOUR OF POWER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous materials relevant to the subject matter of this discussion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege for me to rise this evening as cochair, along with my distinguished colleague who represents the Eighth District of New York, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES , for this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, an hour of power, addressing the state of our Union, Dr. King’s dream, and today’s African American message. Congressman JEFFRIES is a scholar, a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee. He continues to be a tireless advocate for social and economic justice, working hard to reform our criminal justice system, improve the economy for hardworking Americans, and to make college more affordable for all. Most importantly, he is someone that I am proud to follow and he is my colleague. Today we come to educate and to discuss some of the many contributions and accomplishments in American history that African Americans etched into the cornerstone of this America, Mr. Speaker, that they helped change. The Congressional Black Caucus is and continues to be a part of that change. As we reflect on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., whose holiday we recently observed, thanks to our Congressional Black Caucus colleague, Congressman JOHN CONYERS , the dean, who worked tirelessly to have the day observed as a Federal holiday, we pause to reflect on our progress and our history not only to remember, but to acknowledge, our unfinished work. Congressional Black Caucus members and other colleagues with constituents across the country participated in holiday services, programs, marches, and many other events last week. This was not a day off, Mr. Speaker, but a day on in the spirit of Dr. King’s legacy. Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity to join some 4,000 constituents in my district in Columbus for the Nation’s largest Martin Luther King breakfast celebration. b1930 As I sat there, I was reminded of his words that we live by and that we are guided by: ‘‘Faith is taking the first step, even when you don’t see the whole staircase.’’ Later I had the opportunity to join hundreds of folks to march in freezing weather, singing ‘‘We Shall Overcome.’’ Today we also mark the beginning of the observation of Black History Month, to celebrate giants in civil rights, in the civil rights movement, as well as labor and education, transportation, the arts, and the service movement. As we reflect on Dr. King’s dream, just a few weeks ago President Barack Obama from this House floor, Mr. Speaker, delivered his final State of the Union Address. In his address, the President delivered a speech filled with hope and optimism, reminding us that we, the people—emphasizing all people—want opportunity and security for our families. It was a message of a better future, fairness, and democracy for all Americans because we rise or fall together, Mr. Speaker. President Obama continues to remind us that ours is a nation bounded by a common creed and that our American values of equality, fairness, and justice should be available to all, not just a fortunate few. Far too long people and communities of color continue to be left behind when we discuss equality, fairness, and justice. In the 48 years since his death, while we have made some strides in confronting injustices and ending unequal treatment, there is still work to be done. Our Nation is still plagued by the vestiges of segregation and unequal laws and policies, evident today in Flint, Michigan, and its lack of clean drinking water; in it being harder, not easier, to exercise the constitutional right to vote through voter disenfranchisement; Black men being killed in Ferguson, Baltimore, Chicago, and my State of Ohio; inequities in health care, poverty, and in our failing schools. But, Mr. Speaker, the time is now for us to work together to protect the most at risk among us, to defend the foundation of our democracy, and to expand opportunity for all people. However, Republican leadership fails to act and refuses to bring up Voting Rights Advancement Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation, for an upordown vote. Tonight, Mr. Speaker, we will hear from our Congressional Black Caucus colleagues on the state of our Union and where we go from here. I welcome the dialogue and the debate. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to Congresswoman BARBARA LEEfrom the 13th District of California. We know her as a fearless advocate, fighting to eliminate poverty. We know her as someone who has a history of representing not only the people of her district but the people of America. I have had the opportunity to witness this firsthand, as I serve on her committee when she fights to end the War on Poverty. It is my honor to ask Congresswoman BARBARA LEEto bring her message to us tonight. Ms. LEE. Let me first thank Congresswoman BEATTY for her very kind and humbling remarks, but also for her tremendous leadership on so many issues, not only since she has been here in Congress, but before she came representing her constituents, and really looking out for, speaking out for, and working for the most vulnerable in our society. I am really proud of what she is doing with the Congressional Black Caucus, also Congressman JEFFRIES for continuing to organize these important sessions really to beat the drum and to allow our country to understand what the issues are that the Congressional Black Caucus continues to work on because if, in fact, we address those issues, as you know, that the most vulnerable are dealing with each and every day, we will strengthen America, and so our country will be stronger. I thank both of them for making sure that we are doing that. We celebrate tonight the start of Black History Month, but I would like to reflect quickly again what we are doing tonight on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s dream of true democracy. In his famous speech, ‘‘I Have a Dream,’’ let me just quote here what he asked the American people to do. He said: ‘‘To make real the promises of democracy. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. ‘‘Now is the time to open the doors of opportunity to all God’s children. ‘‘Now is the time to lift our Nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood.’’ Of course and sisterhood. As I think about his powerful words going into Black History Month and his challenge for America to live up to her highest ideals, we must reflect on how far we have come and where we need to go. Now, of course, the right to vote is the bedrock of our democracy, which Dr. King reminded us of when he said: ‘‘Give us the ballot, and we will fill our legislative halls with men and women of goodwill.’’ In his honor, we must pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act, H.R. 2867, introduced by a great woman, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL . In 1967 Dr. King explained the underlying nature of the challenges facing our country in his book ‘‘Where Do We Go From Here: Chaos Or Community?’’ he talked about these triple evils. He wrote about poverty, racism, and war. He said they are the forms of violence that exist in a vicious cycle in our country. He says: ‘‘They are interrelated, allinclusive, and stand as barriers to our living in the beloved community. When we work to remedy one evil, we affect all evils.’’ So we must come together as never before to address these issues that infect our communities in order for our Nation to move beyond the quicksands of racial and economic injustice. Of course, the first of these evils is poverty, a harsh reality lived every day by more than 46 million Americans. Our Joint Economic Committee report, championed by Congresswoman MALONEYand the Congressional Black Caucus, demonstrated and showed that African Americans are disproportionately affected by the scourge of poverty. The poverty rate in our community is 27 percent. One in three African American kids live in poverty. One in five kids in the entire country live in poverty. Poverty rates throughout our country are much too high for everyone, and we know how to eliminate poverty. 
Our assistant leader, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, a great human being who has worked so hard to eliminate poverty for so many years has come up with a formula that would target resources to those rural and urban communities with the highest rates of persistent poverty. We have our Half in Ten Act, which establishes a national strategy to cut poverty in half over the next decade. That is more than 22 million Americans lifted into the middle class in just 10 years by coordinating local, State, and Federal antipoverty programs. Likewise, our Pathways Out of Poverty Act is a comprehensive antipoverty bill that starts by creating good paying jobs while redoubling our investments in proven programs that empower families to build pathways out of poverty into the middle class. Of course, Dr. King mentioned the second evil, which is racism. While racial barriers and biases are endemic through our society, they are very and most apparent in our broken criminal justice system. It is high time that we work to fix our criminal justice system that far too often fails African Americans. Yes, Black lives matter. So today in America, an African American is killed by a security officer, police officer, or selfproclaimed vigilante every 28 hours. That is nearly once a day. One in three Black men can plan to spend at least some part of their life behind bars, and men of color make up 70 percent of the U.S. prison population. Let me say that again. Seventy percent of the U.S. prison population are men of color. That is simply outrageous. Now, we have ended legal segregation. Our first African American President is serving his second term in the White House. Our Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, serves as our first African American female Attorney General. But so much must be done to achieve the dream of liberty and justice for all. Dr. King told us over and over again that we live in two Americas. This was in 1967, in one of his speeches. The Kerner Commission report still describes American society today. We have got to really look at our history and acknowledge and honor the legacy of those who really brought us this far. But when you look at the statistics and what is taking place now in communities of color and the African American community, it just shows us what we have to do. We have a long way to go. Dr. King finally spoke of war. He talked about the fact that our Nation continues to be involved in endless wars, and communities are suffering the costs. The Pentagon consumes 60 percent of discretionary spending compared to 11 percent that we spend on education, job creation, and resources to help our young people live the life that they so deserve in terms of being educated and providing workforce training, housing, health care, all the opportunities that are the American opportunities to allow us to live the American Dream. Congresswoman BEATTY and Congressman JEFFRIES , I just want to thank you for arranging the time for us to talk tonight. We have real solutions. You have real solutions. Every member of the Congressional Black Caucus has real solutions to end poverty, to end racism, and to end war. During Black History Month, we need to recommit ourselves to all of the solutions that members of the Congressional Black Caucus, and Members of this body as a whole, have if the political will were there so we can honor the legacy of those who came before us during Black History Month. By honoring them, we say we are going to pick up that mantle and really address these triple evils once and for all. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much, Congresswoman LEE, for reminding us of the work we have to do to strengthen our America and for giving us those facts that clearly point out the barriers that we have and also the disparities when you look at 70 percent of our men being incarcerated, yet we don’t make up 70 percent of the population. Thank you for reminding us of all the work and the words of Martin Luther King because you are so right. To sum it up in his words: injustice anywhere is an injustice everywhere. Thank you. We will continue that work. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to Congresswoman KAREN BASSfrom the 37th District of California. It is a great honor for me because she is certainly not only a leader, but an advocate domestically and globally for young girls. As a matter of fact, when I think of her work across this Nation in foster care, I call her the Sojourner Truth of foster care. When I think of her leadership, it is important for me to remind folks that she was the first African American female to be Speaker of the House of the great State of California. Today it is indeed my honor to yield to Congresswoman BASS. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman BEATTY . I want to congratulate her for her leadership that she has displayed since day one of coming to the House of Representatives, and knowing of her leadership in the State of Ohio, serving as the leader of the legislature in Ohio. I want to acknowledge my colleague HAKEEM JEFFRIES . I have always appreciated his leadership in the committees as well as his leadership within the House. I am glad that he is very much a part of our Caucus. I know our theme today is: ‘‘The State of Our Union: Have We Achieved Dr. King’s Dream?’’ I have to say that the state of our union is a mixed bag. Have we achieved Dr. King’s dream? As a nation, we haven’t, but if we look at the success of individuals, many individuals have achieved remarkable levels of success. While the success of individuals should rightfully be celebrated, until the richest nation on the planet in the history of the world has figured out how to address poverty, income inequality, and provide opportunity for everyone to succeed in our Nation, Dr. King’s dream is a dream deferred. Dr. King would have been so proud to have been at the inauguration of the first African American President, but he would have been horrified to see a man achieve that level of success, becoming the most powerful man in the world, and still be subjected to doubters who ask to see his birth certificate, questioning if he was actually an American, obviously code for ‘‘he might be the President, but he is still not one of us’’; asking to see his college transcripts, questioning if his academic success was legitimate. Dr. King would be horrified to learn the number of hate groups. White supremacist organizations exploded after the election of the first African American President of the United States. He would have been shocked to hear that leaders in our country actually publicly stated that they would do everything they could, including hurting the national economy, to ensure that the Nation’s first African American President did not serve a second term. b1945 Dr. King would have been overjoyed when this President was reelected to a second term, so that no one could say the first time was an aberration. Dr. King would have been so proud of the millions of people who withstood attempts to block their right to vote and to know that thousands were willing to stand for hours to make sure they voted and reelected President Obama. Dr. King would have celebrated the creation of a program to provide health coverage for the majority of people in the Nation. He would have celebrated the fact that this was accomplished in the first term of President Obama’s administration. Dr. King would have celebrated the fact that when the law was signed by President Obama, for the first time, insurance companies could no longer refuse to provide coverage for people if they had an illness or a preexisting condition. Just think for a minute. Prior to the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies excluded you from coverage if you had a preexisting condition. There were examples of babies born prematurely that were excluded from coverage because their premature birth and the associated complications were considered a preexisting condition. And, frankly, almost everyone after a certain age has one preexisting condition or another—hypertension, high cholesterol, et cetera. Prior to passage of healthcare reform, aging, essentially, was a reason to exclude individuals from coverage. While Dr. King would have celebrated this victory, he would have been 
shocked to know Congress has voted over 60 times to take health care away from people and to reverse this advance. If the Affordable Care Act was repealed, then the parents of the premature baby and the adult over 60 with high blood pressure would not have health care. On another subject, Dr. King would wonder: How on Earth did his country end up incarcerating more people than any other nation in the world? And how is it that the majority of people incarcerated in the United States are poor and are people of color? As a man of faith, as a teacher of the Bible, he would wonder what happened to the concept of redemption in our society. How did we become a society that punished people forever? What happened to the belief that, if you offended society and then paid your debt to society, you were expected and accepted to reenter society with your full rights? How did we evolve into a nation that basically said we will punish you for your entire life? Because even though 85 percent of people incarcerated are eventually released, we can strip away your right to vote. You cannot live in public housing; and if your family lives in public housing, then you can’t go home. If you were in prison and you owed child support, well, we just kept the clock running on what you owed even though you were in prison and, of course, could not work to pay child support. You owed the money anyway. And, of course, when you were released, you are then behind in child support. And because you are behind because you could not work while incarcerated, we will not give you a driver’s license. And if you are from Los Angeles and cannot drive, you can forget about having a decentpaying job, because those jobs certainly don’t exist in your neighborhood. Furthermore, if you don’t find a job, we just might violate your parole and put you back in prison, because a condition of your parole is that you have a job. But then, since you are a felon, we will not allow you to work anyway. In California, until we changed the law, there were 56 occupations you could not participate in if you were a felon. One of those occupations we even trained you for while you were in prison. We have a school that trains prisoners to be barbers. But when you were released, we didn’t allow exoffenders to have a license in the very occupation we trained you for—until we changed the law. I think Dr. King would be thoroughly confused by the contradictions he would see in America today. We have amazingly successful individuals, thousands of African Americans and other people of color in elected office or in other major positions of authority. They are CEOs of companies, astronauts, athletes, college presidents, entertainers on every level, actors, producers, directors. In every area in society, there are successful individuals. There are 48 African American Members of Congress. The year before his death, there were only five African Americans in Congress. But Dr. King would wonder what is holding our Nation back from making sure every American has access to the American Dream. With all the technological advances, advances in science and education, how can it be that people are hungry in America, that too many children continue to go to poor, segregated schools, and that there are homeless encampments that exist in most major cities? Although his dream for our Nation is only partially realized, I believe now it is our responsibility to continue the work and to continue the struggle until there is no such thing as homelessness in the richest nation on the planet, until all children have access to a 21st century education, until poverty is eliminated and the safety net is strong enough that no one in our Nation slips through the cracks. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, thank you again to Congresswoman KAREN  BASSfor reminding us of all the great riches that we have in this society, but also for putting on the forefront that our work is not finished. There is hope. Because we have learned that through having a President who stands on the shoulders of another great man—Martin Luther King. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my honor and privilege to yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), who hails from the Second District of Louisiana. He is someone who is fearless and not afraid to speak up, but he doesn’t speak in vain. He speaks with a platform—whether that platform is to discuss reforming our broken prison system, whether it is to talk about HBCUs, or whether it is to be a role model—and he knows a lot about that because he is a natural leader. When he took office in the State legislature, he was one of the youngest legislators to ever serve. So it is indeed my honor to call Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND a colleague and friend. Mr. RICHMOND. I want to thank the gentlelady and scholar for yielding to me and putting on this series tonight. Mr. Speaker, just a few weeks ago, on January 12, right here in this Chamber, President Obama proudly declared to the citizens of the United States that the state of our Union is strong. With that, I agree. However, tonight, just as I did in New Orleans on this holiday, I must stand here and give the state of the dream address. So, today, I stand in this Chamber and report to the world that the state of the dream is in disrepair. It is in disrepair because of neglect by some and intentional harms by others. Let me first just state what I believe his dream to be. This is in his own words. In accepting the Nobel Peace Prize, Dr. King said: ‘‘I have the audacity to believe that peoples everywhere can have three meals a day for their bodies, education and culture for their minds, and dignity, equality, and freedom for their spirits.’’ So why do I say that dream is in disrepair? Well, inadequate funding and misguided policies stand as a bar to many kids of color from getting a quality education, just like Bull Connor stood in the schoolhouse doors during the civil rights movement. Why do I say the dream is in disrepair? Because too many African American children have better access to guns and drugs than textbooks and computers. Far too many of them choose guns and drugs. Why do I say the dream is in disrepair? Because the Supreme Court rolled back the protections for minority voting rights. Why do I say the dream is in disrepair? Because in a Supreme Court hearing on minority admission policies to colleges and universities, one of our Supreme Court Justices demonstrated his bias, his ignorance, and his lack of understanding by trying to justify why Blacks should go to lesser colleges and universities. Why is the dream in disrepair? Because the Black Supreme Court Justice sat there and said nothing. Well, if I were in college and I were playing Spades, I would call him a ‘‘possible,’’ because you can’t count on him to hold up when the game starts. Why do I also say the dream is in disrepair? Because big Wall Street executives can steel millions and never get charged and held accountable while young Black kids who shoplift get prosecuted and fill up our jails and our prisons and create what we call the prison industrial enterprise. Some ask: Why do the poor and uneducated continue to steal and cheat? Well, the answer is simple: Because the rich and educated keep showing them how. So, as we stand here this month and celebrate Black History Month, we will not only describe some of the problems, but we will go into some of the solutions that have been tested over time. Let me just say that Dr. King and the generation before us did a great job of making this dream a reality through sacrifice, hard work, and commitment, but somewhere in my generation, we fell off from that sacrifice and determination. Far too many of us are letting reality shows and music videos give our children their misguided sense of morals. Too many of our African American and White middleclass families who have achieved the dream are excited that they are there, but they are telling the rest of the world to get it the best they can. The dream can be realized when everyone realizes that you are not going to help minority communities in spite of the minority communities, but we are going to bring them to the table and let them be a coparticipant in drafting their accomplishments. 
So, where do we go from here? We continue to invest in proven leaders and proven ways out of poverty and ways to get ahead, like education. We have to invest in the Pell grants and our Historically Black Colleges and Universities because we know that education is the best way out of poverty. We have to invest in summer jobs so that kids in urban areas and impoverished communities can get exposure to a different way of life so that they can help themselves. We know that a summer job reduces the dropout rate by 50 percent. What else can we do? We can invest in job training. We can invest in disadvantaged businesses. We can do a number of things. And the good part about it is we have a Congressional Black Caucus that can stand here and introduce legislation if the other side would meet us halfway. So, the state of our union will continue to be strong. The state of the dream will become a reality when people join hands together to make sure that the least of us have every opportunity in the world. I will tell you that the dream was strong. The dream is the same dream that allowed my mother, who is from the poorest place in the country, 1 of 15 children, to achieve her college degree and raise two sons who went off to Morehouse. So the dream is real when I, as the son of a single mother, can go to Morehouse, Tulane Law School, and the Harvard School of Government. That is the dream. So I stand here today and just ask that we do what Booker T. Washington said. We may be as separate as our fingers, but we are as whole as the hand. This body has an obligation to come together as the hand and make sure that we give every kid from every place in this country the opportunity to succeed. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Congressman RICHMOND for reminding us that you bring hope. Your experience shows that there is opportunity. Because certainly, we know that there are fewer Black students graduating from high school. Sixteen percent of Blacks drop out, compared to 8 percent of our White counterparts. Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 30 minutes remaining. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to my colleague from the 10th District of New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). He is someone who is a great example of a committed public servant. He is someone who puts others before himself. When you want to call on him, he is someone that will sit and quietly listen to you, and then a few minutes later he will give you probably one of the most profound answers that one could look for. I am proud to not only call him my colleague, but I am also proud to call him my classmate. It is my honor to ask Congressman DONALD PAYNE to bring his reflections. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking my classmates, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY and Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES , for anchoring these important Special Order hours for the Congressional Black Caucus. Since her arrival here in Congress, Congresswoman BEATTY has demonstrated why she was a leader in Ohio, and she has become a great leader in the House of Representatives. b2000 Mr. Speaker, Dr. King envisioned for this Nation a future of vast potential, a future where every man and woman and child would have the opportunity to get ahead, free from the constraints of injustice and intolerance. What we see happening across our country shows how far we still have to go to achieve Dr. King’s dream. From gun violence to racial wealth gaps, from lack of diversity to persistent poverty, there are still critical issues affecting our communities that must be addressed. In 2015, there were at least 76 gun deaths in my district in New Jersey, the Tenth Congressional District. One third of all the gun deaths in New Jersey last year happened in my district. If we don’t do something to tackle this epidemic, then we are failing our children. We are failing the next generation, to give them the hope and the possibilities of being a positive part of this community, such as we saw in Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND . In my district, African Americans face unemployment rates nearly triple that of White workers. Generations of African American workers are being left behind, without a fair shot at success. The economic prosperity and the American Dream are on hold for many African American communities. Instead of working to address these challenges facing our communities, Republicans continue their assault on women’s health by trying to defund Planned Parenthood. On the other hand, Democrats are working on bold, aggressive action that will have an immediate impact on the challenges facing African Americans. I have tried to do my part here in Congress. My Safer Neighborhoods Gun Buyback Act would create a voluntary Federal gun buyback program to keep guns out of the wrong hands. That is just one measure that we have to look at. But in talking about Dr. King’s dream, it reminds me of A Tale of Two Cities. This is the best of times and the worst of times. Yes, we have seen an African American rise to the pinnacle of success in this country in public service in President Barack Obama. Dr. King would be very proud of that. But he would be upset to see the other part, the despair that our communities are in without the opportunities to raise their children as other communities do. Dr. King was about equal opportunity for every man and woman. He discussed problems in Appalachia, he discussed problems in the South, and he discussed problems in the North. So, yes, his main focus was the African American community. But injustice somewhere is injustice anywhere, and he lived that motto. He would be happy for some reasons, but in other areas he would be very disappointed. So it is our job to continue to push towards that dream, and we here in the Congressional Black Caucus are committed to pushing forward to see his dream realized. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Congressman PAYNE , for bringing us those words of wisdom and reminding us of the epidemics that face us, the failures that we have experienced, but leaving us with the hope of pushing forward and helping to realize Martin Luther King’s dream. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my honor now to yield to the freshman of our group, someone who may be a freshman by our description, but someone who is not a stranger. Whether it is advocating for jobs for veterans, whether it is looking at economic development and opportunities for those who are in struggling economies, she comes to us as a lawyer, she comes to us as a mother and a public servant. She is someone who stands tall in her words of wisdom and someone’s voice that we have learned to listen to. She hails to us as the Delegate from the Virgin Islands. Join me in welcoming Congresswoman STACY  PLASKETT for her words of wisdom. Ms. PLASKETT. Thank you so much for allowing me this opportunity to be here with my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I am so humbled and honored to be with the gentlewoman from Ohio, JOYCE BEATTY , who is an example to us freshmen and who fights, along with the gentleman of New York, HAKEEM JEFFRIES , not just for the people of their district and not just for African Americans, but for all Americans, because that is what we are all here in this Congress to do. By pointing out the inequalities, it is not to cast aspersions on all of America, but to make us to be better people than what we are today. When Dr. King so eloquently delivered his famous ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech 50 years ago, he did so with every hope and expectation that that Nation would rise up and live out the true meaning of that creed. He hoped that the tenet all men are created equal would, in fact, one day be a truth held selfevident. We cannot allow simply moving past the glaring bigotries of Jim Crow, however, to be a benchmark for success. Doing so would ignore the more subtle bigotries that continue today. These subtle bigotries are, in fact, as deeply rooted and extreme in their effect as those glaring bigotries Dr. King and so many others fought vigorously and valiantly to overcome. 
We are still achieving the dream. Today it is not just social injustice, but also extreme inequality that constrains economic mobility for the African American community and, therefore, for all of America. Whether it is Statesanctioned attempts to roll back voting rights in Alabama, the outright denial of equal voting rights to citizens living in the Virgin Islands and other territories, or the years of neglect that have led to the poisoning of residents in Flint, Michigan, the persistent wealth and opportunity divide in this country is rooted in the legacy of racial discrimination dating back to Reconstruction and to slavery, indeed. Although we have achieved much since the days of separate, but equal, there are still structural barriers to achieving the American Dream for too many minority families in this country. There is racial disparity in nearly every index of the American Dream, and those disparities place families of color further behind in their plight to achieving the dream. A recent study by the Corporation for Enterprise Development shows that families of color are two times more likely to live below the Federal poverty level, almost two times more likely to lack liquid savings, and are significantly more likely to have subprime credit scores. A lack of liquid savings among families of color often lends to further disparity and wealth loss, as evidenced by the proportion of student debt by race and ethnicity. African American college students rely more on student loans to pay for college than do other racial groups and are less likely to pay off the debt, according to a report by the Wisconsin HOPE Lab. While unemployment in this country has fallen to 5 percent, African American communities like my home district of the U.S. Virgin Islands continue to experience doubledigit unemployment rates. Many of these communities of color have experienced decades of systematic divestment of funding and resources that can only serve to widen the wealth and opportunity gap. That is benign neglect, a benign neglect that has led to failing public and alternative education systems, crumbling infrastructure, and, in some cases, the slide to bankruptcy, bankruptcy not just due to mismanagement and corruption, which is the convenient answer, but a systematic lack of investment, support, and adequate funding, which causes places like Detroit, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands to mortgage their children’s futures in bonds to make ends meet. African Americans make up 13 percent of the population, but have only 2.7 percent of total wealth. This Congress has within its power to reverse the years of benign neglect to these communities through supporting legislation to invest in infrastructure and education through fighting against voter suppression efforts and supporting student loans and other finance reforms. Closing the wealth and opportunity gap should not be a dream in postracial America. It is the responsibility of this Congress to uphold the principles to which we were founded, to not only adhere to those powerful words that preamble our Constitution, but also to provide for the general welfare and ensure that justice, liberty, and prosperity are afforded to all and not just some. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands. Let me just say thank you for making us have a better understanding that we cannot do this alone and we have so much more work to do. Mr. Speaker, tonight’s Special Orders hour hopefully will share with this institution the amount of work that we have yet to do. But I believe in hope and opportunity for all. So when I listen to the great legacy that those who have come before us, whether that is Dr. Martin Luther King, whether that is Rosa Parks, we have members of this Congressional Black Caucus who stand united to provide opportunities for all. We are often referred to as the conscience of the Congress. There is a reason for that: Because we are the voice of the voiceless. And when I think of voices, I think of my coanchor. I think of a man who came as my classmate, someone stellar, someone who is a scholar and a profound lawyer, someone who stands tall in stature and in his words, someone that I actually enjoy sitting and listening to as he so often brings the message. It is my honor to yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) to talk to us about the state of our union, Dr. King’s dream, and African Americans in this great Nation. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio, Representative BEATTY , my good friend, for those very kind words and, of course, for her tremendous leadership in anchoring and shepherding us here this evening in the same manner that she has done since her arrival here in the House of Representatives, always eloquent, erudite, and effervescent. We appreciate that unique and tremendous combination of skill and ability that you bring to the people that you represent so ably in Columbus, Ohio, and, of course, really, on behalf of America as you stand here anchoring this Congressional Black Caucus Special Orders hour. I look forward to continuing to work together throughout the year as we endeavor to speak truth to power here on the floor of the House of Representatives and articulate issues of significance and importance to African Americans in the United States of America and to all of America. Earlier today I made the observation that this is the first day of Black History Month. Essentially, black history is American history. The two are forever intertwined. That is why the subject matter of this special order is of particular importance. Dr. King once made the observation that the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. b2015 I think what Dr. King was saying is that in this world you have got some good folks and you have got some bad actors. But in order for justice to prevail, what you essentially need is a fair amount of the good folks to come together, sacrifice, work hard, and dedicate themselves to the cause of social change, and at the end of the day justice will prevail. Make no mistake that in the United States of America, of course, it has been a long and complicated march. We certainly have come a long way, but we still have a long way to go. During the founding of the Republic back in 1776, in the DNA of this great country was embedded the principles of liberty and justice for all. It was a great document and a great start. Embedded in the DNA of this country was fairness, equality, and opportunity for everyone. But there was a genetic defect called chattel slavery that was also attendant to our birth. If you are going to have any discussion about where we are in America today, you have got to recognize there was a genetic defect that has impacted the arc of the African American community here in America and the American story, and that genetic defect of chattel slavery stayed with us, of course, until the war ended in 1865. Millions of African American slaves were subjugated. It was one of the worst crimes ever perpetrated in the history of humanity. It finally ended in 1865 with the adoption of the 13th Amendment. Of course, we know that the 14th Amendment and the 15th Amendment followed, equal protection under the law for everyone, 14th Amendment, and the 15th Amendment was designed to guarantee the right to vote. The so called Reconstruction period lasted until the middle of the 1870s, but it was largely abandoned thereafter. The African Americans, of course, were given a raw, bad deal. How can you cure the genetic defect of chattel slavery with three constitutional amendments without ever really forcefully implementing them and within a decade or so abandoning the principles inherent in those constitutional amendments? In place we received the Black Codes, Jim Crow, segregation, and an intense lynching campaign unleashed on African Americans in the South, in the Midwest, in the far West, and other parts of the United States of America. So we went from chattel slavery, a brief period of Reconstruction, then you give us Jim Crow. So we dealt with Jim Crow which was at least in principle abolished on paper 
when the Supreme Court makes the decision in Brown v. Board of Education that separate but equal was just a farce. It was a joke. It wasn’t real. So the Supreme Court exposes that, but then says, go ahead and implement it with all deliberate speed. Which basically meant don’t really implement it with any urgency, any immediacy, any impactful fashion, just take your time and do it at your own pace. So as we are trying to deal with Jim Crow, then you have, of course, Dr. King and leaders of the civil rights movement, JOHN LEWIS, whom Congresswoman BEATTY and I are so privileged to serve with, A. Philip Randolph, Roy Wilkins, James Farmer, and so many others. The civil rights movement deals with the lingering effects of our original genetic defect of chattel slavery replaced by Jim Crow. Then in the 1960s, we get the 1964 Civil Rights Act, the 1965 Voting Rights Act, the 1968 Fair Housing Act, Lyndon Johnson’s War on Poverty, and efforts to try to finally correct the injustices that have been race based here in America. Like Reconstruction, which lasted for a little over a decade, we get this period of dramatic social change, mainly in the early and mid 1960s that is quickly abandoned and taken advantage of by Richard Nixon in 1968 with the Southern strategy White backlash, particularly in the Deep South, compounded in 1971 when President Richard Nixon makes the statement that drug abuse is public enemy number one. Essentially, the War on Drugs ushered in an era of mass incarceration. When President Nixon made that statement, there were less than 350,000 people incarcerated in America. Today, 40plus years later, after the War on Drugs, so called, was started, 2.3 million people, more than 1 million African American men, disproportionately and adversely impacting communities of color and as has been mentioned earlier, incarcerate more people in America than any other country in the world, a country where we overincarcerate and under educate. We have made a lot of progress in America. African Americans as a collective community really haven’t been given any room to breathe because we have gone from chattel slavery—the original birth defect in this great Republic—to Jim Crow, to mass incarceration with brief periods of Reconstruction and civil rights era mixed in between. And you wonder why we are in the situation that we are in right now. We have made a lot of progress. Obviously the fact that Barack Obama is sitting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is a significant development, but as Dr. King says, he talked about an arc, which means that similar to what Abraham Lincoln once said, that we have to continue a march toward a more perfect Union, the Congressional Black Caucus with leadership from dynamic representatives like JOYCE  BEATTY , have put forth a series of things to benefit not just the African American community, but all communities, to help bring the promise of American democracy to life. With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back to my good friend, Representative BEATTY . Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much to my colleague. As I stood here and I listened to you walk us through that rich history, it reminded me of all of the bad actors that caused many of those bad things. I reflect on someone in my family being a part of that chattel slavery as a slave, I think about Jim Crow, and I think about the things that my grandmother was asked to do when she had walked far just to try to vote and was asked to recite things that probably the people asking her could not have done. Then when I think about all of those social reforms and all the things that happened 50 and 55 years ago, it made me think, Congressman JEFFRIES , when we think about Martin Luther King and his dream, so often people say, ‘‘What would he think today?’’ But I guess for me the question is a little different that I would like to discuss with you. Do you think history is repeating itself? As I listened to you talk about slavery, and today when I go into some parts of my community with the War on Drugs I have had Black men say to me that they feel like they are living during a time of slavery. When I talk to young, single moms who are fighting for their own existence or to feed their children, they feel that they are held captive by poverty. So are we looking at still bad actors, bad actors in the Chambers that I stand in, bad actors who want to take away SNAP, bad actors who don’t want to give us a voting rights bill, bad actors that don’t want to ban the box? What do you think? Are we seeing history repeat itself? Mr. JEFFRIES. It is a great question. Unfortunately sort of the arc of history here in this great country of ours is that whenever progress has been made it has been followed by a backlash. Progress was made with the Reconstruction amendments. It was followed by a backlash that gave us Jim Crow, the Black Codes, and an explosion of lynching in the South. Progress, of course, was made in the 1960s with the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act, the Fair Housing Act immediately followed by Richard Nixon’s Southern strategy, and a backlash against things like affirmative action which had barely been put into motion and a rollback of the War on Poverty which was designed to help African Americans and all Americans of every race. Then, of course, many thought that we perhaps had reached a postracial America in the aftermath of the election of President Barack Obama, but we know, of course, that that is not the case sadly. I am hopeful, however, that many of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, Conservatives and Progressives who have come together, folks like RAUL LABRADOR , T REY GOWDY , and JASON CHAFFETZ —good friends of mine on the other side of the aisle—recognize the importance of dealing with mass incarceration for America. Here are a few statistics that I think we need to be concerned about as it relates to your question. African Americans serve virtually as much time in prison for a nonviolent drug offense, approximately 58 months, as White Americans do for a violent criminal offense, 62 months. Whites in America statistically use drugs five times as often as African Americans, yet African Americans are sent to prison for drug offenses at 10 times the rate of White Americans. Lastly, African Americans represent 83 percent of crack cocaine Federal defendants, but only 28 percent of users— 83 percent are defendants, 28 percent are users; whereas, White Americans represent 5.8 percent of Federal defendants but 62 percent of users. Something is wrong. Justice is not colorblind in America. So hopefully we will find the ability to come together to deal with the overall broken criminal justice system and certainly as part of that rectify some of the racial disparities that exist. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much. Let me just end by saying, Mr. Speaker, what you have witnessed tonight is that our past that we have talked about is our experience, our present is our responsibility, and our future is our hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King’s vision of ending inequality through providing jobs, justice, and peace to all Americans is a vision that many have fought and died to make a reality. As the Civil Rights Movement battled against discrimination and inequality in the 1960’s, I adopted Dr. King’s vision of jobs, justice, and peace when I ran for Congress in 1964. I remember the Jim Crow era, poll taxes, and institutionalized segregation when I arrived in Congress. Yet, for all of these institutional scars and discriminatory impediments, the work we did in Congress aided in fulfilling the promises of equality enshrined in our Constitution. After a historic effort, the Civil Rights Act was passed, the Voting Rights Act was adopted, and a new era of federal protections around equality was ushered in the 20th Century. Some fifty years later, this era has yet to be fully realized. While the initial challenges of recognizing and upholding civil rights have been met, many of the original problems persist, but in an evolved form. Fifty plus years later, the American people confront issues of voter suppression, gender and sexual orientation discrimination. Many communities feel under siege from those sworn to protect their liberty. Hate crimes and religious intolerance are on the rise as reported nightly on the 
news. And women contend with a pay inequity hampering their standing with men in the workplace. In spite of all of these shortcomings, strides have been made: reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act in 2006; the passage of legislation expanding access to healthcare; the introduction of legislation combating voter caging and deceptive practices, and the passage of the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, signed into law by the first AfricanAmerican President of the United States, himself emblematic of civil rights progress. These issues were all, at one point in time, deemed radical. Women’s suffrage, racial equality, and now gay and lesbian rights: for each, the civil rights movement has expanded until true justice is achieved. Many problems persist and more are certain to arrive, but through renewed determination to tackle these deepseated problems, we can one day live up to the beloved community envision by Dr. King. While our struggle for equality stems from being afforded the basic human rights associated with a free society, the ideal of achieving economic justice, with employment for all who seek it, remains out of reach for many. The aftermath of the financial crisis has brought crippling unemployment, wage stagnation, and rising income inequality. Yet, the Great Recession has only exacerbated a decadeslong decline in the fortunes of the working and middle classes. As finances continue to deteriorate, basic social and public services have often been the first to go. In the realm of healthcare, a basic safety net was only recently afforded to the underserved in the United States with passage of the Affordable Care Act, yet millions of lowincome and unemployed individuals remain uninsured. Housing remains a continued blight, as massforeclosures following the aftermath of the Great Recession tear apart communities and destabilizes families. Even after fifty years of promoting Dr. King’s cause for peace, our country is enmeshed in gun violence, which tragically produced the shootings in Newtown, Aurora, Tucson, and Wisconsin, and daily on the streets of America’s most populated cities. These horrific occurrences are unacceptable for our nation, which is why catapulting peace to the forefront of our nation’s agenda will save lives and protect our most vital right under the Constitution: life. I am hopeful that by strengthening our gun laws we can remove military style weapons out of our communities, prohibit the sale of deadly gun clips, and close loopholes on the sale of guns. Our rate of incarceration and length of sentences are unjust and unsustainable. The United States incarcerates 25 percent of the world’s prisoners, while we have only five percent of the world’s population. And we disproportionately prosecute and incarcerate African Americans more than any other race. This is the result of what President Obama has called a ‘‘huge explosion’’ in our incarceration rates, with 500,000 people imprisoned in America in 1980 growing to 2.2 million today. We must change our prosecution policies and sentencing laws to address this crisis, and I am working with my colleagues to do that. The profiling of racial and religious minorities is also a terrible reality that threatens peace in our nation. Profiling is an archaic form of discrimination that subjects individuals to criminal indictments or investigations based on their race or religion. Although profiling cannot be found in any form of written law, the practice is real in America and threatens the trust and peace that is essential in the relationship between citizens and their law enforcement. Our nation’s leaders can work to pass legislation, such as the End Racial Profiling Act, to prohibit this practice in any law enforcement agency and the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act to provide real standards for the operation of police departments. As we press forward to address inequality in the 21st Century, the outstanding question is whether or not Congress will rise to tackle these issues. The American people have already witnessed how politics can transform our legislative body into a body producing nothing but dysfunction. However, the erosion of Congress’s focus on protecting civil rights and civil liberties can be reversed. This Congress has the opportunity to answer these present injustices by assuming the unwavering commitment to jobs, justice, and peace that was displayed so valiantly by Dr. Martin Luther King. Ending inequality in America is a battle that can be won, and although the enemy is still the same, our approach in the 21st century must not lack the strength and courage of those who have fought so bravely before us. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this February we recognize and celebrate the 39th commemoration of Black History Month. This month we celebrate the contributions of African Americans to the history of our great nation, and pay tribute to trailblazers, pioneers, heroes, and leaders like Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, U.S. Senator Blanche Kelso Bruce, U.S. Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland, Astronauts Dr. Guion Stewart Bluford Jr. and Mae C. Jemison, Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, James Baldwin, Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks just to name a few of the countless number of wellknown and unsung heroes whose contributions have helped our nation become a more perfect union. The history of the United States has been marked by the great contributions of African American activists, leaders, writers, and artists. As a member of Congress, I know that I stand on the shoulders of giants whose struggles and triumphs made it possible for me to stand here today and continue the fight for equality, justice, and progress for all, regardless of race, religion, gender or sexual orientation. The greatest of these giants to me are Mrs. Ivalita ‘‘Ivy’’ Jackson, a vocational nurse, and Mr. Ezra A. Jackson, one of the first African Americans to succeed in the comic book publishing business. They were my beloved parents and they taught me the value of education, hard work, discipline, perseverance, and caring for others. And I am continually inspired by Dr. Elwyn Lee, my husband and the first tenured African American law professor at the University of Houston. Mr. Speaker, I particularly wish to acknowledge the contributions of African American veterans in defending from foreign aggressors and who by their courageous examples helped transform our nation from a segregated society to a nation committed to the never ending challenge of perfecting our union. Last year about this time, I was honored to join my colleagues, Congressmen JOHN LEWIS and Congressman CHARLES RANGEL , a Korean War veteran, in paying tribute to surviving members of the Tuskegee Airmen and the 555th Parachute Infantry, the famed ‘‘Triple Nickels’’ at a moving ceremony sponsored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. The success of the Tuskegee Airmen in escorting bombers during World War II—achieving one of the lowest loss records of all the escort fighter groups, and being in constant demand for their services by the allied bomber units—is a record unmatched by any other fighter group. So impressive and astounding were the feats of the Tuskegee Airmen that in 1948 they persuaded President Harry Truman to issue his famous Executive Order No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment and opportunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the end of racial segregation in the U.S. military forces. It is a source of enormous and enduring pride that my fatherinlaw, Phillip Ferguson Lee, was one of the Tuskegee Airmen. Clearly, what began as an experiment to determine whether ‘‘colored’’ soldiers were capable of operating expensive and complex combat aircraft ended as an unqualified success based on the experience of the Tuskegee Airmen, whose record included 261 aircraft destroyed, 148 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties and 1,578 missions over Italy and North Africa. They also destroyed or damaged over 950 units of ground transportation and escorted more than 200 bombing missions. They proved that ‘‘the antidote to racism is excellence in performance,’’ as retired Lt. Col. Herbert Carter once remarked. Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is also a time to remember many pioneering women like U.S. Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm; activists Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks; astronaut Mae C. Jemison; authors Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks; all of whom have each in their own way, whether through courageous activism, cultural contributions, or artistic creativity, forged social and political change, and forever changed our great Nation for the better. It is also fitting, Mr. Speaker, that in addition to those national leaders whose contributions 
have made our nation better, we honor also those who have and are making a difference in their local communities. In my home city of Houston, there are numerous great men and women. They are great because they have heeded the counsel of Dr. King who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By that measure, I wish to pay tribute to some of the great men and women of Houston: 1. Rev. F.N. Williams, Sr. 2. Rev. Dr. S.J. Gilbert, Sr. 3. Rev. Crawford W. Kimble 4. Rev. Eldridge Stanley Branch 5. Rev. William A. Lawson 6. Rev. Johnnie Jeffery ‘‘J.J.’’ Robeson 7. Mr. El Franco Lee 8. Mr. John Brand 9. Ms. Ruby Moseley 10. Ms. Dorothy Hubbard 11. Ms. Doris Hubbard 12. Ms. Willie Bell Boone 13. Ms. Holly HogoBrooks 14. Mr. Deloyd Parker 15. Ms. Lenora ‘‘Doll’’ Carter As we celebrate Black History Month, let us pay tribute to those who have come before us, and pay forward to future generations by addressing what is the number one issue for African American families, and all American families today: preserving the American promise of economic opportunity for all. Our immediate focus must be job creation, and enacting legislation that will foster and lay the foundation for today’s and tomorrow’s generation of groundbreaking activists, leaders, scientists, writers and artists to continue contributing to the greatness of America. We must work to get Americans back to work. We must continue to preserve the American Dream for all. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here in celebration of the heroic and historic acts of African Americans and their indispensable contributions to this great Nation. It is through our work in creating possibilities for today and future generations that we best honor the accomplishments and legacy of our predecessors. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when President Barack Obama delivered his final State of the Union address last month, he highlighted the resilience and determination of the American people. The President touted notable achievements in scientific advancement, greater transparency throughout our political system, and a stronger and more equitable economy as evidence pointing to the strength of our Nation. For context, in the final month of President George W. Bush’s presidency, the economy was in free fall. The private sector lost nearly 820,000 jobs in the final month of President Bush’s presidency alone and unemployment peaked at around 10 percent in the midst of the Great Recession. Today, the economy has added 14.1 million jobs over 70 consecutive months of privatesector job growth, household wealth has increased by more than $30 trillion, and average home prices have recovered to prerecession levels under President Obama’s Administration. However, economic indicators are not the only method for determining the true state of our union. As we celebrate Black History Month in February, it is timely to consider how other great leaders from our past would perceive the state of our union today. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. is one such leader who envisioned a greater future for our Nation in the face of unspeakable discrimination and intolerance. In his famous ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech delivered at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., Dr. King laid out his vision of our country where all men are created equal and where freedom must ring if America is to be a great nation. Today, those principles ring true. We have made great progress as a nation to move away from the darkest moments of our past. Yet, there is still much work to be done. We have witnessed continued efforts to disenfranchise select groups of voters by gutting the Voting Rights Act and persistent racial tension between law enforcement and the communities they are sworn to protect. It is a constant struggle that afflicts communities all across the United States and suggests that more work needs to be done if we are to achieve Dr. King’s dream. Mr. Speaker, the freedoms we enjoy in the United States are not absolute. The principles and values that define our Nation are constantly challenged and everevolving. Dr. King had a distinct vision for the future of our Nation and his legacy can help guide our decisions moving into the future so that we can avoid making the same mistakes of our past. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, each February our nation takes time to reflect on the countless contributions African Americans have made to this country’s history. We celebrate innovators like Ohio District 11’s own Langston Hughes, pioneers like astronaut Mae Jamison, as well as political and civil rights leaders like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Black History Month represents inclusion and innovation. It promotes America at its best. For in this month, we appreciate our collective strength and recognize the diversity of each and every patriot. America is a country of immigrants, and our power lies in our differences. To quote Dr. King, ‘‘We may have all come on different ships, but we’re in the same boat now.’’ No matter how we arrived, every American should have access to the same opportunity. Every individual should be able to reach his or her own potential and succeed in the home of the free and the land of the brave. Unfortunately, many do not have equitable access to opportunity. This is why the Congressional Black Caucus stands today. Despite the contributions and sacrifice of African Americans, many still suffer from the effects of historic injustice and prejudice. We are almost three times more likely to live in poverty than Whites, and six times more likely to be put in jail. Our unemployment rate is nearly two times the rates of Whites. When we do find work, we make less than our White counterparts. As Black America reflects on its current situation, many tend to ask questions such as, ‘‘What would Dr. King do?’’ or ‘‘How would the civil rights leaders of the past address the issues of the present?’’ If Dr. King was alive today, I believe he would certainly be proud of who we are. But he would also say that we must commit ourselves to moving forward together as one people and one nation. It is time we ‘‘fix our politics.’’ Not just in Washington, but everywhere. As President Barack Obama stated recently, ‘‘We are in a time of extraordinary change.’’ The Members of this House have the opportunity to pass policies that reverse years of bigotry and injustice and level the playing field for all. This Black History Month, I urge my Congressional colleagues to celebrate through legislative action. Develop a new formula to ensure the right to vote for all Americans. Reauthorize the Higher Education Act to help more kids go to college. Combat harsh sentencing through criminal justice reform. These actions won’t just honor a race of people. They will further the hope and success of an entire nation. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and February 2 on account of a family emergency. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business. 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER EXPERTS 
ADJOURNMENT Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, February 2, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3382. A bill to amend the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act to enhance recreational opportunities, environmental restoration activities, and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–404, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 677. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual costofliving adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain serviceconnected disabled veterans’ with an amendment (Rept. 114–405). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2187. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its regulations regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited investors; with an amendment (Rept. 114–406). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2209. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–407). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3784. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–408). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4168. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual governmentbusiness forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act (Rept. 114–409). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 1670. A bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action (Rept. 114–410). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 594. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–411). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture and Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3382 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4398. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for requirements relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. VAN HOLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. NORTON , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. E STY, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. B EYER , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. COHEN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 4399. A bill to repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, and provide for the discoverability and admissibility of gun trace information in civil proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 4400. A bill to expand the tropical disease product priority review voucher program to encourage treatments for Zika virus; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of Texas, Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. REICHERT , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  of California, Mr. KEATING , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 4401. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide countering violent extremism training to Department of Homeland Security representatives at State and local fusion centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. VELA, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 4402. A bill to require a review of information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. VELA, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 4403. A bill to authorize the development of opensource software based on certain systems of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State to facilitate the vetting of travelers against terrorist watchlists and law enforcement databases, enhance border management, and improve targeting and analysis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. VELA, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 4404. A bill to require an exercise related to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. TONKO , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 4405. A bill to require institutions of higher education to notify students whether student housing facilities are equipped with automatic fire sprinkler systems; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. H ECK of Nevada): H.R. 4406. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to train certain Department of Labor personnel how to effectively detect and assist law enforcement in preventing human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. KEATING , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 4407. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. KEATING , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 4408. A bill to require the development of a national strategy to combat terrorist travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CARNEY (for himself and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4409. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to establish labels that may be used as a voluntary means of indicating to consumers the extent to which products are of United States origin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 4410. A bill to permit expungement of records of certain nonviolent criminal offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4411. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4412. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself and Mr. VARGAS ): H.R. 4413. A bill to prohibit the use of funds to provide assistance to the Pacific Islands Forum Fisheries Agency under the Agreement Between the Government of the United States of America and the Pacific Islands Forum Fisheries Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 4414. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to notify the public if a State agency and public water system are not taking action to address a public health risk associated with drinking water requirements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Ms. MOORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. LEE, and Mr. H ONDA ): H.R. 4415. A bill to establish an Early Federal Pell Grant Commitment Program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. DELANEY ): H.R. 4416. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 4417. A bill to deauthorize portions of the project for navigation, Essex River, Massachusetts; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. WITTMAN ): H.R. 4418. A bill to amend chapter 77 of title 5, United States Code, to clarify certain due process rights of Federal employees serving in sensitive positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4419. A bill to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. JORDAN ): H.R. 4420. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to provide that certain convicted felons shall be ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RANGEL: H.R. 4421. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Colonel Charles Young, in recognition of his pioneering career in the United States Army during exceptionally challenging times; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. ELLISON ): H.R. 4422. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may provide certain basic financial services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4423. A bill to provide for a program of wind energy research, development, and demonstration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. TAKAI, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. ASHFORD , and Mr. R OONEY of Florida): H.R. 4424. A bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to increase the maximum reimbursement amount authorized for travel expenses incurred by certain members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve to attend inactive duty training outside of normal commuting distances; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H. Con. Res. 109. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers who participated in the 1965 Selma to Montgomery marches; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California (for herself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. HINOJOSA , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 593. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of February 1, 2016, through February 5, 2016, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week‘‘; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4398. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 4399. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Equal Access to Justice for Victims of Gun Violence is constitutionally authorized under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Additionally, the Preamble to the Constitution provides support of the authority to enact legislation to promote the General Welfare. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: H.R. 4400. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 as applied to healthcare. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 4401. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 4402. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
H.R. 27: Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 38: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 192: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 213: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 228: Mr. NUGENT and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 244: Mr. JONES . H.R. 250: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 267: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 320: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 343: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 358: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 379: Mrs. BLACK and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. H.R. 400: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 430: Mr. COSTA and Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York. H.R. 446: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 499: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 551: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 605: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 654: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 696: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 703: Mr. PITTS. H.R. 790: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 793: Mr. CRAMER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 802: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 815: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 842: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. FARR, and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 845: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 849: Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 870: Mr. POLIS, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 909: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 915: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 927: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 953: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. DOLD. H.R. 994: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 1061: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1076: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas. H.R. 1089: Mr. HIGGINS and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1112: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1125: Mr. JOLLY and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 1150: Mr. SALMON and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1198: Ms. PINGREE . 
H.R. 1220: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1258: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 1288: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. DUFFY , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1292: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1301: Mr. PEARCE and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 1397: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. BOST, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. G UTHRIE, and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1427: Mr. SALMON and Mrs. Watson Coleman. H.R. 1475: Mr. STUTZMAN , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 1550: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 1559: Mr. CRENSHAW and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 1565: Mr. WELCH , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. VANHOLLEN , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali fornia. H.R. 1567: Mr. CLAWSON of Florida and Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 1586: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 1608: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. JOLLY , and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 1703: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 1763: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1848: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 1854: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1902: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 1904: Mr. WALKER and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1905: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 1942: Mr. DOGGETT and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 2016: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2083: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 2093: Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 2104: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 2156: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 2209: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 2255: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 2257: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2264: Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 2266: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2274: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2283: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2290: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2300: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2313: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2334: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 2411: Mr. DELANEY , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. NORTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. KEATING . H.R. 2434: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2519: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2524: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 2526: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 2544: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 2568: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 2602: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2653: Mr. COOK. H.R. 2663: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2669: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2730: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 2874: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 2901: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 2972: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 3012: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3029: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3036: Mr. NUNES and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 3092: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 3103: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 3110: Mr. SHIMKUS and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 3119: Mr. JOYCE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. ASHFORD , and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 3159: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 3180: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 3222: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 3224: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3225: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 3248: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3326: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3337: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3345: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3355: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 3365: Mr. VANHOLLEN and Mr. S HERMAN. H.R. 3381: Ms. DEGETTE and Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS . H.R. 3406: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3411: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3520: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3546: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. M CGOVERN. H.R. 3566: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 3579: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 3619: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 3640: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 3677: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3687: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 3698: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 3710: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 3711: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3720: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. M CGOVERN. H.R. 3742: Mr. HURTof Virginia, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3746: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3799: Mr. LABRADOR , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. CHAFFETZ , and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3805: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 3818: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 3852: Ms. KUSTER and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3886: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mrs. B EATTY , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3892: Mr. CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 3936: Mr. COLE. H.R. 3940: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3952: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 3957: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , H.R. 3965: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3970: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 4000: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 4003: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 4009: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 4013: Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 4019: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4026: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 4043: Mr. MCDERMOTT and Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington. H.R. 4055: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4062: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 4073: Mr. SIRES, Mr. K EATING , Ms. JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4080: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. MCDERMOTT , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 4084: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 4087: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 4126: Mr. BUCHANAN and Mr. T OM PRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4137: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4177: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 4184: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4185: Mr. THORNBERRY and Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 4196: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4210: Mr. BARRand Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4212: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 4219: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4230: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. LEE, Ms. E STY, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. VANHOLLEN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4249: Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4253: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4262: Mr. STEWART and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4271: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 4273: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4279: Mr. MICA. H.R. 4293: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 4294: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 4295: Ms. BASS. H.R. 4298: Mr. FARR. H.R. 4301: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mr. STEWART . H.R. 4313: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 4324: Mr. COHEN and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4336: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. RUSH, and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4348: Mr. PALAZZO and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 4350: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4352: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4364: Ms. FUDGE and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4378: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4380: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. HONDA . H.J. Res. 74: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. RATCLIFFE . H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. LEVIN and Ms. M ENG. H. Con. Res. 88: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Con. Res. 99: Mr. WELCH . H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. FLEMING and Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. T OM PRICE of Georgia. H. Res. 12: Mr. O’ROURKE . H. Res. 14: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. W ALZ. H. Res. 194: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 220: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. QUIGLEY . H. Res. 265: Mr. HANNA . H. Res. 289: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. M CCOLLUM. H. Res. 343: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H. Res. 451: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. FLORES . H. Res. 469: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H. Res. 494: Mr. MESSER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. LATTA , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. ROTHFUS , and Mrs. L OVE. H. Res. 501: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mrs. BLACK , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H. Res. 509: Mr. CONNOLLY . H. Res. 551: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. SALMON , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. C OHEN . H. Res. 554: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H. Res. 569: Ms. SPEIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 571: Mr. B ARRand Mrs. B LACK . H. Res. 582: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. N UGENT , Mrs. E LLMERS  of North Carolina, and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H. Res. 586: Ms. HAHN, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. COHEN . DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 546: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 1019: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 1401: Mr. FARENTHOLD . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S405 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2016 No. 18 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable BILL CASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, the center of our joy, You are the source of all of our blessings. Thank You for Your unfailing love that provides us each day with the privilege of glorifying Your Name. Lord, help us to remember that You are an everpresent help for all our troubles. Today, inspire our Senators to trust You to direct their steps. As they are pressed by many issues, help them to slow down long enough to seek Your wisdom. Cheer their hearts with the knowledge that in everything You are working for the good of those who love You, sustaining them by Your grace. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 