Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is World Water Day. It is an opportunity to learn more about waterrelated issues and find ways to make a difference. Growing up in the mountains of North Carolina, I lived in a house without electricity or running water. That experience taught me very quickly and very early in life that water is a valuable and precious resource when you have to carry it home from a spring twice a day, and that lesson has stayed with me. Many of us take for granted that when we turn on our taps or faucets, water will always be there. However, more than 660 million people lack access to safe water and 1.2 billion people live in areas with inadequate water supply. There are many organizations throughout our country and throughout the world that are working to change that situation. We can support the many organizations that aim to preserve and defend this vital natural resource, but it is also important that we evaluate how we use water as individuals. On World Water Day, I hope all of us will explore how we can take steps to preserve this fundamental resource and make it safe and accessible for the world’s population. f 
WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, today is World Down Syndrome Day. This is a day that creates a global voice for the rights and inclusion of people with Down syndrome. According to the National Down Syndrome Society, there are more than 400,000 Americans living with Down syndrome. This is an issue that hits very close to home for me and my family. On June 21, 2008, my grandson, Stanley, was born with Down syndrome. I have 10 grandchildren and one on the way. Each one is unique and special, but let me tell you about Stanley. Stanley loves more than you can ever imagine. There is nothing more fun than coming in and looking up and seeing Stanley say: Hey, Grandpa Mike, I need a hug. I can tell you that when families find out that one of their children or grandchildren will have Down syndrome, you are worried and you are concerned, but it is not something to be afraid of. It is something that, yes, they will have special needs, but children and adults with Down syndrome can be trained and educated to a level where they can become selfsupportive, active members of society, and be a great part of not only this Nation, but this world. As I said earlier, there is no one that loves more, stronger, and so unconditionally. Maybe we should take a lesson from them, Mr. Speaker. Our family and all families that have members with Down syndrome are blessed beyond measure. f 
JUDGE MERRICK GARLAND NOMINATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, President Obama nominated Judge Merrick Garland to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court of the United States. Judge Garland is an extraordinarily qualified candidate, highly esteemed within the legal community, and highly accomplished as a prosecutor and appellate judge. He was confirmed to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in 1995, by a vote of 76–23, with a majority of Republicans voting in favor of his confirmation. Indeed, an even larger number of Republicans said he was well qualified, and I will speak to that. Under normal circumstances, Judge Garland would now be sitting down this week for oneonone meetings with Senators on both sides of the aisle in preparation for his confirmation hearings, but Senate Republicans, Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, have made it clear that they will not be operating under normal procedure. Instead, they 
are refusing even to meet with Judge Garland. Let me suggest they are refusing to do their duty. Their approach is inconsistent with the expectations of our Founding Fathers and a disservice to the American people, to the Court, to American justice, and to the American people, and their justification has no basis in fact. Justice Anthony Kennedy, who sits now on the Court, was confirmed during the final years of President Reagan’s second term. In fact, he is one of the 14 Justices in our history who have been confirmed during a Presidential election year, including Louis Brandeis and Benjamin Cardozo. So, Mr. Speaker, there is hardly precedent that a lame duck President must allow a Supreme Court vacancy to sit unfilled for months. We do not allow that for the House of Representatives and, for the most part, we don’t allow it for the United States Senate. There is a timeframe, indeed, in every State to fill seats in the House of Representatives so that the American people will be represented. To politicize this process is irresponsible and jeopardizes the proper functioning of our Supreme Court. In 1988, during the Kennedy confirmation process, President Reagan said, ‘‘The Federal judiciary is too important to be made a political football.’’ I agree, and I hope Senate Republicans would, too, because we all know that their decision has nothing to do with Judge Garland’s qualifications. Senator HATCH , a Republican from Utah, in 1997, called Judge Garland ‘‘highly qualified’’ and said, ‘‘his intelligence and his scholarship cannot be questioned.’’ When put forward for the D.C. Circuit Court, Judge Garland was cited by Senator HATCH as ‘‘a fine nominee.’’ He ultimately voted to confirm Judge Garland to the D.C. Circuit Court. While Chairman CHUCK GRASSLEY , who chairs the Judiciary Committee on the Senate—also a Republican—opposed Judge Garland’s nomination to the Circuit Court, it ought to be noted that it was only because he thought there were already too many judges on that bench, not because Judge Garland lacked qualifications. In fact, Senator GRASSLEY made this clear by saying, ‘‘I have nothing against the nominee. Mr. Garland seems to be well qualified and would probably make a good judge on some other court.’’ Senator JEFF SESSIONS , a conservative Republican from Alabama, agreed with Senator GRASSLEY about too many judges on the Circuit Court, and said of Judge Garland: ‘‘I would feel comfortable supporting him for another judgeship.’’ Although he didn’t say it, but another judgeship would be a Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. Now, Senator GRASSLEY  and Senator SESSIONS have an opportunity to put Judge Garland on another court—one that has a vacancy needing to be filled. Our Founding Fathers set up a Court of nine Justices, cognizant of the problem that would occur if there were a 4– 4 tie. That is the situation that exists today, and it can be remedied by the United States Senate now. Let’s not play political games. If Republicans don’t want Judge Garland on the Court, schedule a vote and cast their votes accordingly. Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL said just yesterday on ABC’s This Week: ‘‘Under the Constitution, we have a shared responsibility. This is not something he’’—referring to the President—‘‘does alone. He nominates; we confirm.’’ That, of course, is absolutely accurate. I would say to Senator MCCONNELL that the President has met his responsibilities. Now it is time for the Senate to do so as well. Some Senate Republicans, Mr. Speaker, agree. Senator MARKKIRKof Illinois said on Friday: ‘‘Cast a vote. The tough thing about these senatorial jobs is you get ‘yes’ or ‘no’ votes. Your whole job,’’ Senator KIRKobserved, ‘‘is to either say ‘yes’ or ‘no’ and explain why.’’ That is democracy. That is responsibility. Furthermore, in February, Senator SUSAN COLLINS , Republican of Maine, said: ‘‘I think the obligation of the Senate is to carefully consider any nominee whom the President submits. The best way to do that, in my judgment, is public hearings.’’ Senator COLLINS was absolutely right. Under pressure from within their own ranks, Senate Republican leaders can only stall for so long before they must face up to their responsibility to give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves and that the American people expect. I believe Judge Garland will make a fine Supreme Court Justice, Mr. Speaker, and I thank President Obama for selecting someone so ‘‘highly qualified,’’ intelligent, and whose ‘‘scholarship cannot be questioned,’’ ‘‘a fine nominee.’’ All of those, of course, are Senator HATCH ’s words. I hope that Judge Garland will be swiftly confirmed. Leaving the Supreme Court with the possibility of gridlock, as we have seen the Congress at gridlock, is not good for our country, not good for the American people, and does not serve our democracy well. Senator MCCONNELL , hold hearings. Reflect upon Judge Garland’s competency, intellect, and suitability to serve on the Supreme Court. Do your duty. 
SUNY POTSDAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) for 5 minutes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to celebrate a tremendous milestone for a school in my district, the State University of New York at Potsdam. On March 25, 1816, the document that would establish what is now known as SUNY Potsdam was signed, making it one of our Nation’s first 50 colleges and the oldest institution in the SUNY system. Since that time, this school has developed a welldeserved reputation for providing a topflight education, especially in the liberal arts and science fields, and is the proud home of the worldrenowned Crane School of Music, which I toured last year. As the cochair of the Congressional STEAM Caucus, I am proud that SUNY Potsdam is leading the way in incorporating the arts into the traditional science, technology, engineering, and math curriculum. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to stand on the House floor today to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the founding of SUNY Potsdam. f 
b1215 AMERICANS BEING UNJUSTLY HELD IN IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) for 5 minutes. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, these faces are not household names, faces; no one knows who these unknown Americans are. And that is because they have been held in Iran for so long. September 18, 2015, and also detained in 2015. Of course they were not detained the 444 days that Iran, a totalitarian dictatorship and theocracy, held 52 American diplomats, and the world is not watching the same as they did then. That is how this President could make a deal with Iran and not include these victims of this dictatorship. So today, Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to remind people that in the years, the decades, since I was a young lieutenant in 1979, when the Ayatollah Khomeini blamed students for somehow doing something—not his government—and continued to blame them and blames them in many ways until today, the Iranian Government, today, would still hold our Embassy hostage. It still is a shell waiting for a return, a return that I fear this President wants to do by executive order. He has already thrown aside so much of what was working to stop this regime from spreading terrorism. Mr. Speaker, as we speak today, these people are held hostage, and the American people are being held hostage by a President who chooses to use the pen and the phone over the democratic means at his side. Mr. Speaker, I will continue coming to the floor and pointing out that Iran continues to be a dictatorship spreading violence throughout the region; continues to fund Hamas and Hezbollah; continues to, in fact, destabilize countries in the region, and now does so with 140 billion more dollars. Mr. Speaker, it is extremely important that we stand firm in this House 
that this cannot be tolerated; that, ultimately, this body must stand and do what it is obligated to do, which is, in fact, to demand freedom for Americans held involuntarily and illegally around the world, and particularly in Iran. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I will close by commenting on the Democratic Whip’s statements. He is demanding that the Senate do its job. At a time in which the political season is well underway and politicians are campaigning around America for President, at a time in which two sides have two different visions of the Constitution—one is that the original intent of the Constitution be adhered to and changed only by the will of the people, as it has been 27 times; or, that it be simply cast aside the way the current nominee for the Supreme Court would do with the Second Amendment and others—I respect the minority leader’s right to an opinion; but, of course, we all, on this floor, have a right to be wrong from time to time. Mr. Speaker, he clearly was when he went on for more than 10 minutes, telling us that we have to confirm a Supreme Court Justice in the middle of a political season. I wish he had joined me in saying that this President should not make agreements that circumvent the Constitution, that circumvent this body and leave Americans stranded abroad. 
LADIES IN WHITE AND PRESIDENT OBAMA’S TRIP TO CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, when President Obama announced his efforts to normalize relations with Cuba in December 2014, many of us believed that his decision would only embolden the regime and end up hurting the Cuban people. Well, almost a year and a half later, we can say, unfortunately, as expected, that our suspicions have been warranted. This is indeed what has happened. President Obama is only worried about legacy shopping and is willing to ignore the plight of the Cuban people who continue to suffer under Castro, and this normalization effort has been an abject failure for freedom and democracy on the island. The lives of the Cuban people have not improved. A record number of them are fleeing the island to escape Castro’s tyranny; and freedom and liberty, unfortunately, no longer seem to be the goals of this administration for the people of Cuba. In December 2015, President Obama said in an interview that he would go to Cuba only when the human rights situation on the island had improved. Well, Mr. Speaker, this is what human rights looks like on the island, the valiant Ladies in White, who walk peacefully in Cuba to their church—and you see one being dragged away in the lower corner. This is what happens to them every week in Castro’s Cuba. They are harassed. They are beaten. This is not what an improved human rights situation looks like at all, Mr. President. Hours before the President arrived in Cuba, hundreds of prodemocracy advocates were arrested. Listen to that, ladies and gentlemen. Hundreds of pro democracy advocates were arrested just hours before the President’s Air Force One touched down. Many of them were members of the Ladies in White, Las Damas de Blanco. The Ladies in White are mothers, wives, daughters, sisters of current or former political prisoners. These brave women continue to speak out for justice and freedom against the regime that oppresses them daily and arrests them every Sunday when they walk peacefully to church. Two weeks ago, the Ladies in White leader, Berta Soler—and we saw her in one of the posters—asked President Obama very pointedly—and there they are getting arrested, harassed, as they do all the time. She said: Please visit Gandhi Park, where we meet. Meet with the victims of Castro’s repression. Well, President Obama responded by stating: ‘‘No one should face harassment, arrest, or physical assault simply because they are exercising a universal right to have their voices heard.’’ That is absolutely true. And then he added that he would raise these issues directly with their oppressor, Raul Castro. But once you have already embraced the oppressor of the Ladies in White and legitimized his regime on the world stage, what does this empty rhetoric and phrases matter to any of them? In February 2015, Berta Soler testified before our House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and she stated: ‘‘Our demands are quite concrete: freedom for political prisoners, recognition of civil society, the elimination of all criminal dispositions that penalize freedom of expression and association, and the right of the Cuban people to choose their future through free, plural elections.’’ Elections in Cuba? Fidel Castro famously said, elections for what? They don’t have any political system at all. There is only one party that is allowed to operate; that is the Communist Party. They have selections, not elections. The Cuban people deserve more than just lip service and platitudes from the White House. They are demanding actions and reforms in Cuba to unclench the fist of the Castro control. But solely a meeting with Cuban civil society is a very low bar, Mr. Speaker. It is not enough to help the Cuban people, especially after shaking the hand of a murderous tyrant like Raul Castro. However, even this meeting with civil society is being undermined by Castro’s thugs, even this low bar. Gee, if I just meet with dissidents—check off the list—then my trip will have been a success. Many civil society members have stated that they are now under house arrest, as I speak, and that Castro’s security agents are preventing them from leaving their own homes until President Obama leaves Cuba. In Cuba’s communist newspaper, called Granma, the regime noted that President Obama’s trip to Havana dispels the myth that human rights are being violated on the island. They are no fools. They understand the image is worth a thousand words. The image of President Obama in Cuba says no human rights are being violated. And the regime knows that all of the concessions that President Obama has given come with no strings attached. I will end with this, Mr. Speaker: No reforms are needed. No changes need to be made. In fact, the Castro regime has already stated that it will not change one bit after all of these concessions. The Cuban people deserve better. The American people deserve better. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, thank You for giving us another day. The Psalmist could not find enough words to express trust in You. Personal experience of Your presence, care, and abiding guidance gave rise to his song: ‘‘O Lord, my rock, my fortress, my deliverer. My God, my rock of refuge, my shield, the fullness of my salvation, my stronghold.’’ Psalm 18:2. Stir in our hearts today Your Spirit. Touch the soul of this Nation that we may see Your saving work in our work and the work of this House. Your strength behind our weakness, Your purpose in our efforts at laws of justice, Your peace drawing all of us and the entire world to lasting freedom. You are ever faithful, O Lord, worthy of all of our trust, now and forever. May everything we do this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the 
last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. POLIQUIN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WATER STORAGE IN CALIFORNIA (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after years of extreme drought, California is finally receiving, thanks to the Good Lord and Mother Nature, significant rain and snowfall, perhaps enough to return to near normal conditions. However, despite continued mandatory statewide rationing, Federal agencies are still making decisions that result in the loss of massive amounts of water that could be stored, or decisions that will be harmful to agriculture. Just 5 days ago, the Sacramento River ran so high that enough water to supply over 54,000 people for an entire year flowed past each hour. While recent storms have improved our water supplies, our largest reservoirs are not yet full. They soon could be, but are not yet full. It is precisely during these times that water agencies need to be very cautious and very careful in managing these water supplies so that, as our reservoirs do become full, we can carry through until maybe the next drought. So will they allow these reservoirs to become full, or will they let water flow down because of bad flood data or fish needs? We will see. 
RECOGNIZING BLEEDING DISORDERS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize March 2016 as Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month. This month marks the 30th anniversary of President Reagan’s declaration of March 1986 as Hemophilia Awareness Month. One of the most troubling bleeding disorders is hemophilia. Hemophilia affects roughly 20,000 people in the U.S. and 1 in 5,000 newborns. Treating the disorder is complicated, as well as expensive, as there is no known cure, and treatment may cost $250,000 a year. Another bleeding disorder is Von Willebrand disease, or VWD, which results in bruising, nosebleeds, and excessive bleeding following surgical procedures. VWD occurs equally in men and women and is estimated to affect more than 3 million Americans. Through this greater awareness of bleeding disorders, we can work toward earlier diagnoses and the prevention of complications, unnecessary procedures, and disabilities. f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL SHINAY (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, our proud State of Maine has sent many hardworking, principled leaders to the national stage. Senator Margaret Chase Smith brought common sense and courage to Washington as the first woman to serve in both the U.S. House and in the Senate. Now, many other Mainers have served our country with distinction, but have seldom made the headlines. Michael Shinay grew up in a middle class family in Waterville and was a loyal alum of the University of Maine. He was an immensely talented public servant who, every day, helped American families and businesses during his 30 distinguished years at the U.S. Postal Service. Mike served as postmaster in Burlington, Vermont, and in the Postmaster General’s Office here in Washington. In 1992, Mr. Shinay accepted the thankless job of cleaning up the theft and inside dealings right here at the House Post Office. He then cut costs and introduced new technology that streamlined this huge, complex mail system. In 1999, Mike retired from the Postal Service and consulted on global mail systems to some of the world’s most successful companies. Two months ago, on January 23, Michael J. Shinay peacefully passed away, surrounded by his loving wife, Jeanne, of 39 years, and their two wonderful children, Katie and Jonathan. Two months ago, Maine and America lost a cheerful, hardworking public servant, full of fairness, integrity, and goodness. We will miss Mike Shinay. 
CONGRATULATING VALOR CHRISTIAN GIRLS SWIMMING AND DIVING TEAM (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Valor Christian High School’s varsity girls swimming and diving team on their 4A State championship win. It was a thrilling win for Valor. The team scored 320 points to catapult past their competitors in the quest for the State championship title. Senior Brooke Stenstrom showed tremendous leadership and dedication in her recordbreaking 50yard freestyle, 100yard freestyle, and 200 medley relay, earning her the title of ‘‘Swimmer of the Year’’ in the State’s 4A classification. Freshman Abbie Erickson finished fourth in the diving portion of the competition, contributing to the team’s total points and ultimate State win. Ms. Lori Stenstrom, the swim team’s head coach, led a tremendous effort all season long to get the team ready for their State championship performance, earning her the title of ‘‘Swimming Coach of the Year.’’ I am honored to congratulate these young women on their State championship win. f 
CUBAN PRODEMOCRACY LEADERS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Raul Castro’s thugs arrested or detained many Cuban prodemocracy leaders in anticipation of the President’s time in Cuba. Berta Soler, the leader of the Ladies in White, was detained; Antonio Rodiles, detained; and some of these activists were invited to participate in the meeting with President Obama. Antunez and his wife, Yris, arrested; musician Gorki Aguila, arrested; former political prisoner Angel Moya, arrested. Pastor Mario Felix Lleonart Barroso was arrested yesterday. The Castro brothers have shifted their strategy to a catchandrelease program to intimidate activists who have been placed under house arrest by the repressive apparatus of the regime. President Obama says that human rights are important to him, but empty words with no actions to back them up send the message to the Castro regime to continue with his repression, and Castro continues to do so. No surprise there. Shame on us, Mr. Speaker. 
WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, today, March 21, is World Down Syndrome Day. This internationally recognized event is set aside to raise public awareness of what Down syndrome is and about the important role that people with Down syndrome play in our lives and our communities. According to the National Down Syndrome Society, there are currently about 400,000 people living with Down syndrome in the United States alone. These people are faced with elevated risks for many other health conditions and must confront obstacles every day of their lives. 
Organizations like the Upper Peninsula Down Syndrome Association in northern Michigan help to raise awareness of this condition. Through hosting events like the Buddy Walk, these organizations help to educate the general public and raise funds for programs that benefit those living with Down syndrome. In my own life, my family and I are blessed to have my youngest grandson, Archie, in our lives. We want Archie to have the ability and the freedom to be the best Archie that he can be. While we have made tremendous strides in helping those with Down syndrome, it is my hope that we continue to improve the quality of life and the opportunity for kids like Archie. 
MEDIA SILENT ON LACK OF GLOBAL WARMING (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the media were quick to cover a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration study last year where scientists altered global surface temperature data to try and refute the twodecade halt in global warming. The LA Times, The New York Times, and USA Today all headlined NOAA’s announcement that there was not a halt in global warming. However, a new peerreviewed study, published in the journal Nature, confirms the halt in global warming. According to one of the study’s lead authors, it ‘‘essentially refutes’’ NOAA’s study. But the many wellrespected scientists and their findings were ignored by much of the national media, including those that had previously reported there never was a halt in global warming. Americans deserve all the facts that surround climate change, not just those that fit the view the liberal national media wants to promote. 
RED TIE CHALLENGE FOR BLEEDING DISORDERS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LONG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to take the National Hemophilia Foundation’s Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month Red Tie Challenge, in recognition of more than 3 million Americans who suffer with debilitating bleeding disorders like hemophilia or Von Willebrand disease, which prevent blood from clotting naturally. It is currently estimated that more than 400,000 people worldwide suffer from hemophilia alone, and 75 percent of them either lack adequate treatment or have no access to treatment. Also, Von Willebrand disease occurs genetically and is believed to be the most common bleeding disorder. It is estimated to affect 1 percent of the United States population. If these problems are not treated effectively, these problems can result in extended bleeding after injuries, surgery, or trauma, and can be fatal for those suffering with them. This March is the first Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month, which further underscores the need for legislation like the 21st Century Cures package, which will spur greater medical research and innovation when it becomes law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow colleagues to also take the Red Tie Challenge so these millions of Americans suffering with bleeding disorders will be helped. f 
b1415 REMEMBERING ELIZABETH GARRETT, CORNELL UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT (Mr. REED asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of a great lady from our district, Elizabeth Garrett, Cornell University President. Ms. Garrett lost her battle with cancer on March 6, 2016, at the age of 52. We were all deeply saddened, Mr. Speaker, to learn of her passing, and our hearts go out to her loved ones, including her husband, her two step daughters, her parents, and her sister. Mr. Speaker, following a distinguished career where she served as legislative director and tax counsel for Senator David L. Boren of Oklahoma and served as a clerk for United States Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, she rose through the ranks of academia to become Cornell University’s first female president. We are very proud of President Garrett. She was a remarkable leader who led our community in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I join with all of those in the 23rd Congressional District to extend our condolences and our thoughts and prayers to her family and to our entire community. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 4 o’clock p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for her kind words in support of this bill. And I want to thank Mr. BRADY , the ranking member on the House Administration Committee, for his support as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1670, the National POW/MIA Remembrance Act. Before I begin, I want to thank House Administration for their great support and staff support as well. Mr. Speaker, this bill actually comes from the recognition we all share that, in our country, oftentimes the families of POWs and MIAs suffer alone. And it is through the efforts of groups like Rolling Thunder and other veterans’ groups who have brought to the forefront the fact that we should carry more immediately the memory of the sacrifice of those families. In my own life, I came to know a man named James Fitzgerald, who was a member of Operating Engineers Local 4 in Boston. I worked on a job with him. I remember at noontime, when everyone would go off to lunch, he would go off into his pickup truck and eat his sandwich by himself. Day after day in his lap he would have a tricorner flag that this country gave him in remembrance of his son, who went down as a result of enemy fire in Vietnam in the early 1960s. It was not until the late 1980s, early 1990s, that his son was actually recovered, returned to his family, and buried in Massachusetts. For many, many years, the Fitzgerald family carried that burden by themselves. They carried it alone. I had a chance to travel with JPAC, the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command, to Vietnam, to Korea, and to the South Pacific, the Philippines. We have 83,000—83,000—men and women from this country that died in the Second World War, in Korea, and in Vietnam who are still there. About 1,000 remain in Vietnam. About 5,000 remain in North Korea up around the Chosin Reservoir. And then the great majority of those MIA are buried at sea as a result of the great naval battles in World War II. They are buried in place, and their resting places are our sacred ground. We have an opportunity here to place within the Capitol a remembrance, a shrine, in effect, to their sacrifice in remembrance of their service to this country. H.R. 1670 would honor them by authorizing a placement of a POW/ MIA Chair of Honor on the grounds of the United States Capitol. That chair will forever stand unoccupied as a solemn reminder of the over 83,000 brave Americans from as far back as World War II who are still waiting to be brought home. Chairs of honor carrying the POW/ MIA insignia have already been placed in public spaces in cities and towns around the country. It is only fitting that the Capitol, the seat of the U.S. Congress, should do so as well. Mr. Speaker, when our fellow Americans go to war, we make them a promise never to leave them behind. That vow is sacred. When we pass this chair every day, we will be reminded of our commitment to our POW/MIAs and their families that we have not forgotten them, we will never forget them, and we will not rest until they all come home. 
I want to take a moment to thank Joe D’Entremont, who first approached me about undertaking this initiative a couple of years ago. He is a past president of Rolling Thunder of Massachusetts Chapter 1 and is now a Rolling Thunder, Incorporated, National member. I want to thank all the members from all the chapters of Rolling Thunder from across the country who have kept this idea alive. Joe D’Entremont is a passionate advocate on behalf of our veterans and our POWs and MIAs. Joe has worked with my office from the very beginning on this effort. I also want to thank Gus Dante, also with Rolling Thunder National, who has worked steadfastly at Joe’s side to see this through. Finally, I want to thank the members of Rolling Thunder Massachusetts Chapter 1 and all of the Rolling Thunder chapters around the Nation. Their efforts were integral to bringing us here today. After today, H.R. 1670 will move to the Senate for its consideration. I want to recognize and thank my Massachusetts colleague, Senator ELIZABETH  WARREN , for introducing her Senate companion bill and for making this truly a bicameral effort. I look forward to continuing to work with her to get this past the finish line and have the National POW/MIA Remembrance Act signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER .) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1670, the National POW/MIA Remembrance Act of 2015, which would direct the Architect of the Capitol to place a commemorative chair paid for by private donations in the United States Capitol to honor American prisoners of war and those missing in action. This bill is a way to acknowledge and remember those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country. One of the groups supporting this bill is the Rolling Thunder, as was just mentioned. The mission of the Rolling Thunder is to educate the public of the American prisoners of war who were left behind. I am happy to state that this bill is not a cost to the American taxpayers. In coordination with the Rolling Thunder, I have also introduced H. Res. 590, which calls for a selective committee on POW and MIA affairs. As a minister for nearly two decades, I can tell you that these situations are sometimes not always resolved, but the closure that it provides and benefits to the families is immeasurable. I am proud to once again stand with my colleagues today in honoring our brave men and women. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I thank the chairwoman for her willingness to put such a wonderful piece of legislation forward, something that truly should be unanimous in its bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in strong support of H.R. 1670, the National POW/ MIA Remembrance Act. This bipartisan bill, as many of those who have spoken before me have said, authorizes the placement of a commemorative chair on the grounds of the U.S. Capitol that is going to be a reminder to all of us of the great sacrifice that our brave men and women in uniform have made to keep our country safe and promote our values around the globe. These commemorative chairs, which carry the POW/MIA insignia and are purchased with privately raised funds, remain perpetually unoccupied as a solemn reminder of the 91,000 brave servicemembers still waiting to be brought home. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor for me to be able to serve with some in this institution who were POWs and made it home. They need to be commended for their service, like Congressman SAMJOHNSON from Texas, who spent way too many months—48, I believe, to be exact—as a guest at the Hanoi Hilton. He was able to make it home. But so many more—so many more—families experience tragic losses because they never know what happened to their family members. Mr. Speaker, ensuring that our veterans are properly cared for is one of my top priorities as a Member of this great institution. And while the Veterans Administration continues to require significant reforms, having a commemorative chair in the Capitol will remind all Members—all Members—of this great institution of the commitments we have made to those who have fought so hard and ensure that we hold the VA accountable for their actions, too. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1670 so that families of POW/MIA servicemembers know also that the United States will never forget the sacrifices their loved ones who served this country with such valor and honor made. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just say, in support of H.R. 1670, I do want to share in the acknowledgment of SAMJOHNSON ’s service and sacrifice on behalf of this country. In fairness, I have to say that, when we went to the Hanoi Hilton, they did have a reconstructed version of what Senator JOHNMCCAINwent through in Hanoi. It is a sanitized version of what he suffered there, but I also want to recognize his service. He is truly an American hero as well. I thank my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their support. I am glad we can work on this together. I think we owe it to all our MIA and POWs and their families to get this done. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1670. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I conclude, I just want to reiterate again that these brave men and women who served as POWs or those missing in action are our Nation’s patriots and heroes, and they certainly do deserve to be honored. I am just proud to be a part of this effort to install this fitting memorial recognizing those who sacrificed so that we could all be free. I certainly want to thank our colleague from Massachusetts, STEPHEN  LYNCH , who introduced this bill. He came to me and asked that we would work together on this. I am delighted to do so because there is absolutely nothing more bipartisan and important, I think, than how we remember our veterans and those who are currently serving as well. This is a very, very important piece of legislation. b1615 Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to join us in passing this measure today. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1670, ‘‘National POW/ MIA Remembrance Act of 2015’’ which directs the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. I support this legislation sponsored by Congressman STEPHEN LYNCH of Massachusetts, because all soldiers should be commemorated for their heroic efforts. This important bill directs the Architect of the Capitol to enter into an agreement to obtain a chair featuring the logo of the National League of POW/MIA Families, and place it in the U.S. Capitol in a suitable permanent location within two years after enactment of this Act. The Architect of the Capitol may enter into an agreement with any taxexempt, charitable organization to solicit private donations to carry out this Act; and accept resulting donations of funds, property, and services. An astonishing 83,000 American service personnel are still missing in action—from previous wars—and 142,233 Americans have been Prisoners of War (POW). Thankfully, revolutionary new communications, information management and surveillance technologies, the total dominance of the air dimension, better training, and the nature of the adversary and geography has halted the increase of POWs and soldiers missing in action. It is our duty as Americans to remember those who have bravely fought for our beloved country. Having this chair at our Nation’s capital will serve as a continuous reminder that our freedom was fought for. 
This bipartisan bill stands as a testament that our soldiers should be honored for their efforts in protecting our freedom and rights as Americans. Our nation has a proud legacy of appreciation and commitment to the men and women who have worn the uniform in defense of this country but for those who never reunite with their families it is our duty as citizens to keep their memory alive. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1670. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1670. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 192) to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
BOARD .—The terms ‘local workforce development board’ and ‘State workforce development board’ have the meanings given the terms ‘local board’ and ‘State board’, respectively, in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 192. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of S. 192, the Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, for decades, the Older Americans Act has been a vital resource for the Nation’s seniors. It established and has sustained a number of services, including nutrition services, family caregiver support, community service employment, and elder abuse prevention. These and other services have allowed seniors to stay active and independent. They have helped them live healthy, independent lives in their homes and their communities, and in many cases, they have enabled older Americans to remain out of institutional care. This bill updates and improves the law to ensure it continues to serve a senior population that has changed significantly since the Older Americans Act was first enacted more than 50 years ago. One of the hallmarks of the original law—and something that this reauthorization maintains and strengthens—is the flexibility it provides States and local entities to serve the specific needs of seniors in their communities. This bipartisan legislation maintains that strong commitment to State and local control and makes a number of commonsense reforms to the law. For example, the bill includes specific measures to better protect seniors from abuse and neglect. Among those measures is a provision to strengthen a program designed to investigate and resolve complaints from residents of nursing home facilities and other adult care homes. It also clarifies responsibilities related to the development and implementation of programs related to the health and economic welfare of older individuals. The bill also continues support for Senior Medicare Patrol, a program that helps train senior volunteers to prevent and identify healthcare fraud and abuse. Congress should continue to fund this important initiative because it is good for seniors and it helps save taxpayer dollars by protecting the integrity of healthcare programs. Additionally, this legislation improves alignment between existing programs designed to provide employment and community service opportunities to older Americans. It simplifies and clarifies how services are funded and includes responsible and defined authorization levels. These are just a few of the important changes and updates this bill makes, in addition to the many vital services it continues, to help seniors age with dignity and independence. I urge my colleagues to support the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to start by thanking Chairman KLINE and Ranking Member S COTT for working to bring this important legislation to the floor today. Reauthorizing the Older Americans Act has been one of my top priorities. Over the years, I have sponsored legislation to strengthen essential programs that help keep seniors healthy and independent. Seniors in Oregon and across the country know how important the Older Americans Act programs are, so I have met with them to discuss ideas for improving the law, and I have advocated for funding for Older Americans Act programs and services. All along, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been committed to reauthorizing this important law. On behalf of seniors across the country, I thank my colleagues for their support for this legislation before the House—a 3year reauthorization of the Older Americans Act. I also want to thank the advocacy community and service delivery groups for their ongoing support for a strong, bipartisan reauthorization. Backing from a wide range of groups that are dedicated to the wellbeing of America’s seniors helped make possible the legislation we are considering today. Every day in our country, about 10,000 people turn 65. As the population of older adults continues to grow, we have a responsibility, as policymakers, to reevaluate and bolster the programs that keep seniors healthy, active, and engaged in their communities. The legislation we are considering will help older Americans from all backgrounds lead meaningful lives with dignity by continuing to support the delivery of health, transportation, and nutrition services to seniors in every State. This legislation includes modest increases in authorization levels, building on the amounts appropriated in the Fiscal Year 2016 Omnibus Appropriations Act. Investments for currently funded Older Americans Act programs are overdue and will help meet the growing demand placed on these programs and services. Increasing investments in programs like Meals on Wheels, which serves thousands of seniors, many of whom are homebound or lowincome, will allow more adults to stay in their homes, where they can remain connected to their communities and avoid costlier longterm care. For many adults, the hot meal they get from Meals on Wheels is the only one they will get that day. The volunteers who deliver the meal may provide their only social interaction, which is important for all seniors, but especially for those in isolated or rural areas. Significantly, this legislation provides tools to curb both financial and physical elder abuse by promoting proven strategies for responding to elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation. According to the Elder Justice Coalition, there are more than 6 million victims of elder abuse every year—roughly 1 out of every 10 people over age 60. According to the National Center on Elder Abuse, victims of elder financial abuse lose an estimated $2.9 billion a year, and too often they lose their entire life savings. I am pleased that this legislation continues to address the problem of elder abuse and takes steps to make sure older adults are not robbed of their resources or denied the dignity they deserve. In addition, my colleague from Florida has expressed support for the Senior Medicare Patrol, a program that helps train senior volunteers to prevent and identify healthcare fraud and 
abuse. I want to reiterate support for this program and note that the Education and the Workforce Committee supports full funding for this important initiative, which should not come at the expense of funding other programs. The Senior Medicare Patrol saves taxpayer dollars by protecting the integrity of healthcare programs. The return on investment for Older Americans Act programs is undeniable, and this is certainly the case for Senior Medicare Patrol as well. Americans are living longer, more productive lives, and our policies need to keep pace. Older adults should not have to struggle to afford reliable transportation, nutritious food, and highquality supportive services. Congress will need to continue to invest in and modernize services for seniors so all older adults, including LGBT elders and older individuals from diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds, have access to programs that keep them healthy and engaged in their communities. This legislation is an important step forward. I am glad that Congress is coming together today with bipartisan support to recognize the valuable role that Older Americans Act programs play across the country. These programs work. Reauthorizing them means that America’s seniors and their caregivers will continue to receive the services, resources, and support they need. Mr. Speaker, the reauthorization we are considering today is an important way to recognize that in the United States of America, our seniors—our parents and grandparents across the country—deserve to live healthy, fulfilling lives and live them with dignity. I, again, thank Ranking Member SCOTT and Chairman K LINE for their leadership. I also want to thank the hardworking staff on both sides of the aisle for their dedication to improving the lives of all Americans. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, who has worked tirelessly on this reauthorization. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. I rise today in strong support of this legislation reauthorizing the Older Americans Act. Since it was first enacted, this act has been a vital resource for America’s seniors and their caregivers. Through a wide range of services, it has helped older individuals enjoy their independence and stay active, both in their homes and in their communities. However, much has changed in the last 50 years. Today, Americans are living longer, and the senior population is significantly larger and more independent than it once was. What hasn’t changed is the responsibility we have to take care of our seniors. That is why, in addition to continuing the vital support established by the Older Americans Act, this reauthorization makes a number of important improvements to ensure the law is still providing the kind of help American seniors need. First, it provides better protections for our most vulnerable seniors. The bill promotes best practices for responding to abuse, neglect, and exploitation, strengthens protections for all residents of longterm care facilities, and improves the coordination of activities between State and local aging offices. Other important updates include measures to streamline and improve how the programs under the law are administered. Too often taxpayer dollars go to programs that are outdated, ineffective, or simply not being used as they could be. That is why this bill streamlines programs and makes improvements to ensure program coordination and efficiency. The legislation also makes changes to nutrition services programs to account for geographic changes in the senior population. Furthermore, the bill better aligns job training services for older Americans with the broader workforce development system. In 2014, Congress passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide a more efficient, streamlined workforce training system that would help put Americans back to work. This legislation builds on that law by providing seniors access to a less confusing and more seamless workforce development system. These are just some of the things this bill does to better serve those individuals the law is intended to support. We have made a commitment to help those who want and deserve to enjoy independence and contribute to their communities as they grow older. This bill will help ensure that we are not only honoring that commitment, but that we are honoring it well. In closing, I want to thank my colleagues—Representatives CARLOS  CURBELO , V IRGINIA FOXX, S UZANNE  BONAMICI , and R UBE´NHINOJOSA —for their continued leadership on this issue and in helping move this important piece of legislation forward. We are grateful for their efforts. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation today, which provides for a 3year reauthorization of the Older Americans Act. Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Education and the Workforce has been committed to seeing this legislation through. I want to particularly thank, on our side, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. HINOJOSA , and Representative BONAMICI . I want to thank them and Chairman KLINE, Representative CURBELO , and all of the members of our committee, for making the passage of this bill a reality. As ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I have the privilege of working on legislation that affects Americans throughout their lives, from childhood into advanced age. The Older Americans Act was first passed 50 years ago as part of President Johnson’s War on Poverty to help older Americans live in dignity and stay connected to their communities by receiving essential social and nutrition services. b1630 Today, the commitment to our Nation’s seniors is more important than ever. One in 10 Americans over the age of 65 lives in poverty, and older Americans are also working longer—some because they want to but many because they have to so that they can secure their financial futures in the face of retirement insecurity. The spectrum of services provided through the Older Americans Act, in conjunction with Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, ensures that our Nation’s older Americans are not left behind in their golden years. The Pew Research Center reports that the elderly population is expected to double by 2015, and without meaningful investments in services for our seniors, too many Americans who have worked hard all of their lives will be left struggling in their later years. Unfortunately, since 2009, the Older Americans Act’s funding has actually dropped. Failing to invest in the Older Americans Act is bad for seniors, and it is bad for our country. Providing our seniors with health services, nutrition, and the supportive services they need makes them less likely to suffer illness or injury, less likely to incur expensive hospital visits, and more likely to live independently. These investments bring dignity to the lives of our seniors, and they, ultimately, will result in a significant savings to taxpayers. I am proud that we were able to agree on increased funding for these important programs. Had our investments in these programs kept up with inflation and the growing population, the funding levels would have actually been higher, but, thankfully, we can finally say that we are moving in the right direction. Vice President Hubert Humphrey once stated that the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, our children; those who are in the twilight of life, our elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life. It is my hope that, by protecting and enhancing the Federal statutes to support our older Americans, we will be passing this test. Again, I thank my colleagues for their support of this legislation. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her work, and thank the subcommittee chair and chair regarding this issue. Mr. Speaker, I might be the only Member of Congress who has ever worked under the Older Americans Act. Another young man and I—obviously, many years ago—started the first Senior Companion Program in region 6, the Pacific Northwest. These employment programs are fabulous. There are two things that we need to keep in mind for seniors. The first is the vulnerability of many: the economic vulnerability, the nutritional vulnerability, their medical vulnerability, and the needs that have to be served there. The other is that a lot of people are retired—over the age of 60— who still have a tremendous amount to contribute to this country. Through the Older Americans Act and these Senior Community Service Employment Programs, we are, actually, utilizing their talents. The particular program I ran employed 60 low income seniors to go out and work in the community with other even more vulnerable seniors, who were in their homes, in order to try and keep them in their homes, to keep them independent—a better quality of life for them and a heck of a savings for the taxpayer—because nobody can afford nursing homes in America except the richest among us. Inevitably, when seniors have to go into nursing homes, they are going to end up on Medicaid at some point, which is very expensive. So, if we can keep them at home, they are happier, and we save money. On the other vulnerabilities, nutritional vulnerability is the largest bulk. The single largest category under the Older Americans Act goes to the nutrition programs, which are the senior Congregate Meal sites and the Meals on Wheels. I would urge anybody who is not particularly familiar with these programs to go to one or the other and see how important this is to so many millions of older Americans every year. Often, the only time they will see other people in a day is if they are at the senior Congregate Meal sites or if they are at home and someone shows up with Meals on Wheels. I have delivered Meals on Wheels and have seen seniors, basically, just cry to be getting a little bit of attention at home and getting a meal that will get them through the day. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. BONAMICI. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DEFAZIO. It is wonderful that we are reauthorizing this, but the funding levels are inadequate. If you look at it over time, the senior population has grown dramatically, and those in need have grown dramatically; yet the funding, if you look back 10 years or so, in adjusted dollars, is actually less today. It is great we are reauthorizing it, but we do need to look for more funding. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, in San Diego and across the country, seniors depend on the programs for health care, for meals, and for other essential services that are included in the Older Americans Act. These programs help ensure that our seniors age successfully and with dignity. Serving Seniors, which is here today from San Diego to support the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act, will be able to continue to provide meals and other services to seniors at the Gary and Mary West Center. Meals onWheels of Greater San Diego will have the certainty that it needs to keep delivering meals to seniors in their homes, and the County of San Diego will have more resources and information to combat elder abuse. Together, we will continue to hold senior scam seminars in San Diego to equip members of our senior community with the tools they need to avoid being scammed. For many seniors, an important part of aging with dignity is having the support of caregivers in their families. Improving the National Family Caregiver Support Program will continue to give these caregivers a network of information and services to care for their loved ones. As an active member of the House Seniors Task Force, I am committed to protecting the viability of Medicare and Social Security, which seniors have earned over lifetimes of hard work. By preventing Medicare fraud and abuse, this legislation will save on longterm costs and help keep Medicare viable. I urge my colleagues to stand up for seniors and support the passage of the bipartisan Older Americans Act. I thank leadership on both sides of the aisle for working on this. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In the United States, its population of older adults is projected to increase from approximately 57 million people, who were aged 60 and older in 2010, to about 76 million older adults by our next census in 2020. Despite the rapid rise in the population of seniors and the growing strain that has been placed on important services for older individuals, Congress allowed the Older Americans Act to expire in 2011. Fortunately, today, the House has the opportunity to pass a reauthorization of the Older Americans Act, and it is not a moment too soon. This legislation increases the Federal investment in Older Americans Act programs, which serve millions of seniors in towns, in cities, and in rural areas across the United States. Reauthorizing these programs means that older adults will continue to receive nutritious meals, legal assistance, preventative health care, and other essential services that make it possible for them to live independently and to age with dignity. I agree with my colleague from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) that, if one hasn’t been to one of these programs, one should definitely go and spend some time with the people who are receiving these services. It is very meaningful. It changes their lives. I also thank my friend and colleague from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) as well as Ranking Member SCOTT and Chairman KLINE for their commitment to America’s seniors. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan measure to reauthorize the Older Americans Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The important services that are provided by the Older Americans Act help us to achieve a goal that we can all get behind—that of supporting the country’s seniors in helping them maintain the active, productive lives they desire. As I see it, that is not just a goal—it is our responsibility. The seniors we are talking about are veterans, parents, grandparents, teachers, caregivers, laborers, job creators. They are individuals who have worked hard all of their lives, who have helped this country grow and expand, and who, in a lot of ways, have supported many of us throughout our own lives. It is now on us to help support them in their senior years. This reauthorization will do just that, which is why it has support from Members on both sides of the aisle and from nearly 50 groups, including the AARP, the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging, Meals on Wheels America, and the National Association of States United for Aging and Disabilities. It will enable older Americans to remain independent, to continue contributing to their communities, and to remain in their homes with their families and among their friends. Many seniors are fortunate enough to have loved ones who are already helping them stay active and who are already looking out for their best interests. Unfortunately, there are many seniors who are not so fortunate. This bipartisan bill will help those individuals live out their years with dignity whether they are in their homes or in longterm care facilities. I believe that is an effort we can all support. I thank Chairman KLINE, Ranking Member SCOTT, and my friend and colleague from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). This is a wonderful model for bipartisan work—for working together—to help vulnerable people in our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the House Amendment 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 4314. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me begin by thanking Mr. ZELDIN  of New York for his work on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act, as well as to thank the other members of the Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. Under the leadership of Chairman MCCAUL and with the significant contributions of Mr. KATKO of New York and the Foreign Affairs Committee, we unanimously approved this measure in January. Mr. Speaker, the reason we did goes back to a little bit of history. Al Qaeda planned the 9/11 attacks from Afghanistan because they had the capacity to do so—to plan an attack there on the United States. Now, ISIS controls significant territory. They control that territory in Syria, in Iraq, in Libya. As long as terrorist groups maintain these safe havens abroad, where they can work on new forms of munitions, bombing, and go through trial runs on how they carry out an attack, as a consequence, we are under a threat here on our homeland, much like the situation prior to 9/11. b1645 The perpetrators of the horrific attack that we all saw on that coverage out of Paris that killed 130—those killed were European nationals. Those who did those murders had trained to fight in Syria. They had traveled by train. They returned to Europe through Greece and through Turkey. Despite the fact that many of those local attackers were known by authorities, they were still able to move across borders. They moved without detection. In some cases, they moved with those fraudulent passports from Syria. Given the high number of foreign fighters returning home from that ISIS stronghold in Syria and from the ISIS training camps in Iraq—and, frankly, from Libya as well, we have now heard—there is a recognized and urgent need for improved border security and information sharing between governments. This bill is a way to get there because this threat is not just limited, by the way, to us in the United States and to Europe. Earlier this month terrorists who had received training inside Libya were killed by Tunisian security forces during an attempted attack inside Tunisia. So these attacks now demonstrate how easy it has become for terrorists and for foreign fighters to move across open borders. This legislation makes several important changes to how border security is administered. It improves the tools deployed at the border. It increases the border security coordination between Allied states. It does it in the following way: This legislation requires the Departments of State and Homeland Security to produce an annual scorecard assessing the border security efforts of countries around the world. This is going to identify the weaknesses and areas for improvement abroad. It will also mandate a streamlining of our own efforts to assist partners overseas with their border security programs. The administration will then submit a plan to Congress for prioritizing U.S. assistance on this. This bill requires the establishment of minimum standards for border security on the part of our Allied states. Countries that fail to meet these minimum standards can have U.S. foreign assistance suspended, cut off, employing the same incentive already in place that we use today in order to force compliance against human trafficking overseas, against those states that commit human rights violations. Many of the Members here are familiar with how we leverage those states to force them to pass legislation and change the way in which they address these issues. We are going to deploy the same leverage here. So this bill reflects the recommendations made by our colleagues on the Homeland Security’s bipartisan task force on combating terrorists and foreign fighter travel, which we have worked together on. The Foreign Affairs Committee has worked with the Homeland Security Committee on that. I again thank Mr. LEEZELDIN for his leadership and for his work to make our Nation safer against this terrorist threat. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, March 3, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 4314, the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4314 
that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4314 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4314, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 4314. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, March 16, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4314 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE  Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 18, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4314, the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016.’’ The bill contains provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Homeland Security will forego consideration of this bill. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing action at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the understanding that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, March 18, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4314 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Let me thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee and, also, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for bringing this bill forward. Violence in recent months has shown us that the threat of violent extremism isn’t isolated to particular countries or regions. More and more we see the danger posed by terrorists and foreign fighters when they can cross borders unimpeded. So the United States, along with our allies and partners, need to do whatever we can to stop those dangerous individuals as they cross from country to country. This bill would help us move in that direction. Here at home, this legislation would ramp up coordination among government agencies dealing with this problem. I would call on the administration for a specific plan laying out how we are going to meet this challenge. Around the world, it would help governments by speeding the transfer of software and technology we can use to track people entering a country, to collect biometric data, and to figure out what sort of risks they might present. It would prioritize the sharing of specific border security systems with foreign partners. It would put a particular focus on countries where this danger is particularly acute. It would establish minimum standards for international border security and makes it clear that governments that don’t take this problem seriously are putting their American foreign assistance at risk. This legislation provides commonsense steps to ensure our own security and that of our allies and partners. I again thank Mr. ZELDIN for all his hard work. I am pleased to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). He is a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is also the author of this bill. Again, we appreciate the expertise he has brought in crafting this legislation as it relates to border security because of his experience, his distinguished career in the U.S. Army and, also, as an intelligence officer, a former prosecutor in the Army, and a military magistrate. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee as well as his great staff for all of their incredible assistance in making sure that this legislation not only came to the House floor for a vote, but came to the House floor for a vote swiftly and, fortunately, with very strong bipartisan support. So I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, especially to Chairman ROYCE and to Chairman M CCAUL as well of the House Homeland Security Committee, for all of their efforts. I rise today in support of my bill, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016. This legislation is about protecting America’s security at home and abroad. Foreign fighter movement is a very serious challenge that has resulted in the wellrecognized need for improved border security around the world and better information sharing between governments. The horrific terror attacks in Paris that killed over 100 people showed us just how easy it is for terrorists to move undetected across borders. This attack was largely carried out by European nationals, many of whom traveled to train and fight in Syria and then later returned to Europe through Greece and Turkey. Although local authorities already knew some of the attackers, they were still able to move across borders without detection and, in some cases, using fraudulent passports. It is essential that the United States work with the international community to monitor and stop the movement of terrorists abroad. Additionally, this legislation helps us counter the spread of infectious diseases like Zika. With the recent outbreak of the mosquitoborne Zika virus which has spread at rapid rates across South America, Central America, and the Caribbean, and the number of Zika cases among travelers visiting or returning to the United States, we must take action now. 
As evidenced with the Ebola outbreak in 2013, which decimated populations across Western Africa, if the proper effort is not implemented proactively, the consequences can be truly devastating. The Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act recently passed the House Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously with bipartisan support. This bill would establish international border security standards to close security gaps that currently exist that allow terrorists and foreign fighters to travel internationally. These standards would be developed in coordination with all relevant U.S. Government departments and agencies in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, Attorney General, Director of National Intelligence, and Director of the FBI. Our resources would be utilized in the most efficient way possible, with a special focus on highrisk and medium risk countries to boost security. A reporting system would also be established to monitor efforts of foreign governments to combat terrorism and foreign fighter travel and to suspend foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply. Furthermore, the bill would put in place a monitoring system that would screen for infectious diseases to contain and prevent any potential outbreaks, which will help quarantine viruses by authorizing the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide the necessary equipment and supplies to mitigate the risk or threat of infectious diseases such as Zika, a disease that has caused widespread alarm as it has continued to spread across the global community. I also thank Congressman JOHN KATKO for his assistance as well. The Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016 is a bipartisan measure long overdue to not only protect our homeland from terrorism, but also ensure the U.S. is always prepared to combat the spread of any infectious diseases. I strongly encourage my colleagues in Congress to join me in this important effort to address a serious national security threat and vote today to pass the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016 to keep America safe. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this commonsense legislation. Thousands of Europeans who have traveled to fight alongside ISIS and other terrorist groups throughout the world pose a serious threat to our national security. One of the problems is making sure that those terrorists who go fight in Iraq, Syria, and other places don’t go back to their home countries in Europe undetected because, once a person gets in Europe, it is easier for Europeans to travel to the United States from Europe than it is from some other countries. Terrorists often travel through a number of countries before they get home, and some of these countries have very good border security and others not so good. The United States has the technology to help our friends and our allies track down these bad guys. But our bureaucracy, of course, has gotten in the way of national security. This bill expedites the process, cutting through the red tape and giving our partners the tools they need to track terrorist travel throughout the world and in their countries. Terrorist travel is not a problem we can solve by ourselves. We must stop terrorists before they show up in America. We must work with our partners overseas. I strongly support this legislation. And that is just the way it is. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again I thank the Congressman from New York, Major LEE ZELDIN , for authoring this bill. Let me also again express my appreciation for the cooperation of Ranking Member ENGEL and to commend his work and, also, that of our colleague from California (Mr. BERA), on this legislation. The 9/11 Commission states in their report to the Congress on recommendations: ‘‘The U.S. Government cannot meet its own obligations to the American people to prevent the entry of terrorists without a major effort to collaborate with other governments. We should do more to exchange terrorist information with trusted allies, and raise U.S. and global border security standards for travel and for border crossing over the medium and long term through extensive international cooperation.’’ This bill does that. It adds another component, and that is as it relates to the collateral benefit, which will come through trying to prevent infectious diseases borne by these exotic vectors, like these mosquitoes that bring the Zika virus or like Ebola. So this bill, H.R. 4314, increases collaboration with our allies through improved information sharing, tightened border security screening methods overseas, and the Department of State and Department of Homeland Security are required to accelerate the delivery of certain border security systems and prioritizing delivery to countries deemed to be at high or medium risk for foreign fighter or terrorist travel. b1700 It also establishes minimum border security standards. The Department of State and the Department of Homeland Security are required to submit an annual report to us in Congress detailing how countries are meeting the minimum border security standards established there. The annual report will not only assess partner country efforts over the previous 12 months, but it is also going to identify those areas that are most necessary for improvement. Countries that don’t meet border security standards could have their nonhumanitarian, nontraderelated U.S. assistance suspended, cut off. Suspension of assistance is meant to ensure that countries take the necessary steps to improve their border security. I again want to thank Mr. ZELDIN and other members of the Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel and all the bipartisan cosponsors for their support for this bill, which deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4314, as amended The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FORECLOSURE RELIEF AND EXTENSION FOR SERVICEMEMBERS ACT OF 2015 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2393) to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2393 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on S. 2393. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2393, the Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015. This bill was introduced by our colleague from Rhode Island, Senator WHITEHOUSE , and passed the Senate in December. This bill would extend, through December 31, 2017, mortgagerelated protections for servicemembers who are called to Active Duty under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Specifically, these protections would prohibit a bank or mortgage company from selling, foreclosing, or seizing a property owned by a servicemember without a court order for 1 year after a servicemember returns from Active Duty. This protection allows servicemembers the opportunity to avoid foreclosure or seizure during this 1year period following their service, giving them the opportunity to hopefully get back on track with mortgage payments. In 2008, the report produced by the Commission on the National Guard and Reserves found that the threat of foreclosure is a stressor that should not be placed on members of the Armed Forces upon their return to civilian life. Today, as a shrinking Active Duty force leaves more and more operational responsibilities to the Guard and Reserves, these home foreclosure protections are more important than ever. This year it is expected that more than 10,000 members of the Army National Guard and Army Reserves will cycle through to Europe, nearly double the number of last year. Many thousands more will serve in other theaters of operation all over the globe. I believe it is essential that we ensure members of the military returning home have plenty of time to regain their financial footing, particularly when they have selflessly given up their civilian jobs to deploy with their Guard or Reserve units. This protection has been extended several times by Congress and has been considered a noncontroversial extension of existing authorities. Without our action on this bill, the protection would slip to only a 90day period of foreclosure protection and could impact servicemembers as early as the end of this month. I would also note that the mortgage industry is supportive of this extension. I thank them for their advocacy and for their continued support of veterans and active and reserve servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the work of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ) for their work on this issue, as they also had similar bills to S. 2393 pending before this body. Once again, I urge all Members to support S. 2393. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 2393, the Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015. This bill provides a 2year extension of current protections so veterans transitioning out of the military don’t lose their homes that they owned before beginning their military service, if they are experiencing financial hardships for up to a year after they leave the service. S. 2393 allows courts to pause proceedings to foreclose on or seize a home for 1 year following service, allowing time for transitioning soldiers to adjust their financial situations, as well as all other aspects of their lives, to civilian life. We owe our veterans the benefit of the doubt when they may have missed payments while facing the tough realities of serving our Nation. There is broad support for this provision in both Chambers of Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Millions of people are losing their homes and have lost their homes to foreclosure. I have worked with the banking community, Federal HUD, and NACA. Our veterans and other individuals are still losing their homes, and now many churches in my district are closing and losing their properties through foreclosure. I am pleased that we have this bipartisan legislation, but this bill is a temporary fix. We need to work together, as a Congress, to find a permanent fix so that our veterans, other individuals, and churches are protected from foreclosure. Again, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), for bringing this legislation forward. I urge the passage of S. 2393. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support S. 2393. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2393, the ‘‘Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Service Members Act of 2015,’’ which amends the ‘‘Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012’’ by extending through December 31, 2017, the provisions that protect service members from actions to foreclose on a mortgage for one year after their service. S. 2393 prohibits the sale, foreclosure, or seizure of a service member’s mortgaged property without a court order or a waiver from the service member. In 1940, Congress passed the ‘‘Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act’’ (SSCRA) to provide protections and rights to individuals based on their service in the U.S. armed forces. In 2003, Congress passed the ‘‘Service Members Civil Relief Act,’’ which was modernized and reauthorized the protections and rights previously available to service members under SSCRA. The Service Members Civil Relief Act protects service members in the event that their military service impedes their ability to meet financial obligations incurred before entry into active military service. In 2012, the ‘‘Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012’’ amended the SCRA to extend the timeframe from nine months to one year in which service members are protected from the sale, foreclosure, or seizure of mortgaged property and any actions filed against them for an inability to comply with the terms of the mortgaged obligation. The ‘‘Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Services Members Act of 2014,’’ which passed the House by voice vote, extended this provision through December 31, 2015. Mr. Speaker, our service members keep us safe from all manner of threats around the globe, so the least we can do is to keep them and their families safe from foreclosure as they transition back to civilian life. I urge my colleges to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2393. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AIRPORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4721) to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 4721. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, as amended by the Senate, extends the authorization of the Federal Aviation Administration programs and the revenue collection authorities for the Airport and Airway Trust Fund through July 15, 2016. The current FAA reauthorization expires at the end of this month. Without this bill, the authority to collect aviation taxes will lapse, depriving the trust fund of more than $40 million per day. That is funding for air traffic control, airport development, and other aviation programs that can never be recovered. Additionally, the airports will be unable to receive grant money that has already been awarded to them, putting dozens of construction projects at risk. H.R. 4721 will avoid these unnecessary consequences while Congress works to finish a longterm aviation bill. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 4721. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here we are a week later, and now we are doing another extension, which of course I support. This one will go to July 15, which is truly a dropdead date. Congress will be out for the longest summer break since probably the 1950s, starting just after July 15, so we must get the longterm bill done by then. There is substantial agreement between the bill that came out of committee in the House and the Senate bill, with the exception of the tombstone rule on lithium batteries, a difference on flight attendants’ rest hours, and, of course, the issue of privatization of the air traffic organization. I would hope that we can move ahead and preconference the many other titles and begin working on those, the differences on the flight attendants’ rest time, and I will continue to push on lithium batteries. I would hope that this is the last extension. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 4721. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1180) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1180 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015’’. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 1180. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has a long tradition of tackling FEMA and emergency management issues in a bipartisan manner. b1715 I would like to acknowledge Chairman BARLETTA and Ranking Member CARSON of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee for leading efforts in the House to improve our Nation’s Emergency Alert System. Public alerts save lives. And their efforts, along with this bill, will save even more. This committee was the first to introduce legislation in 2008, and every Congress since, to modernize the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, also known as IPAWS, because we recognized the critical need to provide timely and effective disaster warnings to our citizens and communities. Modernizing the alert and warning systems will help save lives. At the committee’s request, the GAO issued a report in 2009 detailing key problems with FEMA’s development of IPAWS. GAO’s findings supported the need for legislation to ensure consultation and coordination with key stakeholders, strategic planning, and the timely rollout of the new system. GAO issued a subsequent report in 2013 identifying a continued need for guidance and testing of the system. We also heard from many stakeholders, including people with disabilities, the elderly, and industries like the broadcasters and wireless industry, that FEMA was not giving them a seat at the table as FEMA modernized the system. Involving these stakeholders who are the primary users and owners of the infrastructure is key. Without them, alerts couldn’t go out. I am happy to stand here and support the culmination of that work in S. 1180, the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015. I commend the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for continuing to advocate for a nationwide integrated and interoperable system. 
The IPAWS Modernization Act modernizes and integrates the Nation’s alert and warning infrastructure to provide public safety officials with an effective way to alert and warn the public about serious emergencies. This legislation sets a clear framework to ensure money is not wasted, while making certain key stakeholders are a part of FEMA’s modernization of the system. The bill will also ensure that the ongoing development and modernization of our Nation’s alert system is done effectively and efficiency. As technologies change, the legislation will ensure that this system adapts and continues to work toward the most effective alert and warning system possible. This system impacts everyone in America, Mr. Speaker. Whether it is a hurricane, tornado, flood or wildfire, unless we can ensure the public can be effectively alerted, lives will be at risk. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ); Chairman BARLETTA ; and my good friend, Ranking Member PETER DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure today. The Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 directs the administrator of FEMA to codify the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, commonly known as IPAWS. With IPAWS, Mr. Speaker, public safety officials are able to warn the public of impending hazards using multiple communications platforms, such as radio and television broadcasts, mobile devices, and other Internet services. These warnings, Mr. Speaker, can even be geographically targeted so that only those in harm’s way will receive the messages. All of this leads to saving lives, Mr. Speaker, and reducing property damage. During the months of May and June, tornados are most likely to strike the great Hoosier State. Getting citizens to safety or even alerting them to shelter in place before a tornado strikes can ultimately be the difference between life and death. Success in that effort, Mr. Speaker, depends largely on access to timely and precise information. During 2011, a violent storm caused the sudden collapse of a concert stage at the Indiana State Fair. This tragic incident killed seven and severely injured dozens more. It could have been much worse. Timely alerts enabled fair officials to clear the midway minutes before the storm struck, potentially saving hundreds of lives. Our committee has primary jurisdiction over IPAWS, and we have worked hard, Mr. Speaker, on this issue for several Congresses. While this bill is similar to another bill—H.R. 1472—that the Transportation Committee reported last year, I am very disappointed that regular order was not followed in S. 1180. It should have been referred to the committee of jurisdiction so that the House of Representatives can do the job we were elected to do: consider the details and implications of all the different provisions and how they impact our alert and warning system. Despite the lack of regular order, Mr. Speaker, I still support this measure greatly. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise today in support of S. 1180, the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015. This important legislation was introduced by the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator RONJOHNSON. IPAWS provides public safety officials with a mechanism to alert and warn the public about emergencies using multiple communication platforms, including the Emergency Alert System, Wireless Emergency Alerts, and NOAA Weather Radio. The bill we are considering today authorizes the IPAWS program and provides it with needed direction to help ensure that we can make available as much information to the public as possible to get them out of harm’s way in the event of a terror attack, natural disaster, or other threat to public safety. We know that these alerts can help to save lives. IPAWS was used after the Boston Marathon bombings to direct residents to shelter during the manhunt. In my district, IPAWS was used to warn people during Hurricane Sandy. Elsewhere, IPAWS has been vital to locating missing children through the AMBER Alert system. We also know that the system is not without its challenges. While I understand that in a recent test of the Emergency Alert System, a component of IPAWS, worked for stations in my home State of New York, there were challenges in other States. The test was canceled in several States due to weather concerns. However, a number of those States were not informed of the cancellation, leaving their broadcasters to wonder why the test didn’t occur. We must ensure better communication between IPAWS and relevant stakeholders. That is why the IPAWS subcommittee of the National Advisory Council, established in this bill, is so important. This advisory committee will provide stakeholders with a mechanism to provide input into the program. Ensuring stakeholder engagement and feedback will serve to enhance the effectiveness of IPAWS. The Committee on Homeland Security has a long history of oversight of the IPAWS program, having held a number of hearings and briefings. Legislation similar to the bill we are considering today was approved by the Committee on Homeland Security just last year. Like the legislation passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security, this legislation is supported by the National Association of Broadcasters, the National Alliance of State Broadcasters Association, and CTIA—The Wireless Association. We thank these organizations for their continued engagement on this bill to improve the text and get us to this point. The enactment of legislation to authorize IPAWS has been a long time coming. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this commonsense legislation so that we can send it to the President’s desk to be signed into law. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), a good friend of mine and the ranking member of the committee. Mr. DEFAZIO. I thank my friend and the ranking member of the subcommittee for yielding to me on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, yes, indeed, we have spent a number of years overseeing, holding hearings, and working to push for a more modern public alert warning system. So this legislation is somewhat overdue. In fact, we passed similar legislation last year in the House. I do support the legislation. However, I will point out that it is a bit irregular because we passed it a year ago, and suddenly we are passing a version which just happens to have come from a Senator who just happened to be one of the most vulnerable Republicans up for reelection so that he can get a notch on his belt. But that is the way things work around here: we get good things done for sometimes the wrong reasons. It should have been done a year ago. The Senate should have taken up our version. That said, this will modernize the system tremendously. We are well past the days of CONELRAD alerts. Yet, technology has not moved as far as it could for the 21st century. In particular, I was in Japan with a congressional delegation observing what they have done post the dramatic earthquake and tsunami events. They estimated the wave heights and were able to get the message out, to some extent, on public broadcasts and with sirens before further shocks brought down the grid and silenced, for the most part, the sirens. Unfortunately, the first estimates were off. When the waves reached the nearshore monitoring devices, they found that they were considerably higher and a much more vigorous evacuation should have been conducted. Unfortunately, at that point they had no way to get the word out to the people who had gone to high ground, but 
not high enough, or those who had sheltered in place when they believed the height of the tsunami would be less. So they lost many lives, they feel, unnecessarily, because of a lack of redundancy in the system. This will move us toward a redundant system. They have now moved to a cellularbased system so that individuals can be alerted. I was just at a tsunami event in the town of Florence, Oregon, called the Blue Line, where they have evacuation routes and people say: When do I stop running or driving? And so they are painting lines on those critical routes showing what point where you are safe from the highest predicted tsunami. They did, essentially, a drill while we were there, but you couldn’t even hear the siren. These are World War IIera raid sirens. Some work, some don’t. So we need a much more robust and redundant system because we know that in the Pacific Northwest and northern California, it is only when— not if—we will have a dramatic earthquake, potentially with a magnitude up to 9, with a subsequent tsunami. We need in place both deep ocean detection to give more warning time, wave detection, and a robust system to inform the people where to go and how far they need to go in these events. This is overdue legislation, and I do urge its adoption. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1180, the Integrated Public Alert Warning System, or IPAWS, Modernization Act. Modernizing our alert and warning capabilities is essential to keeping us safe. We must effectively communicate important information to the public during national emergencies, and our warning efforts must evolve with the growing and emerging threats of today. During my time as chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, this was a top priority of mine. I have worked to update our alert and warning systems and utilize innovative new technologies. Since the 112th Congress, I have introduced and advocated for the passage and enactment of this important piece of legislation, which is very similar to my bill, H.R. 1738. During my work on the Integrated Public Alert Warning System Modernization Act, I heard from many stakeholders and experts who highlighted the need to ensure alert systems are available to the largest number of people, including individuals with disabilities and those living in rural areas. In 2006, FEMA implemented the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, which improved public safety by quickly disseminating emergency messages and lifesaving information to the public. However, these systems have not been modernized in decades, which is why I have consistently reintroduced this bill. With congressional oversight, we can ensure our constituents have alert systems that work reliably, effectively, and efficiently. S. 1180 provides authorization to update our communications infrastructure to allow important information and alerts for instantaneous message delivery over cell phones, text messaging, the Internet, and broadcasting. b1730 Additionally, this bill improves our capabilities and communications network by creating a national public warning working group to bring State and local officials together. This will ensure systems developers, regulators, users, and relay participants meet on a regular basis. This important legislation allows us to uphold our responsibility in the protection of the people we serve. I want to thank Senator JOHNSON for his work and advocacy on this issue. I also want to thank my colleagues: Representative SUSAN BROOKS ; chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, Chairman MCCAUL; and Subcommittee Chairman DONOVAN , for their support in cosponsoring my bill, H.R. 1738. This is a great step in the right direction, and we must continue this progress of modernizing our capabilities with the passage of this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. 
NATIONAL ALLIANCE OF STATE  BROADCASTERS ASSOCIATIONS , April 29, 2015. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : The undersigned, who are the chief executive officers of the fifty State Broadcasters Associations in the United States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, are pleased to offer our support and endorsement for H.R. 1738, the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015. If passed, this bill will ensure that more people receive lifesaving information in more parts of America, more of the time, through current and future alert and warning technologies, while strengthening broadcasters’ role as the backbone of America’s public alerting system. Many of us serve as chairs or members of our respective State Emergency Communications Committees, which are charged with managing the Emergency Alert System (EAS) in our states. We have all worked tirelessly to ensure that a robust, reliable alerting system is available when it is needed. We have observed over the years that the system needs a higher level of coordination among the various federal, state and local public safety and emergency management agencies as ‘‘message originators’’ on the one hand, and the broadcast, cable and satellite ‘‘message relayers’’ on the other hand; and that the absence of any formal, ongoing training of state and local public safety and emergency management personnel on the proper use of EAS has hampered state and local officials’ willingness and ability to use it efficiently in times of emergency, thus putting lives and property at risk. This bill will address these problems and will make giant strides toward improvement of alert and warning capability in our states and across our nation. We look forward to the successful passage of this important measure. Very truly yours, THEUNDERSIGNED CEO SO FT H E FIFTY STATE BROADCAST TRADE ASSOCIATIONS . Alabama Broadcasters Association, Sharon Tinsley; Alaska Broadcasters Association, Cathy Hiebert; Arizona Broadcasters Association, Art Brooks; Arkansas Broadcasters Association, Doug Krile; California Broadcasters Association, Stan Statham; Colorado Broadcasters Association, Justin Sasso; Connecticut Broadcasters Association, Michael C. Rice; Florida Association of Broadcasters, C. Patrick Roberts; Georgia Association of Broadcasters, Bob Houghton; Hawaii Association of Broadcasters, Jamie Hartnett; Idaho State Broadcasters Association, Connie Searles; Illinois Broadcasters Association, Dennis Lyle; Indiana Broadcasters Association, Joe Misiewicz; Iowa Broadcasters Association, Sue Toma; Kansas Association of Broadcasters, Kent Cornish; Kentucky Broadcasters Association, Gary White; Louisiana Association of Broadcasters, Polly Prince Johnson; Maine Association of Broadcasters, Suzanne Goucher; Maryland/D.C./ Delaware (MDCD) Broadcasters Association, Lisa Reynolds. Massachusetts Broadcasters Association, Jordan Walton; Michigan Association of Broadcasters, Karole L. White; Minnesota Broadcasters Association, Jim duBois; Mississippi Association of Broadcasters, Karla Hooten; Missouri Broadcasters Association, Mark Gordon; Montana Broadcasters Association, Dewey Bruce; Nebraska Broadcasters Association, Jim Timm; Nevada Broadcasters Association, Mary Beth Sewald; New Hampshire Association of Broadcasters, Jordan Walton; New Jersey Broadcasters Association, Paul Rotella; New Mexico Broadcasters Association, Paula Maes; New York State Broadcasters Association, David Donovan; North Carolina Association of Broadcasters, Wade Hargrove, Esq.; North Dakota Broadcasters Association, Beth Helfrich; Ohio Association of Broadcasters, Chris Merritt; Oklahoma Association of Broadcasters, Vance Harrison; Oregon Association of Broadcasters, Bill Johnstone; Pennsylvania Association of Broadcasters, Rich Wyckoff. Radio Broadcasters Association of Puerto Rico, Jose A. Ribas Dominicci; Rhode Island Broadcasters Association, Lori Needham; South Carolina Broadcasters Association, Shani White; South Dakota Broadcasters Association, Steve Willard; Tennessee Association of Broadcasters, White Adamson; Texas Association of Broadcasters, Oscar Rodriguez; Utah Broadcasters Association, Michele Zabriskie; Vermont Association of Broadcasters, Jim Condon; Virginia Association of Broadcasters, Doug Easter; Washington State Association of Broadcasters, Mark Allen; West Virginia Broadcasters Association, Michele Crist; Wisconsin Broadcasters Association, Michelle Vetterkind; Wyoming Association of Broadcasters, Laura Grott. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Indiana has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1180, the ‘‘Integrated 
Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015.’’ I support this bill because it would address interoperability deficits among information technology systems and radio communications systems used by emergency services to exchange voice, data, disasters, and video in real time As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am intimately aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communications during a crisis. S. 1180 directs FEMA to establish the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee to develop and submit recommendations for an integrated public alert and warning system to the National Advisory Council through: establishing common alerting and warning protocols, standards, terminology, and operating procedures for the system; include in such system the capability to adapt the distribution and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, and multiple communication technologies and to alert, warn, and provide equivalent information to individuals with disabilities, access and functional needs, or limited English proficiency; ensure that specified training, tests, and exercises for such system are conducted and that the system is resilient, secure, and can withstand external attacks; and conduct public education efforts and a general market awareness campaign about the system. The bill requires the system to: be designed to adapt to and incorporate future technologies for communicating directly with the public, provide alerts to the largest portion of the affected population feasible, and improve the ability of remote areas to receive alerts; promote local and regional public and private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; provide redundant alert mechanisms; and protect individual privacy. Because the tragedies of September 11, 2001, were compounded by communication failures among first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to address first responder communication interoperability challenges. S. 1180 amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated U.S. public alert and warning system to help ensure that under all conditions the President, federal agencies, and state, tribal, and local governments can alert and warn the civilian population in areas endangered by natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other manmade disasters or threats to public safety. Hurricane Katrina is an example of the need for emergency response agencies to be connected. After the storm the majority of the rescue operations were being conducted by the U.S. Coast Guard locating people who were on the roofs of their houses. The coast guard was not aware of the individuals who were stuck in their home calling 911, because they could not reach their roofs, causing about 986 Louisiana residents to perish after the storm due to the lack of effective communication. An estimated 1,836 lives were lost as a result of the hurricane. The City of Houston covers over a 1,000 square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a nighttime population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. The city of Houston’s 9–1–1 Emergency Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weather or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005. The types and severity of potential emergencies can encompass floods, hurricanes, and industrial incidents which would require multiple emergency agencies to respond. On the average, EMS responds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each EMS response is made by one of 88 City of Houston EMS vehicles. There are over 200,000 EMS incidents involving over 225,000 patients or potential patients annually. In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Department lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, Engineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Firefighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. Throughout the history of the Houston Police Department over 110 officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. Each member of the House of Representatives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way. S. 1180 will offer additional resources that can save the lives of first responders and those they help. S. 1180 will ensure that FEMA’s response to a crisis is organized with state and local resources. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of S. 1180. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1180. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2745, STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 24, 2016, THROUGH APRIL 11, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–461) on the resolution (H. Res. 653) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
COUNTERTERRORISM SCREENING AND ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4314) to require a plan to combat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security systems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international border security standards, authorize the suspension of foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply with such minimum standards, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 371, nays 2, not voting 60, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bustos Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Dent Duckworth Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Gallego Gowdy Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Labrador Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Nolan Nugent Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Schakowsky Scott, David Sherman Smith (WA) Speier Tsongas Vela´zquez Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IN) 
b1850 Ms. KUSTER changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, today, I was unable to cast my floor vote on rollcall vote No. 130. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 130. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following vote: H.R. 4314– Counterterrorism/Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Monday, March 21, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 130. 
PLYMOUTH CITIZENS AWARD FOR URIAS JAH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the heroics of Plymouth 17yearold Urias Jah, who was recently recognized with the Citizens Award from Plymouth fire officials. After hearing shouts of ‘‘Fire,’’ Urias ran out of his apartment to see a fire spreading on the third floor of the complex and a woman on the second floor yelling for help. Urias was able to jump and pull himself up onto the second floor balcony and the third floor balcony with a fire extinguisher attached to his hips. He then was able to extinguish the flames, saving property and, potentially, lives. Two hundred people, Mr. Speaker, reside in the complex. When firefighters arrived, they were flabbergasted that the 5
1⁄2foot Urias would actually be able to scale the building. Mr. Speaker, Urias’ selfless actions are heroic and brave. While our firefighters and fire departments do tremendous work, they can’t be everywhere all of the time. His quick thinking stopped a fire that could have been devastating to so many. His Citizens Award is well deserved. f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of World Down Syndrome Day, which seeks to draw awareness to Down syndrome and how people with Down syndrome play a vital role in our lives and our communities. All of us know someone who lives with Down syndrome, and we know that in spite of some extra challenges, they live full and robust lives surrounded by family and friends. In order to provide those living with Down syndrome and other disabilities the best start possible, I was happy to cosponsor, along with a majority of my colleagues in the House, the Achieving a Better Life Experience, or ABLE, Act, which was signed into law in 2014. This law empowers people with disabilities and their families to create a flexible account to help save for medical and dental care, education, communitybased employment, communitybased support, training, housing, and transportation. My office participates in the Congressional Internship Program for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities. This program, which is a partnership with George Mason University’s Mason LIFE program, gives students with intellectual disabilities an opportunity to gain congressional work experience. We have welcomed several bright young men and women who have made significant contributions to our office, and I am proud to participate in this vital program. 
CUBAN MILITARY ENRICHED (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the President’s failing visit to Cuba was dismissed by the Communist foreign minister, who declared ‘‘under no circumstance is the realization of internal changes in Cuba on the negotiation table.’’ Since the President’s outreach to the Castro dictatorship, the consequence has been a surge in dissident arrests of patriots who overestimated the hope and change that a relationship might bring. Sadly, by doing business with the Castro regime, the benefits of trade will not reach the Cuban people. It will enrich the Cuban military, which stole 
about 70 percent of companies in the most profitable industries. This failure follows the Iranian nuclear deal, providing over $100 billion to a regime that proclaims ‘‘death to America’’ and ‘‘death to Israel.’’ By failing to stop ISILDaesh, the President’s legacy has led to Syrians fleeing, children drowning at sea, and chemical weapons attacks killing Iraqi children in their homes. The President can still change course to promote a strong America with peace through strength. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
STEVEN STEINER IS A CREDIT TO THE GRANITE STATE (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a New Hampshire hero. Conway’s Steven Steiner, an emergency medical technician, has devoted his life to helping others. Off duty in Manchester one day, he noticed a commotion. A car had stopped in traffic. Steven saw that the man behind the wheel had lost consciousness. He pulled the man from his car and successfully administered CPR, not once, but twice, after the man lost consciousness a second time. He had overdosed, unfortunately, on heroin. Steven, who lost his own son to an OxyContin overdose, saved that man’s life. ABC News happened to be there to document New Hampshire’s fight against opiates and heroin, capturing the lifeordeath moment. Steven is a credit to the Granite State. He started Dads and Moms Against Drug Dealers to stop the spread of opiates and heroin in our great State of New Hampshire. Most heroin enters our country across the southern border, where I will visit this April to investigate. As Steven knows from experience, we must stop deadly drugs like heroin from entering our country, just as we must help those who are struggling with this addiction. 
b1900 PRESERVE CASTNER RANGE (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask for the support and help of my colleagues to preserve a very special place in my community known as Castner Range. Castner Range is 7,000 acres in the Chihuahuan Desert wilderness, where you have unique flora and fauna and human history dating back to 10,000 years before our time. These 7,000 acres are a jewel to our binational region of 3 million people and a treasure to the United States. For that reason, I ask Congress to join my community in its grassroots efforts to preserve Castner Range as a national monument so that this generation and those that follow can enjoy this national treasure in perpetuity. f 
IRAN AND NORTH KOREA COCONSPIRATORS IN MISCHIEF (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a satellite flying in space over the Super Bowl, a longrange missile test, 15 other missile launches, the test of a so called hydrogen bomb, and threats to destroy Manhattan. This is North Korean saber rattling in 2016 alone. It is safe to assume the Iranians were on site as witnesses to these latest violations of international law. Why? Because the Iranian scientists have been present nearly every time the North Koreans have issued or launched missiles for decades. The rogue nations of Iran and North Korea have been working together since the 1980s on missile development. During the 1990s, they started developing longrange ballistic missiles. By the 2000s, the Iranians were giving North Korea sensitive data from their own tests to improve North Korean missile systems. Mr. Speaker, North Korea already has the ability to attack South Korea, and Iran has the ability to attack Israel. These longrange missiles are intended for the United States. The American people should understand the threat we face. We should be prepared. Our Nation must sanction these belligerent powers and develop a robust missile defense system to protect our homeland. And that is just the way it is. 
FAILURES OF WMATA (Mrs. COMSTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address an issue of grave concern to my constituents. Last week’s unprecedented closure of the entire Metrorail system demonstrated Metro’s ongoing safety failures. This week, the Federal Transit Administration launched its safety blitz of Metro, focusing on the training and oversight of inspectors and the maintenance workers, as well as the management of track defect data. Paul Wiedefeld, the new general manager of Metro, issued a letter to the public several weeks ago identifying many of the problems, including management problems. First and foremost, he said: ‘‘The safety culture at Metro is not integrated with operations, nor wellrooted at all levels.’’ For example, although this has already been noted, he noted that there were more red lights blown through in 2015 by its operators than in either 2013 or 2014. Clearly, we are going the wrong direction, and we need to improve Metro. I look forward to working with my colleagues on this important measure to protect the Metro system of the Nation’s capital. f 
STOP SEXUAL ABUSE OF AFGHAN CHILDREN (Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, last fall, it was reported that sexual abuse of children by members of the Afghan military has been rampant for years, and that, in some instances, U.S. servicemembers have been punished for attempting to stop such abuse. As our mission in Afghanistan reaches 15 years, our troops should not feel that our strategy is undermined by Afghan forces committing human rights violations against innocent children. Along with 94 of my colleagues in both the House and the Senate, I requested a full inquiry into the U.S. Government’s experience with allegations of sexual abuse of children by members of the Afghan security and police forces. This investigation has been launched by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, who will evaluate the Department of Defense’s and State Department’s policies and procedures for ensuring U.S. funds do not support human rights violators. Sexually harming innocent children should not be condoned in any part of the world, and the children of Afghanistan deserve the same protection as any of God’s children. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CHAFFETZ (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of a family obligation that requires him to be in his home State of Utah. Mr. ALGREEN of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and March 22 on account of official business. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and March 22 on account of official travel with President Barack Obama to Cuba. Mr. JEFFRIES (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and March 22 on account of traveling to Cuba with the President. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s 
S. 2143. An act to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. 2512. An act to expand the tropical disease product priority review voucher program to encourage treatments for Zika virus; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1831. An act to establish the Commission on EvidenceBased Policymaking, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, March 22, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4336. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery; with an amendment (Rept. 114–459, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4472. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–460). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 653. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016 (Rept. 114–461). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 4336 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4815. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. HARPER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. POSEY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. WESTMORELAND ): H.R. 4816. A bill to reform laws relating to small public housing agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for herself, Mr. BYRNE , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. R OGERSof Alabama, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. P ALMER): H.R. 4817. A bill to establish the Birmingham Civil Rights National Historical Park in Birmingham, Alabama as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 4818. A bill to amend the Pittman Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS ): H.R. 4819. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a grant program for States that provide flexibility in licensing for health care providers who offer services on a volunteer basis; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN (for himself, Mr. KATKO , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. VELA): H.R. 4820. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4821. A bill to make supplemental appropriations to provide additional funds to Americorps for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. STEWART, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. ROSS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M ARCH ANT, and Mr. B UCSHON ): H.R. 4822. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for reporting and disclosure by State and local public employee retirement pension plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. COLLINS of New York, and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 4823. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for special procedures for P2 nonimmigrants who are Canadian citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 4824. A bill to prohibit restrictions on possession, storage, or use of firearms in Federal programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HANNA: H. Res. 654. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals of ‘‘World Sleep Day’’, on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. CURBELO of Florida): H. Res. 655. A resolution expressing concern regarding the preventable loss of life associated with sportsrelated sudden death of student athletes in the United States, and emphasizing the importance of rigorous, evidencebased preparticipation physical examinations for student athletes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H. Res. 656. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should not confirm a nominee to the United States Supreme Court whose professional record or statements display opposition to the Second Amendment freedoms of lawabiding gun owners, including the fundamental, individual right to keep and bear arms as affirmed in the District of Columbia et al. v. Heller and McDonald et al. v. City of Chicago, Illinois, et al. cases; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
180. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 6, memorializing the Congress of the United States to appropriate funds from the Nuclear Waste Fund for the establishment of a permanent repository for highlevel nuclear waste or reimburse electric utility customers who paid into the fund; which was referred to the Committee on Appropriations. 181. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 8, urging the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to fulfill their obligation, as provided by law, to establish a permanent repository for highlevel nuclear waste; which was referred to the Committee on Appropriations. 182. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Colorado, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No.: 16004, urging the Congress to reauthorize the federal ‘‘Older Americans Act of 1965’’ and to ensure that the reauthorization of the OAA treats all older adults fairly by eliminating the ‘‘hold harmless’’ provision; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 183. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Concurrent Memorial 2001, urging the United States Congress to enact legislation to repeal the tax on health insurance; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 4816. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof . . .’’ By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 4817. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 4818. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Because this legislation adjusts how a state may spend federally appropriated funds, it is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spending power. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 4819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 4820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 4822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 4823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 4824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. Second Amendment to the United State Constitution: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 292: Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 303: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 551: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 563: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 581: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 664: Ms. DELBENE, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania, and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 699: Mr. HECKof Washington and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 793: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 814: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 816: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 953: Mr. GIBSON , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 997: Mr. MICA. H.R. 1062: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 1111: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 1135: Mr. HIGGINS . H.R. 1174: Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 1220: Mrs. WAGNER , Ms. M ENG, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 1247: Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 1427: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1449: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 1492: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1499: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1549: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1559: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. S CHRA DER. H.R. 1608: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 1655: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. WHITFIELD . H.R. 1713: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1769: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 1854: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 1859: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2068: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 2102: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2114: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 2137: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2197: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2283: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 2515: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. JONES . H.R. 2521: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 2589: Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 2622: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 2638: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 2656: Mr. POCAN and Mr. T IBERI . H.R. 2666: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2726: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 2752: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 2817: Mr. RANGEL and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2861: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2903: Mr. HARDY and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2932: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 2939: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 2947: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 2976: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3081: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3119: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3235: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3377: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 3514: Mr. WALZ, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3632: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3660: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3673: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3675: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3691: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. WALZ. H.R. 3706: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 3713: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3751: Mr. BERA. H.R. 3817: Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. G IBSON, and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3880: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 3929: Mr. OLSON , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. HARPER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. WOMACK , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. HUDSON , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 3952: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4087: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 4276: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4305: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. GIBSON , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4314: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4333: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mrs. WALORSKI , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 4336: Ms. NORTON , Mr. K IND, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. P ERRY , and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 4352: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4365: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 4376: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 4456: Mr. YARMUTH and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4479: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 4503: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4505: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4514: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 4519: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4534: Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 4544: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 4567: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4602: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 4609: Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4612: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4615: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 4622: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4625: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4626: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4636: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. HUELSKAMP . H.R. 4640: Mr. ROSS, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4667: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 4675: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 4681: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4694: Mr. HIGGINS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4715: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4717: Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 4731: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. ROUZER , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 4742: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. RIGELL , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4764: Mr. PERRY and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 4776: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4785: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 4787: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4810: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. NORCROSS . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. ROKITA . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi and Mr. ROKITA . H.J. Res. 22: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.J. Res. 84: Mrs. LUMMIS . H.J. Res. 85: Mrs. NOEM. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. NEUGEBAUER . H. Res. 12: Mr. LAHOOD. H. Res. 130: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 584: Mr. KEATING . H. Res. 591: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. FARR, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Res. 642: Ms. TITUS. H. Res. 645: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Res. 650: Mr. ROYCE . f 
53. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Polk County Board of Commissioners, Tennessee, relative to Resolution No. 1–1–16, supporting Governor Haslam’s Insure Tennessee Initiative; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1613 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 2016 No. 44 
The Senate met at 10 and 05 seconds a.m., and was called to order by the Honorable JOHN CORNYN , a Senator from the State of Texas. 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I submit this statement to publicly express my strong opposition to H. Res. 639. I will vote against this resolution as I have already signed onto an amicus brief to the Supreme Court supporting President Obama’s Executive Action on deferred action. Today, Speaker RYANbrought a completely partisan resolution to the House Floor. H. Res. 639 would grant him the power to file an amicus brief with the Supreme Court on behalf of the entire House of Representatives to support the onesided position of only 26 GOPcontrolled states in the partisan lawsuit of United States v. Texas. These states are claiming that the Administration did not have the legal authority under the laws of the United States to issue its Immigration Executive Action in November 2014. Speaker RYAN does not reflect my view or the view of many of my fellow colleagues on the Hill. What Speaker RYAN ignores is that every single Democratic and Republican President since Eisenhower has used that authority to take action on immigration, including six Republican Presidents, and as recently as 2012, the Supreme Court, including Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy, recognized the legitimacy of Executive Branch discretion in immigration. Last year, I joined 181 House Democrats in signing an amicus brief in support of President Obama’s Executive Action on immigration because the deferred action programs derive from the Executive Branch’s longstanding legal authority to exercise discretion in the enforcement of our immigration laws, to take necessary actions to carry out the Executive’s authority under the Immigration and Nationality Act, and to establish national immigration enforcement policies and priorities. Instead of these divisive and partisan actions, Speaker RYAN should take up comprehensive immigration reform that sets out a path to citizenship for the millions of people leaving in the United States. 
CONDEMNING VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONAL LAW BY THE GOVERNMENT OF SYRIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 14, 2016 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose H. Con. Res. 121. Make no mistake, this is a War Bill—a thinly veiled attempt to use the rationale of ‘‘humanitarianism’’ as a justification for overthrowing the Syrian government of Assad. Similar resolutions were used in the past to legitimize the regime change wars to overthrow the governments of Iraq and Libya. I will have no part of it. I oppose H. Con. Res. 121 because I oppose more unnecessary, interventionist regime change wars. 
We all know that Bashar alAssad, the President of Syria, is a brutal dictator. But this resolution’s purpose is not merely to recognize him as such. Rather, it is a call to action. Specifically, it is a call to escalate our war to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad. For the last five years, the United States, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and others have been working handinhand to overthrow the Assad government, supposedly for humanitarian reasons. But how has our war to overthrow Assad helped humanity? Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed. Millions have become homeless refugees. Much of the country’s infrastructure has been destroyed. Terrorist organizations like ISIS, AlQaeda, and others have taken over large areas of the country and are engaging in genocide. And now, the same people who are behind this war to overthrow Assad want to escalate that war, and this resolution is an attempt to gin up public support for such an escalation. This resolution urges the Administration to create ‘‘additional mechanisms for the protection of civilians’’ which is coded language for the creation of a socalled ‘‘nofly’’ or ‘‘safe zone.’’ The creation of a ‘‘no fly zone’’ or ‘‘safe zone’’ in Syria would be a major escalation of the war. Such a measure would cost billions of dollars, require tens of thousands of ground troops and a massive U.S. air presence, and it won’t work. Furthermore, it will likely result in a direct confrontation between the United States and Russia. Fortunately, President Obama has thus far resisted pressure to escalate the war in this way. The fact is that the main area in Syria where Christians, Alawites, Shiites, Druze, Yazidis and other religious minorities can practice their faith without fear of persecution is in the Syrian territories where Assad maintains control. Therefore, the overthrow of Assad would worsen the genocidal activities by ISIS, alQaeda and other terrorist organizations against Christians, Alawites, and other Syrian religious minorities. H. Con. Res. 121 could be used to lay the groundwork for the escalation of the present U.S. military action aimed at overthrowing the Assad government. Previous Congresses passed Iraq and Libya resolutions, which were used for remarkably similar ends in several ways. The Iraq resolution was introduced in 1998, and it called upon the United States to ‘‘take steps necessary, including the reprogramming of funds, to ensure United States support for efforts to bring Saddam Hussein and other Iraqi officials to justice.’’ The Libya resolution went further, urging ‘‘the United Nations Security Council to take such further action as may be necessary to protect civilians in Libya from attack, including the possible imposition of a nofly zone over Libyan territory.’’ Both of those statements, while not legally binding, were a part of the public campaign that were later used to build support for U.S. military action. Similarly, H. Con. Res. 121 urging ‘‘the Administration to establish additional mechanisms for the protection of civilians and to ensure consistent and equitable access to humanitarian aid for vulnerable populations’’ could be used for similar ends by a future administration. Of course, there are many differences in the Iraq, Libya and Syria conflicts, as well as the military action taken. But if the U.S. learned nothing else in Iraq and Libya, we should have learned that toppling ruthless dictators in the Middle East creates even more human suffering and strengthens our enemy, groups like ISIS and other terrorist organizations, in those countries. It is undeniable that in both Iraq and Libya, humanitarian conditions today are far worse than they were before those governments were overthrown, and ISIS and other terrorist organizations are more powerful, causing even more human suffering. If the U.S. is successful in its current effort to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad, allowing ISIS, AlQaeda, and other terrorist groups to take over all of Syria, including the Assadcontrolled areas where Christians and other religious minorities remain protected, then the United States will be morally culpable for the genocide that will result. This is exactly what happened when we overthrew Saddam Hussein in Iraq. It is what happened in Libya when we overthrew Muammar Gaddafi. To do the same thing over and over and expect a different outcome is insanity. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Director Rich Burns for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Director Burns to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following biographies. 
BAKER O’BRIEN This year’s Milestones Award Recipient for the Arts category is Baker O’Brien, an established worldclass glass artist and longtime supporter of the arts in Toledo, Ohio. Ms. O’Brien was the sole apprentice of legendary glassmaster Dominick Labino and has been mixing, melting, blowing and casting vividly colored glass for over 30 years. Her work is part of private collections around the world, and some of the more well known recipients of her work include Her Majesty Queen Noor of Jordan, Her Majesty Queen Sirikit of Thailand, Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright, Former Mayor of New York City Rudy Guliani, Dr. C. Everett Koop, China Wildlife Conservation Association of Beijing, Beijing, China, and concert pianist Andre´Watts. Ms. O’Brien has also donated her work to a wide variety of local organizations for fundraising. Over nearly 30 years, she has further supported the development of the arts in the Toledo area by educating docents from the Toledo Museum of Art. These docents, who are primarily women, are on the front lines of public arts education. Ms. O’Brien passionately ensures that they have correct and accurate information to pass along to museum patrons regarding both the art and science of glass. Her lectures and demonstrations include a combination of not only the science and history of glass art, but also the Labino Studio. She has served as a guest artist for the museum on numerous occasions. Outside of her work creating and supporting the arts, Ms. O’Brien has a passion for animals and owns several horses and purebred dogs. This community is truly fortunate to have a local champion for the arts and art education. KATHLEEN ZOUHARY  Kathleen M. Zouhary is this year’s Milestones Awards Recipient for her work advancing women in Business. Ms. Zouhary is a lawyer by trade and became one of the first female partners in the law firm of Fuller and Henry in 1981. Her distinguished legal career is punctuated by other firsts, such as becoming the first VicePresident and General Counsel for St. Luke’s Hospital in Toledo. She also served as the VicePresident and General Counsel for Ohio Care Health System, Inc. Her wisdom and expertise assisted physicians, board members, and executives in fulfilling the mission of providing healthcare to Toledoarea residents. Ms. Zouhary currently owns her own business, Zouhary Dispute Resolution, which provides many forms of dispute resolution services to the financial and health care communities. In addition to her professional work, Ms. Zouhary has served on the Susan G. Komen Board for many years, the Miami University Board of Trustees, and the Toledo Legal Aid 
Society Board of Trustees. She has selflessly given her time and expertise to organizations which support health, education, and access to legal services. She has served as a mentor to other women and is known for her inspiring perseverance, patience, and professionalism in eliminating barriers to success for women of all walks of life. She is an active member of the Toledo Women’s Bar Association, Ohio Women’s Bar Association, and several other professional groups. Her colleagues have described her approach as ‘‘grace under fire,’’ and she is certainly an inspiration to businesswomen in the Toledo community. Ms. Zouhary’s dedication and integrity make her an outstanding role model for Toledo women, including her two daughters Katie Marie and Alexis, who are now both successful attorneys in their own right. JULIE RUBINI  Julie K. Rubini is the 2016 Milestones Award Recipient in the field of Education. She is the founder of Claire’s Day, which is the largest Children’s Book Festival and literacy awards program in the Toledo community. Ms. Rubini is an author with published books such as ‘‘Hidden Ohio’’ and ‘‘Missing Millie Benson.’’ Her work has provided children and families the opportunity to be lifelong readers. Her daughter, Claim Lynsey Rubin, passed away suddenly in 2000 as a result of a rare heart condition. To honor her daughter’s legacy, Ms. Rubini established Claire’s Day in 2001. At that time, Claire’s Day was a one day free family book festival to encourage reading, storytelling, music and education. In 2011, in conjunction with her husband Brad, Claire’s Day formed a board of trustees to provide oversight, governance, and long term leadership for the organization. The organization has brought many female authors to speak at local schools. In 2015, Claire’s Day merged with Read for Literacy, and Ms. Rubini continues to serve on the Emeritus Board of Read for Literacy. She also volunteers her time to advance literacy programming in all of Northwest Ohio. She received the Jefferson Award for Community Service for this work. In addition, Ms. Rubini serves on Maumee City Council. Ms. Rubini’s work, both professionally and philanthropically, is dedicated to helping others and supporting literacy among children and families. Out of tragedy she was inspired to use her time, talent, and determination to support literacy in the Toledo area and beyond. MAYOR PAULA HICKSHUDSON  Paula HicksHudson is the 2016 Milestones Awards Recipient for her contributions to Government in Toledo, Ohio. Throughout her 35year career she has worked with underserved women in various governmental capacities, culminating in her recent role as the first AfricanAmerican woman to serve as Mayor of Toledo. Paula HicksHudson’s path to Mayor has consistently shown her dedication to the underrepresented populations of Toledo. She worked to protect the rights of young women and juveniles when serving as assistant Lucas County Prosecutor, Assistant Public Defender, and Assistant State Attorney General. From 1998 to 2002 she served as the Legislative Director of the Toledo City Council. Afterwards, she was the Director and Deputy Director of the Lucas County Board of Elections, ensuring access to the electoral process for Lucas County residents. Additionally, Mayor HicksHudson worked as the chief legal counsel to the Ohio Office of Budget and Management under Governor Ted Strickland. She is most recently known for serving on the Toledo City Council for four years, prior to becoming Mayor of Toledo. Outside of her contributions through her career, Mayor HicksHudson has served as variety of organizations in support of women and minorities, including the Coalition for Quality Education, the NAACP, the Fredrick Douglass Community Center, the African American Law Enforcement Agents, and the state and national Federations of Business and Professional Women, Inc. Her work has earned her recognition by the Urban Minority Alcohol and Drug Outreach Program. In addition to these roles Mayor Hicks Hudson has also volunteered her time to the YWCA in support of empowering women. She has maintained the highest levels of service in leadership and truly improved the quality of life for all those in our community, especially women and children. DR. PAMOATIS, MD Dr. Pamela Oatis is this year’s Milestones Award Recipient in the Sciences category, but her contributions to this area go far beyond scientific endeavors. Dr. Oatis has been a pediatrician, primary and palliative care provider for Toledoarea patients for the past 30 years. Dr. Oatis’s contributions to this area have achieved significant recognition outside of the YWCA. She was selected by the American Chapter of Pediatrics as the 2011 Outstanding Physician of the Year for the entire state of Ohio. She also developed the CATCH program, which ensures community access to child health, and provides oversight to the Healthy Tomorrow program. She is involved in the development of medical ethics and has also led several hundred workshops, groups and classes for women’s health on a national and international level. Dr. Oatis also devotes her time to teaching and providing regional leadership for Re evaluation Counseling—a community peer listening program. In addition to this work, she was the initiating physician champion for the MedicalLegal Partnership for Children and is a certified instructor of Building Emotional Understanding from the international Hand in Hand Parenting. Dr. Oatis, like her mother, Ruth, has been a lifelong advocate for women. She works tirelessly to advance and empower women of all ages to take charge of their health. For recreation, she competes in Olympic distance triathlons and has competed on a national and international level. DR. CELIA WILLIAMSON  Celia Williamson, Ph.D. is the 2016 Milestones Awards recipient in the field of Social Services. Dr. Williamson received her B.A. in Social Work from the University of Toledo, and went on to earn a Masters Degree in the field from Case Western Reserve University as well as her Ph.D from Indiana University. She has used this training to devote the past 20 years toward responding to social injustice, particularly the abuses of women who are victims of human trafficking. Dr. Williamson founded the first antitrafficking program in Ohio in 1993, long before the human trafficking conversation came to the forefront. As a social worker, Dr. Williamson founded the Second Chance program, now known as RISE, in Lucas County. RISE continues to work with women and girls who were victims of the human trafficking industry. Her academic work includes 9 completed studies, 17 articles, and 2 edited books on sex trafficking. Her work was recognized via federal funding from 2002 through 2012 to conduct research in this area. In fact, she has been awarded research grants totaling over $1 million to assist vulnerable women and trafficked youth. As an activist and community organizer, Dr. Williamson founded the International Human Trafficking and Social Justice Conference, and chairs the Research and Analysis Subcommittee for the Ohio Attorney General’s Human Trafficking Commission. Her devotion to helping the most vulnerable women in our community is undeniable, as she was instrumental in securing an FBI task force in Lucas County to address the issue of rescuing children from Toledo’s sex trade. Dr. Williamson also devotes her time to teaching interns who are interested in addressing the issue of human trafficking, and she has been a lifelong educator on oppression and social justice. Dr. Williamson has received much recognition for her work in social services, and truly embodies the YWCA’s mission. Her work to address the issue of ‘‘modem slavery through human trafficking has cemented her status as an inspiration to women in Toledo and throughout the country. ADRIENNE GREEN  This year’s Milestones Award recipient for Volunteerism is Adrienne Green. Ms. Green was selected for her outstanding leadership and tireless efforts in raising awareness about the importance of volunteerism in the Toledo community. Although Ms. Green is not originally from Toledo, she is deeply passionate about the impact volunteers play in improving the lives of Toledoarea residents, especially women in need, and has consistently demonstrated her commitment by serving in a variety of volunteer leadership roles. For example, Ms. Green has had an active role in the ProMedica Toledo Hospital board, the Women’s Initiative of the United Way, Read for Literacy, Maumee Valley Habitat for Humanity, Toledo Chapter of the Links, Zonta Club Toledo I, International, and Big Brothers Big Sisters. Many of these endeavors overlap with the mission of the YWCA by providing services and opportunities for women, especially those with limited resources. In addition to this work, Ms. Green works as a project manager at Owens Corning. She has consistently been willing to take on difficult tasks to support the community when others may be reluctant to do so. Her friends and colleagues have described her as ‘‘always helping someone, without hesitation.’’ In 2015, she served on the Girl Scouts of Western Ohio Women of Distinction Committee, which selects exceptional women honorees leading the way for future female leaders. Ms. Green is a role model for women everywhere, proving that one can combine both professional and philanthropic goals to help her community. She is truly a leader by example and has generously invested her time and resources to support volunteer efforts in Toledo and beyond. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Ruth Revels who passed away on March 14, 2016, at the age of 79. Throughout her life, Mrs. Revels was an unwavering advocate for the Lumbee Tribe and American Indians in the state of North Carolina, and she will be greatly missed by all who had the pleasure of knowing her. I send my prayers and sincerest condolences to Mrs. Revels’ family and the entire Lumbee Tribe during this difficult time. Mrs. Revels was born in Robeson County, North Carolina during the 1940’s, a period that 
was marked by segregation and the unequal treatment of minority communities, including American Indians. Her personal experiences during her childhood, along with her desire to help young people reach their full potential, inspired Mrs. Revels to become a teacher at her former high school, Pembroke High School, which at the time was the only school in the area where Indian students could attend. She later went on to teach at Ragsdale High School in Jamestown, North Carolina for 14 additional years. Mrs. Revels was a recognized leader in the state of North Carolina for her lifelong efforts on issues important to the Lumbee Tribe and American Indians. In addition to becoming the Executive Director of the Guilford Native American Association, where she served for over 20 years, Mrs. Revels was a member of the North Carolina Commission of Indian Affairs since 2003. In a testament to her leadership on this issue, Governor Pat McCrory appointed Mrs. Revels as the Chairwoman of the Commission in 2013. Mrs. Revels was a pillar of the American Indian community in North Carolina, and her work will long be remembered for having a profound impact on many generations. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in remembering the life of Ruth Revels and celebrating her legacy that undoubtedly offers American Indians in North Carolina a brighter and more prosperous future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN rise to recognize and honor District Manager Este Stifel for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with District Manager Stifel to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, to Washington, DC for the Nuclear Security Summit. I have been a supporter of Kazakhstan for many years now, not only in regards to their admirable work in the area of nuclear nonproliferation, but also in advocating for their opportunity to Chair the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE)—a position the country attained and served ably in 2010. There are of course myriad reasons to celebrate the strong relationship between the United States and Kazakhstan, but certainly we would all agree that Kazakhstan’s work to rid our world of nuclear weapons, and its work to develop safe nuclear power, are foremost among them. Countries like the United States and Kazakhstan come together at Nuclear Security Summits to work toward securing vulnerable nuclear materials, countering nuclear smuggling and thwarting attempts at nuclear terrorism. This is a mission in which Kazakhstan has been a welcomed world leader. Indeed, just four short years after achieving independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, Kazakhstan had destroyed all of their nuclear weapons and joined the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty as a nonnuclear weapons state. By the year 2000, it had destroyed its nuclear testing infrastructure at Semipalatinsk. Not only has Kazakhstan, under President Nazarbayev’s strong leadership, taken the lead in eliminating nuclear weapons, it has also worked tirelessly to create a system in which nuclear energy may be used in a safe, secure and peaceful manner. This was most recently witnessed in Kazakhstan’s willingness to host the International Atomic Energy Agency’s lowenriched uranium fuel bank. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that our continuing friendship with Kazakhstan is of the utmost importance. President Nazarbayev and the people of Kazakhstan made a principled decision years ago to lead the effort in ridding the world of nuclear weapons. This effort deserves the unqualified praise and support of not only the United States, but the entire international community. Again, I welcome President Nazarbayev to Washington, DC for the Fourth Nuclear Security Summit and wish all involved great success as they work to make our world a safer place for future generations around the world. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PROMOTING NATIONAL SERVICE AND REDUCING UNEMPLOYMENT ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Promoting National Service and Reducing Unemployment Act, to address one of the greatest workforce tragedies resulting from today’s economy—our unemployed young people—and to spur economic growth and alleviate strain on state and local governments. This tragedy is not only hurting our young people, it is costing our government $25 billion each year through lost tax revenue and other costs. Unemployment has reached a new low of 4.9 percent, but my bill targets the 2.2 million young people who have not had a fair chance to ever use their high school and college education, which this nation has strongly urged them to get. What is particularly disappointing is the high unemployment rate for young people who heeded our advice to graduate from high school and college, only to try to enter the workforce in the worst economy in generations. The total unemployment rate is currently 10.6 percent for young adults aged 16 to 24, and hundreds of thousands now compete for unpaid internships wherever they can find them. By significantly expanding AmeriCorps, my bill would need no new administrative structure or bureaucracy, and would allow unemployed young people to earn a stipend, obtain work experience, and develop a good work history to help them secure future employment. The net cost of the expansion would be low, because these young people would be providing urgently needed local services that are being dropped or curtailed because of federal, state, and local budget cuts, such as afterschool programs, tutoring, and assistance for the elderly. The bill would significantly expand job opportunities for young people who have played by the rules but despite their best efforts remain unemployed in this economy. Participants receive a living allowance and are also eligible for an education award equal to the value of a Pell grant, for schoolloan forbearance, health care benefits and child care assistance. By expanding the AmeriCorps program, we would reduce the number of unemployed young people, provide them with work skills and experience, and help cashstrapped states and local governments provide services that they would otherwise have to cut. For some time, it has been clear that policies to address the most stubborn forms of unemployment need to be targeted in order to be effective. Without significant targeting, young graduates will continue to face their first years as adults without jobs and with no way to acquire work experience. They deserve better. I ask my colleagues to support this urgently needed targeted assistance for young, unemployed Americans. 
HONORING ACTING ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF THE BLM NATIONAL CONSERVATION LANDS, ABBIE JOSSIE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Assistant Director Abbie Jossie for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Assistant Director Jossie to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 111, 112 and 113. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 111, 112 and 113. CONGRATULATING THE ROMEO BULLDOGS HOCKEY TEAM ON WINNING THE DIVISION 2 MICHIGAN STATE CHAMPIONSHIP HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct privilege to recognize a special achievement recently accomplished by the Romeo Bulldogs High School Hockey Team. Romeo capped off a remarkable and extremely memorable 2015–2016 season by taking home to Macomb County the school’s first ever Michigan High School Athletic Association (MHSAA) Division 2 State Championship. After a hard fought season, the Bulldogs finished with an overall record of 27–2–1 and charged into the playoffs facing off against tough competition before stunning the Livonia Stevenson Spartans at the USA Hockey Arena in Plymouth. In his second year as head coach, Nick Badder and his team have had great success. Last year’s team won 20 regular season games for the first time in school history and was crowned the regional champion. But, Coach Badder and the rest of the team knew they could achieve more. There is always a learning curve for head coaches, but Coach Badder did not waste much time in turning the Romeo Bulldogs into champions. With hockey in his veins from playing NCAA hockey for the Central Michigan Chippewas, Coach Badder used both his youth and hockey experience to relate and teach the 22 young men to be better players, teammates and students. Coach Badder knew he had a fast and physical team, but they needed to focus on the details and play a better defensive game. All of these attributes came together at precisely the right time and the Romeo Bulldogs are now State Champions. Before making it to the State Championship game, the Romeo Bulldogs faced many competitors in the tournament. The Bulldogs faced a Davison team coming off of a 6–0 win over Lapeer and defeated them 8–3 in the preregional final. Next, Romeo faced Port Huron Northern and beat them by a score of 7–1 in the regional final. From there, the Romeo Bulldogs faced the Anchor Bay Tars at Suburban Ice Arena and bested them 8–3 in the quarterfinal. In the semifinals, Romeo faced a tough Ada Forest Hills Eastern team. This was Romeo’s toughest test yet, but the Bulldogs remained unscathed in the playoffs with a 5–2 victory. With their sights on the championship, the Romeo Bulldogs would play in one final game and face their toughest challenge of the season. The Livonia Stevenson Spartans were now the only team that separated them from history. The Livonia Stevenson Spartans won the state championship in 2013 and finished as last year’s runnerup, while the Romeo Bulldogs had never appeared in a championship game. The perennial powerhouse Spartans had the wind at their backs and history on their side, but history was about to change. Seven minutes into the game, Junior forward Brett Lanski scored to give Romeo a 1–0 lead. Stevenson scored less than four minutes later to even the score. Not long after, Logan Jenuwine scored a power play goal to give Romeo a 2–1 lead. In the next five minutes, Stevenson would score three goals to take a 4–2 lead. Coach Badder decided to call a crucial time out at this point to settle his team and slow the pace of the game. This decision proved to be a critical turning point in the game. Brett Lanski went on to score his second goal of the game, putting the Bulldogs within one shot of a tie. Less than a minute later, Luke Kaczor deflected defenseman Logan Ganfield’s shot to tie the game with a minute and a half left in the period. In the third period, Stevenson received a five minute major for headbutting that put Romeo on a critical power play. The Bulldogs took advantage and Logan Jenuwine scored his second of the game giving Romeo a 5–4 lead. Steven Morris capped off the comeback victory with an empty net goal that sealed the 6–4 victory for the Romeo Bulldogs. The Bulldogs throughout the season exhibited all the qualities that make up a championship hockey team: heart, discipline and a positive attitude. As legendary Hall of Fame Defenseman Paul Coffey once said, ‘‘Hockey’s a funny game You have to prove yourself every shift, every game. It’s not up to anybody else. You have to take pride in yourself.’’ I applaud these young men for remaining both mentally and physically ready to compete. In addition, I want to commend the Bulldogs for staying energized and focused each time they stepped on to the ice. I understand this can be an extremely difficult task considering the numerous pressures and distractions high school studentathletes can encounter. I wish to recognize the hard work and sportsmanship displayed by all the members of this hockey team. These individuals are: Harrison Hunt, Brett Lanski, Zach Peters, Lorenzo Evangelista, Frank Ruffino, Logan Ganfield, Blake Gabler, Jacob Sunderlik, Chase Gillem, Andrew Cate, Luke Kaczor, Ryan Peters, Joey Morris, Jake Petri, Dan Geffert, Nick Blankenburg, Nolan Kare, Garrett Ganfield, Steven Morris, Max Citro, Logan Jenuwine, and Grant Williams along with Head Coach Nick Badder, and Assistant Coaches Adam Krefski, Brennan Cavanagh and Kyle White, Athletic Trainer Kim Ostrolencki and Manager Kim Gamble. I also want to congratulate administrators, teachers, cheerleaders, parents, students and fans alike for their assistance and for making this an unforgettable season. The Bulldogs proved they had the skill, heart and resilience to rise to the challenge and accomplish their ultimate goal—a State Championship. Teamwork, perseverance and friendship all contributed to this title as well. I know the community takes great pride in what these young men were able to achieve. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I share that same pride. I want to offer my personal congratulations. All the accolades, awards and trophies are rightfully deserved. Way to go Bulldogs. 
HONORING DISTRICT DIRECTOR FOR THE HONORABLE SENATOR BARBARA BOXER, TOM BOHIGIAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and 
Representative H UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Director Tom Bohigian for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates like Mr. Bohigian. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Mr. Bohigian to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of one of my distinguished and active constituents, Mr. Bill Rotch, on his 100th birthday; he is a beloved member of the Peterborough, NH community that I am proud to represent in Congress. On March 28, 2016, Bill will celebrate his 100th birthday. We commemorate Bill’s birthday with awe and inspiration as he is a true example of what has made the Granite State such a strong and vibrant place. Bill Rotch was the publisher and editor of The Cabinet, an iconic New Hampshire newspaper, for many decades. Last year Mr. Rotch was recognized with the Boston Post Cane, an honor bestowed upon the oldest resident of Peterborough. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the 100th birthday of one of my most engaged constituents, Bill Rotch. I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating this milestone in his remarkable life. CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WALLA WALLA FRONTIER DAYS HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 150th Anniversary of the Walla Walla Frontier Days. I am extremely proud to represent Walla Walla in Congress. The Walla Walla Valley is one of the most fertile agricultural areas in the nation, producing crops such as wheat, asparagus, strawberries, and of course, Walla Walla Sweet Onions. Yet, with more than 100 wineries, the area is also known as world class wine country. The Walla Walla Frontier Days is the oldest fair in the state of Washington. According to the history of the Walla Walla County Fair and Fairgrounds: In 1866, the Walla Walla Agricultural Society staged a large agricultural and industrial exposition to showcase the valley crops and the latest farming methods. This event, the first county fair, was held on the horsetrack racing grounds which had been built in 1862 three miles west of the then city limits. Throughout the years, the fair was known by many names, hosted at many locations throughout the county, and governed by many civic organizations in the area. In 1906, the historic pavilion was built for a fruit exhibit and concert hall. In 1913, the management decided to inaugurate a new order of business and as a result the ‘‘Frontier Days’’ came into existence with its spectacular display of bull dogging, relay races, stagecoach races, cowboys, cowgirls and other local participants representing one of the last stands of the ‘‘Wild West.’’ Walla Walla County purchased the present Fairgrounds in 1923 and after two years of the successful pageant ‘‘How the West was Won,’’ the fair came back under sponsorship of the Walla Walla County Farm Bureau. The next year, the Farm Bureau was joined by the Chamber of Commerce as the two sponsoring groups. In 1935, Fair royalty was an added element and young ladies from the region competed and this tradition has continued to date, with the exception of the World War II years. In 1939, as an acknowledgment of commitment to the Fair, the committee added an annual parade marshal to the Frontier Days parade. In 1974, world class country entertainment was added to the annual fair. In 2008, the Rodeo Legends award was implemented acknowledging the outstanding men and women of the valley who have attained a high level of achievement in the sport of Rodeo. Throughout the years, the 4–H and Future Farmers of America programs have become the annual showcase of the region’s younger population, fostering the next generation of the agricultural community. The remarkable legacy of the Walla Walla Frontier Days would not have been possible without the dedication and commitment of the Fair’s board members and managers, elected officials, community leaders, businesses, sponsors, and most importantly, thousands of community volunteers who collectively have maintained a steadfast commitment to ensuring its success. Although much has changed about the Frontier Days over the past 150 years, its importance to communities throughout Southeastern Washington has remained constant. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all of our colleagues join me in celebrating the sesquicentennial anniversary of the oldest fair in the state of Washington, the Walla Walla Frontier Days. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Chief Tom Tidwell for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Chief Tidwell to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the national liberal media routinely ignore scandals 
that involve Democrats and fail to provide all the facts when a Republican is involved. In 2014, the media hyped the indictment of Texas Governor Rick Perry. According to the Media Research Center, ABC, CBS and NBC spent 25 minutes on the subject over the course of two days. Governor Perry’s charges recently were dismissed. This significant event was not covered by any of the three networks’ evening news shows or their morning news shows. Not a single minute. Apparently, when it comes to a high profile Republican, only the alleged bad news counts. The media’s bias is obvious. Maybe that’s why 60 percent of Americans have little or no confidence in the national media to report the news fully, accurately and fairly, according to Gallup. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 150th anniversary of Inyo County, California, which was established by the California State Legislature on March 22, 1866. Inyo County is home to many famous landmarks, including Death Valley National Park and Mount Whitney, the highest peak in the continental United States. On March 22, 2016, the Inyo County Board of Supervisors will be hosting a formal ceremony in celebration of this remarkable milestone. While I won’t be able to attend this special event, I look forward to visiting this beautiful part of our country later this year for the world famous Mule Days celebration. Again, congratulation to the citizens of Inyo County, who will be celebrating the 150th anniversary on March 22, 2016. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Supervisor Ann Carlson for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Supervisor Carlson to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bishop Charlie Green, Jr. of Sikeston, Missouri for his admirable career of service to the community. He has been an exemplary religious leader, businessman, and civil activist in Sikeston for over three decades. Growing up in Sikeston, Bishop Green attended Lincoln High School where he was the captain of the basketball team. After high school, he served as a paratrooper in the U.S. Army before working as a clerk typist in the Army Material Command for Captains. Following his military service, Green earned his degree in marketing and management from Missouri University in St. Louis, as well as his degree in Life Underwriter Training Council from St. Louis University. He also holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree in theology from Cross Roads Divinity School, and earned his doctorate in theology from Triune Biblical University in Kelso, Washington. In 1974, Green returned to Sikeston after the death of his father to serve as the pastor of Green Memorial Church of God in Christ. After six years as pastor, he was elected as presiding bishop of the Church of God in Christ in 1981. He is also the founder and president of Green Memorial Biblical University. Additionally, he has served the community as president of the Sikeston Branch of the NAACP, member of the Board of Directors of Bootheel Legal Services, and founder of the Sikeston Community Credit Union where he serves as chairman of the Board of Directors. For these accomplishments and contributions to his community, it is my great pleasure to recognize Bishop Charlie Green, Jr. before the U.S. House of Representatives. SOUTHEASTERN MARINE CORPS LEAGUE CONFERENCE HON. RICK W. ALLEN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary service of our Marine Corps. The 12th District of Georgia is extremely proud of our strong military presence and the role that all the military men and women play in keeping our nation free. The Marines here in Georgia and all around the world make incredible sacrifices every day and we could not be more thankful for them and their families. It is with great honor that Augusta hosts the Southeastern Marine Corps League Conference this year. The conference is sponsored by the Jimmie Dyess Chapter of the Marine Corps League and features a performance by the Parris Island Marine Corps Band. The Lt. Col Jimmie Dyess MCL Detachment 921 is a proud sponsor of the 2016 MCL Southeast Regional Division Conference in Augusta, Georgia. The Detachment is named for Lt. Col Aquilla James ‘‘Jimmie’’ Dyess, a remarkable Georgian who is the only American to have received both the Medal of Honor and the Carnegie Medal for Civilian Heroism. A graduate of Clemson University, Dyess accomplished many great things in his too short life. He was appointed a first lieutenant in the Marine Corps Reserve in 1936, and one year later was awarded the bronze star as a shooting member on the Marine Corps Rifle Team. He was killed by enemy gun fire on February 2, 1944 while leading his infantry in an attack against the Japanese on the island of Namur. The Lt. Col Jimmie Dyess MCL Detachment 921 and many other Southeast Divisions support various programs that promote and honor the spirit and traditions of the Marines, including the Boy Scouts of America, the U.S. Marines Youth Physical Fitness Program, and MarinesforMarines: Wounded Marines Program. Performing at the Conference this year is the Parris Island Marine Band, from Parris Island, South Carolina. Consisting of one officer and 50 enlisted Marines, the band is one of the leading musical units in the United States military. The band was founded in 1915 and has continued to perform for their country in exciting and versatile concerts ever since. They perform all around the United States, always displaying their dedication to upholding the high standards and traditions of the United States Marine Corps. Their dignified musical expertise, culminated with great military pride and efficiency, sets the United States Marine field bands apart from any other military unit. The valiant efforts made by our Marines and all of the United States military do not go unnoticed. The support we can offer them is nothing compared to the contributions they make for this great nation every day. Every active duty soldier, veteran, and military family member has devoted themselves to the United States, and it is an honor to pay them the respect they deserve. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Forester Randy Moore for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Forester Moore to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
OPPOSE THE AIRR ACT PROTECT MEAL AND REST BREAKS AND FAIR PAY FOR TRUCKERS 
PART A : PREEMPTING STATE MEAL AND REST BREAK  
Section 611 preempts existing State meal or rest break laws, many of which have been on the books for decades, in 21 States. If enacted, Section 611 will prevent truck drivers who work exclusively within a single State from being protected by that State’s wage and hour laws. I agree that if a truck driver is operating long haul, through several States, having to comply with new rest or meal break requirements every time the driver crosses a State line is confusing and impedes interstate commerce. The Dilts case was not a case that affected drivers moving goods from coast to coast—it was a case involving local appliance delivery drivers who never left California. The trucking companies supporting Section 611 argue that a driver would have to pull off the road at inconvenient times or in potentially unsafe situations to take a break. That is simply not true. In fact, case law has specifically established that employers do not have to require employees to take a break—they simply must permit it by relieving employees of duties or pay employees for the time. Moreover, it is disingenuous for some in the trucking industry to imply that the need for this legislative fix was caused by one ‘‘rogue’’ Ninth Circuit court decision. California changed its meal and rest break law in 2000— 16 years ago—to provide a monetary remedy of an additional hour of pay to an employee if an employer does not allow for a meal or a rest break. The 2014 Dilts decision regarding meal and rest breaks cites multiple cases setting the precedent for the decision. In addition, the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) filed an amicus brief in this case in support of the drivers, marking the first time the Federal Government has taken a position on intrastate preemption. DOT argues that there is a presumption against preemption in areas of traditional State ‘‘police power’’ or control, and that labor laws are a clear area of traditional State control. DOT also notes that Federal rules requiring a 30minute rest break do not apply to shorthaul drivers. Therefore, if Section 611 were enacted, shorthaul intrastate drivers would not receive any rest break protection under Federal or State law. DOT’s brief also cites a finding from a decision by the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, well known for its probusiness decisions, in a trucking case that found that any changes to economic inputs may raise the cost of doing business, but that does not rise to the level of challenging preemption. In S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc. v. Transport Corp. of America, Inc., 697 F.3d 544 (7th Cir. 2012), the Seventh Circuit found: [L]abor inputs are affected by a network of labor laws, including minimum wage laws, worker safety laws, antidiscrimination laws and pension regulations. Capital is regulated by banking laws, securities rules, and tax laws, among others. Technology is heavily influenced by intellectual property laws. Changes to these background laws will ultimately affect the cost of these inputs, and thus, in turn, the price . . . or service of the outputs. Yet no one thinks that the ADA or the FAAAA preempts these and the many comparable State laws. S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., 697 F.3d at 558. 
The Ninth Circuit’s Dilts decision very clearly spells out that California’s labor laws, particularly related to intrastate truck drivers in this case, are not be preempted under the 1994 F4A preemption provision: 
Although we have in the past confronted close cases that have required us to struggle with the ‘‘related to’’ test, and refine our principles of FAAAA preemption, we do not think that this is one of them. In light of the FAAAA preemption principles outlined above, California’s meal and rest break laws plainly are not the sorts of laws ‘related to’ prices, routes, or services that Congress intended to preempt. They do not set prices, mandate or prohibit certain routes, or tell motor carriers what services they may or may not provide, either directly or indirectly . . . They are normal background rules for almost all employers doing business in the state of California. Dilts, 769 F.3d at 647. 
drivers who operate under one set of rules, in one State, coverage under laws designed to ensure adequate rest on the job. The language also legislatively overturns a body of case law that has consistently upheld labor protections for truck drivers. 
Section 611 has no place in a Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill. This is a trucking issue. Last year, the Conference Committee on the FAST Act (P.L. 114–94) rejected this identical language. I strongly opposed this provision in the FAST Act and continue to strongly oppose it in this bill. Section 611 is strongly opposed by the Teamsters, safety advocates, and the American Association for Justice. The trucking industry is split on Section 611. Smaller owner operators—which represent more than 90 percent of the companies in the industry—strongly oppose Section 611. If the intent is really to solve an interstate commerce problem, this language completely—and purposefully—misses the mark. It is an expansive hacking away at the ability of a State to promote healthy working conditions for truck drivers. 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAY M. ROBINSON HIGH SCHOOL WINNING THE NORTH CAROLINA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION 3A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Jay M. Robinson High School Bulldogs for winning the North Carolina High School Athletic Association (NCHSAA) 3A Men’s Basketball Championship on March 12, 2016. The Bulldogs won the game by a score of 59–55, finishing the season with an impressive 29–3 record. The season could not have started better for the Bulldogs, who entered the 2015 HighSchoolOT.com Holiday Invitational tournament having won their first eight games and were playing fantastic team basketball. However, the Bulldogs lost two of the three games they played during the tournament and lost another game just a week later in overtime. Many teams would not be able to regroup after such a disappointing stretch of games, but these Bulldogs are not like many other teams. The team rallied around one another to win every remaining game during their regular season, winning the South Piedmont Conference championship, and earning a berth in the NCHSSA 3A Men’s Basketball Tournament. After battling through five challenging games in the tournament, the Bulldogs met Terry Sanford High School, the defending state champions, in the state championship game. What was an entertaining contest quickly turned into a characterdefining moment for the Bulldogs. With only fifteen seconds left in the game, the Bulldogs took their first lead of the second half and defended their basket as Terry Sanford made one final attempt to tie or win the game. After a third shot from Terry Sanford missed the mark, both teams franticly scrambled to secure the rebound. With less than one second left in the game, a Bulldog came up with the rebound and was immediately fouled by a Terry Sanford player. During the ensuing scuffle between the teams 
after the foul, a fan ran onto the court and struck Jay M. Robinson’s Rashon Gray in the head. Rather than escalate the situation and retaliate, the Bulldogs once again rallied around one another. The Bulldogs hit two free throws to clinch the victory and secure the state championship. This moment was a microcosm of the Bulldogs’ entire season and the young men who worked so hard to earn this championship. Whenever the Bulldog’s faced adversity, the players and coaches never wavered from their commitment to the team and kept their eyes on their goal of capturing Jay M. Robinson’s first 3A Championship. In addition to their talent—led by three 1,000 point scorers—the Bulldogs time and again showed the chemistry and mental toughness needed to become champions. Needless to say, this season will long be remembered by the Bulldogs’ players, coaches and fans. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating the Jay M. Robinson High School Men’s Basketball team for winning the 2016 NCHSAA 3A Championship. I look forward to the Bulldogs defending their title next season. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Secretary John Laird for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates like Secretary Laird. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Secretary Laird to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, and 123. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 114, 115 and 123. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121 and 122. 
IN TRIBUTE TO MARTIN OLAV SABO FORMER CONGRESSMAN FROM THE GREAT STATE OF MINNESOTA AND A CHAMPION OF BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Martin Olav Sabo, a great American who served his country with distinction as a Member of this House who passed away on March 13, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at the age of 77. Martin Sabo was born on February 28, 1938, in Crosby, North Dakota, the son of Norwegian immigrants. While growing up he worked the wheat farm that his family owned and operated. In 1959, Martin Sabo earned his baccalaureate degree at Augsburg College in Minneapolis. The following year, 22year old Martin Sabo was elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives, where he served for the next 22 years. In 1963, Martin Sabo met Sylvia, who became his wife and the love of his life, and together they had two wonderful children, Julie and Karin Sabo. In 1973, Martin Sabo was elected by his colleagues to become the 45th Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives, and served in that position until 1979, when he was elected to serve the people of the 5th Congressional District of Minnesota in the U.S. House of Representatives. During his time in Congress Martin Sabo chaired the House Committee on the Budget. Congressman Martin Sabo was a champion of bipartisan legislation. A shining example of his ability to work across the aisle is the effort he led as Budget Chairman to put together and pass the 1993 federal budget and deficit reduction package that resulted in the budget surplus in 1998, the first in almost 30 years. Martin Sabo characterized this collective effort as one of his proudest legislative accomplishments. Despite the sharp increase in divisive political discourse, Congressman Sabo never publicly disparaged another colleague in Congress, Republican or Democrat. Congressman Sabo said that, ‘‘I’ve also tried to treat my colleagues with respect.’’ On March 13, 2016, surrounded by loving family members, Martin Sabo died peacefully at Abbott Northwestern Hospital in Minneapolis. Mr. Speaker, as a former colleague and friend of Martin Olav Sabo, I will miss this great man who put aside partisan politics to focus on great governance. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of our beloved former colleague, Congressman Martin Olav Sabo. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recognize the 27th birthday of the late Alexandra Baker Patterson. On March 21, 1987, Alexandra was born at Arlington Hospital to Jim and Sheryl Patterson of Auburn, Alabama. Within minutes of birth, Alexandra was rushed to Georgetown University Hospital for surgeons to repair a complex cardiac abnormality. After surgery and an extended hospitalization due to complications, Alexandra lived at home with nursing care. She eventually attended public school. Alexandra was fascinated by photographs of eagles in flight and once told her father she wanted to grow up to be an eagle. Today would have been her 27th birthday. For her parents and brother, James, Alexandra is forever an eagle. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life of Alexandra Baker Patterson. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Senator Lois Wolk for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates like Senator Wolk. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists 
for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Senator Wolk to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Domenic Lalli, principal for the Xaverian Brothers High School, on the day of his retirement. Mr. Lalli began his illustrious forty year career at Xaverian Brothers High School as a Physical Education teacher after attending Boston University where he was captain of the football team. During his tenure, he also coached the track and football teams at the high school. His talents for working with students did not go unnoticed. In 1984, he was appointed the Administrator of Students where he excelled at directing student life at the school. After spending 7 years in this role, Mr. Lalli became the Principal of Xaverian where he worked alongside the current Headmaster, Brother Daniel Skala. Together they have had a significant positive impact on the lives and education of the thousands of students that have passed through the halls of Xaverian Brothers High School. Mr. Lalli’s influence on education and athletics is not limited to Xaverian. He is also a former member of the Board of Trustees at Malden Catholic High School in Malden, Massachusetts, Mount St. Joseph High School in Baltimore, Maryland, and St. Bernard School in Uncasville, Connecticut. Additionally, he has served as a member of the Sportsmanship Committee, the Tournament Management Committee, and District H Chair of the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association while also coaching football at Watertown High School. For his contributions to high school athletics, Mr. Lalli was inducted into the Watertown High School Athletics Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Domenic Lalli for his lifetime of dedication to shaping young minds and promoting athleticism. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating him on his retirement and wishing him nothing but the best in his future endeavors. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, on March 14th, my vote on Roll Call 112 was inadvertently not recorded. As a cosponsor of H. Con. Res 75, the resolution being voted on expressing the sense of Congress that those who commit or support atrocities against Christians and other ethnic and religious minorities and who target them specifically for ethnic or religious reasons are committing ‘‘war crimes’’, ‘‘crimes against humanity’’, and ‘‘genocide’’, I intended to vote YES. 
HONORING BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT CALIFORNIA STATE DIRECTOR JERRY PEREZ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative GARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Directory Jerry Perez for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless advocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that represent America’s most treasured public resources. The region’s unique geological formations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuriesold archeological sites will draw curious historians and researchers as they piece together the stories of generations past. And avid bikers, hikers, campers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Congress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this region’s value, the Obama Administration honored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future generations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Islands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privilege working with Director Perez to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
APRIL 5 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the effects of consumer finance regulations. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine recent Iranian actions and implementation of the nuclear deal. SD–419 APRIL 6 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine Federal disaster response and Small Business Administration implementation of the RISE Act. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2304, to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood development, education, including Native language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, S. 2468, to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of Indian education, and S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through additional options in education. SD–628 
APRIL 7 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Semi Annual Report to Congress. SD–538 APRIL 13 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 APRIL 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold joint hearings to examine current trends and changes in the fixedincome markets. SD–538 APRIL 20 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A APRIL 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Additional Coordination and Performance Measurement Needed for HighSpeed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’ SD–628 
The Senate met at 10:00:05 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 10:00:39 a.m. until 11 a.m., on Thursday, March 24, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 public bills, H.R. 4815–4824; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 654–656 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4336, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–459, Part 1); H.R. 4472, to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–460); and H. Res. 653, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016 (H. Rept. 114–461).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Recess: The House recessed at 12:25 p.m. and reconvened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1467 Recess: The House recessed at 2:16 p.m. and reconvened at 4 p.m.
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: National POW/MIA Remembrance Act: H.R. 1670, to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action; 
Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act: S. 192, amended, to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965;
Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016: H.R. 4314, amended, to require a plan to combat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security systems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international border security standards, and authorize the suspension of foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply with such minimum standards, by a 
2⁄3yea andnay vote of 371 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 130; 
Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act: S. 2393, to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction;
Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2016: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4721, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, and to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund; and
Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act: S. 1180, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States.
Recess: The House recessed at 5:32 p.m. and reconvened at 6:30 p.m.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H1469. Senate Referrals: S. 2512 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 2143 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. 483 and S. Con. Res. 34 were held at the desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1491–92. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 7:05 p.m. 
EXAMINING USDA ORGANIZATION AND PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION—PART II Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hearing on March 18, 2016, entitled ‘‘Examining USDA Organization and Program Administration—Part II’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture officials: Robert Bonnie, Under Secretary, Natural Resources and Environment; Alexis Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services; Catherine Woteki, Under Secretary, Research, Education and Economics; and Ed Avalos, Under Secretary, Marketing and Regulatory Programs. AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC AND OUTSIDE WITNESS DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on March 18, 2016, for American Indian and Alaska Native public and outside witnesses. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2745, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for the purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). In section 5, the rule provides that the Committee on Energy and Commerce may, at any time before 4 p.m. on Thursday, March 31, 2016, file a report to accompany H.R. 2666. Testimony was heard from Representatives Marino and Johnson of Georgia. Joint Meetings 
Committee On Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Environmental Protection Agency, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the Defense Health Program, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, budget hearing on the Department of Education, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on the Securities and Exchange Commission, 11 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the National Guard and Reserve, 1:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Drug Enforcement Administration, 2 p.m., H–309 Capitol. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 22 through March 25, 2016 Senate Chamber On Thursday, Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Senate Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, March 23, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Thursday, March 24 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 22 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 4742— Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act, 2) H.R. 4755—Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act, 3) H.R. 482—Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2016, 4) H.R. 2857—To facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, 5) H.R. 4119—Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2016, 6) H.R. 4472—Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act, and 7) H.R. 4336—Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act. Begin consideration of H.R. 2745—Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act (Subject to a Rule). 
HOUSE Allen, Rick W., Ga., E349 Bass, Karen, Calif., E343 Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E347, E352 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E342 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E341 Cook, Paul, Calif., E349 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E350 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E341 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E342, E343 Garamendi, John, Calif., E341 Hardy, Cresent, Nev. E342 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E346 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E353 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E345, E351 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E352 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E344 Keating, William R., Mass., E353 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E348 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E342 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E348 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E347 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E346 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E352 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E343 Smith, Jason, Mo., E349 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E348 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E341 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E344, E346, E347, E347, E348, E349, E350, E352, E352, E353 