Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize HanesBrands, a company headquartered in WinstonSalem, North Carolina, with a long history of innovation, product excellence, and brand recognition. Today HanesBrands is celebrating its 10th anniversary as an independent publicly traded company, which is the largest basic apparel company in the world. It sells highvolume, highquality apparel, and can credit its success to anticipating what the consumer wants and working to meet those needs in value, fit, comfort, and customer service. HanesBrands has been named by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s best large employers and has been honored for workplace practices, community contributions, environmental achievement, and business ethics. A valued corporate partner in the local community, the company and its employees have volunteered countless hours and have made contributions of more than $35 million to charities over the past decade. It is a pleasure to have this outstanding company in North Carolina’s Fifth District. Congratulations, HanesBrands. 
REMEMBERING PAM CLUTE (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, a leader in the Riverside community, a fitness bug, an awardwinning baker, a winner of the Presidential Award of Excellence, a remarkable educator, and a person who died too young just a few weeks ago, in her 40 years in the classroom, Pam Clute inspired thousands of students, many of them young women, to pursue careers in math and science. She founded the ALPHA Center at UC Riverside to get students on track to pursue STEM fields in college. At the same time, Pam organized local partnerships, created a fitness class, and shared her infectious energy with everyone around her. In short, she took every opportunity imaginable to support our community. My thoughts are with her husband, Steve, and the rest of her family. Pam Clute was truly an exemplary woman. She will be missed. 
IN MEMORY OF DON SODERQUIST (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Don Soderquist of Rogers, Arkansas, my neighbor and my friend and one of northwest Arkansas’ most influential leaders, who died July 21 at the age of 82. Mr. Soderquist was the former chief operating officer and vice chairman of WalMart Stores, Incorporated, and he teamed with Walmart founder, Sam Walton, to establish one of the world’s leading companies. Aside from his many achievements in retailing, Mr. Soderquist is also remembered for his philanthropic endeavors and the standards of ethical leadership that guided his life as a businessman and became his passion after retirement. This legacy will live on at the Soderquist Leadership Center at John Brown University in Siloam Springs, Arkansas, which Don helped establish in 1998. It wasn’t long ago, Mr. Speaker, that I had the privilege of inviting Mr. Soderquist to this Chamber to hear his longtime friend Benjamin Netanyahu address a joint session of Congress. I will always remember the warm embrace the Prime Minister gave Don when they met just off the House floor. I join Don’s wife, Jo, and his children— Mark, Wendy, Sandie, and Jeff—the 11 grandchildren, and 1 greatgrandchild in celebrating his wonderful life. 
WE MUST ACT ON PUBLIC HEALTH CRISES (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues and I return to Washington this week, I make a simple request: for this body to take up the public health crises that are facing this Nation. When I am here in Washington, I am sometimes asked by wellmeaning people here on Capitol Hill if the Flint water crisis from my hometown is still going on. Back in Flint, there is no doubt—bottled water, filters, blood tests are still going on all the time. This tragedy in Flint continues. The people I represent back home still can’t go to their tap and get water that is safe to drink, a city of 100,000 people. They are not just people who live in Michigan. They are not just Michiganders. They are Americans, too, and they have a right to have the Federal Government act at their moment of greatest need, at this moment of crisis. Just like aid to Flint, this body needs to act on other crises that are still taking place: the Zika virus, the epidemic of gun violence. People across America have a right to see their Congress act when facing these sorts of challenges. I call on my colleagues: Please, let’s do our job and take up aid to these important efforts. f 
OBAMA’S RANSOM PAYMENT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last month The Augusta Chronicle, August 4, exposed ‘‘The Obama administration . . . has now apparently been caught shipping $400 million in foreign currency to Tehran—coincidentally at the same time the mullahs released four Americans they’d held hostage. ‘‘Wouldn’t you tend to call that ‘ransom’?’’ The Wall Street Journal reports: ‘‘The Obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to Iran that coincided with the January release of four Americans detained in Tehran . . . Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane . . . Iranian press reports have quoted Iranian defense officials describing the cash as a ransom payment.’’ Iran still chants ‘‘death to America, death to Israel’’ with new financing. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the family of Phyllis Schlafly, an American patriot who made a difference for limited government and expanded freedom. 
IANA TRANSITION (Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, it is so exciting to have time to be in our district every day and work, listening to our constituents and hearing what is on their mind. I heard a lot about the lack of broadband expansion in rural America and, likewise, I heard a lot about and many questions arose about what in the world is it that the administration is doing trying to give away the Internet. People couldn’t believe that. Of course, we have heard the administration’s plan to cede control of this, for ICANN to move away from the Commerce Department, and they have assured us: ‘‘Trust us.’’ They have said: ‘‘It is all going to be fine.’’ But now we know they are contemplating and involving U.N. control contrary to what had been reported and planned and promised. The Wall Street Journal, in a recent column, August 28, ‘‘An Internet Giveaway to the U.N.,’’ said this: ‘‘Authoritarian regimes have already proposed Icann become part of the U.N. to make it easier for them to censor the internet globally.’’ The column also notes: ‘‘an independent review within Icann called the organization ‘simply not credible’’’ in its handling of domain name applications. Think about this: We cannot allow control for Russia or China over U.S. free speech. f 
REMEMBERING PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the life and legacy of that relentless patriot Phyllis Schlafly, who died yesterday at the age of 92. We have lost—and Heaven has gained—a great champion of faith, limited constitutional government, and family. Mrs. Schlafly was dedicated first and foremost to God and to her family. She loved this country and fought for the principles and policies she believed we needed. It was these three loves—love of God, family, and country—that fueled her life’s work. Her organization, Eagle Forum, now has around 80,000 members. Though she had many followers devoted to the principles that make America strong, she faced incredible odds and strong opposition in her many political fights. This did not frighten her, and she simply kept moving forward. It was not lost on anyone that this pioneer, this lawyer, this mother of six was a strong and independent woman. Mrs. Schlafly’s dedication to the unborn and leadership in keeping the Republican platform prolife is an inspiration to prolife women and men everywhere. May she rest in peace, and may God be with her family and friends as they mourn her loss. 
CONGRATULATING GENE SAUERS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Gene Sauers of Savannah, Georgia, professional golfer, major champion, and survivor of StevensJohnson syndrome. Mr. Sauers began golfing at 9 years old, turned pro 13 years later, and immediately won the Bank of Boston Classic on the PGA tour, beginning his professional career. However, he received devastating news in 2005, when he was diagnosed with a rare disease known as StevensJohnson syndrome. His condition got worse. He stopped playing golf, and his chance of survival reduced to 25 percent. Miraculously, Mr. Sauers fought for survival and picked up his clubs 7 years later. Last month Gene Sauers won his first major championship by winning the U.S. Senior Open at Scioto Country Club in Ohio. I want to congratulate Mr. Sauers on his major championship victory. His story is one of faith, courage, and strength. We are so very proud of him in Savannah, Georgia. 
HILLARY CLINTON ENDANGERED NATIONAL SECURITY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, here are just the most recent discoveries in the FBI’s notes from interviewing Hillary Clinton: She tried to wipe clean her private email archive only a few weeks after The New York Times disclosed the existence of her private server. Clinton says she did not know the ‘‘C’’ mark meant classified information and did not ‘‘pay attention to different classification levels.’’ Yet she had signed a binding classified information nondisclosure agreement. There were 17,448 workrelated emails that Clinton did not turn over to the State Department inspector general, despite claiming she had done so. She sent an email to all State Department employees warning them against using personal email addresses. She never sought approval to conduct State Department business on her own private mail server. Despite being personally aware of the risk of cybersecurity threats, she continued to use her own unsecure server, endangering national security. 
b1415 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRA TIVE OFFICER , H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 9, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the Circuit Court for Howard County, Maryland. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, PHILKIKO, Chief Administrative Officer. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 29, 2016. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS, Clerk. f 
b1601 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RIGELL ) at 4 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4511) to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collection of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4511 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star Families Voices Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ) and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD on the consideration of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4511, the Gold Star Families Voices Act. The Gold Star Families Voices Act expands the Library of Congress’ Veterans History Project that was created by Congress in the year 2000. Now in its 16th year, the Veterans History Project carries out the mission to collect, preserve, and make accessible America’s war veterans’ accounts of events that occurred during our Nation’s military conflicts. These recordings are publicly available so that we may all benefit from their experience as well as offer future generations a valuable tool to 
learn and better understand the realities of war. Over the years, the Veterans History Project has collected, recorded interviews, as well as memoirs and original photographs, letters, maps, and other documents noting the historical events from conflicts dating back to World War I to recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. In February of this year, the project collected their 100,000 veteran account. Currently, Veterans History Project submissions are limited to firsthand veterans’ accounts. Because of this, the project unintentionally does not collect accounts and histories of servicemembers who did not return from action. Championed by Representative CHRIS SMITH of New Jersey’s Fourth District, this bill will make an important update, allowing the immediate family members of veterans who died as a result of their wartime service or were missing in action to provide stories on behalf of their relatives. The measure before us was reported unanimously out of the Committee on House Administration and has received the support of American Gold Star Mothers, Inc., a group of mothers who have lost a son or daughter while they served on behalf of their country. Stemming from World War I, the families displayed a flag with a blue star to represent each immediate family member who was serving in the Armed Forces. Those whose immediate family members died while serving in the war replaced those blue stars with a gold star to honor their loved one’s sacrifice while they were defending our Nation and the cause of freedom. Following World War I, a group of mothers banded together in their grief and formed the American Gold Star Mothers in 1928. Their organization has expanded nationally, and other groups have formed to support Gold Star Families and Gold Star Spouses. Our Armed Forces and Nation as a whole recognizes not only the fallen men and women who don the uniform and stand in defense of our democracy and liberty, but together, we also honor the families of those brave men and women who have given so much of themselves to our Nation. It is also fitting that the House consider passage of this bill honoring the memory of those fallen during the month of September. While we keep those that serve and have served, as well as their families, in our hearts each and every day, our Nation also annually observes the last Sunday of September as Gold Star Mothers and Gold Star Families Day. Honoring their sacrifice is just one reason why it is important to update the Veterans History Project to include voices of those fallen through our Gold Star families. Our Gold Star families will be able to tell our Nation about their family member’s individual experiences and path that led them to answer the call to service within our Nation’s military branches. These family members will be able to tell us the stories that their loved ones sent home through a letter or a phone call describing their experiences and daily life while serving. So many brave men and women have stood up and responded each time our Nation called, and so many more made the ultimate sacrifice. Preserving the legacies of all those who have contributed to our Nation’s defense is a cornerstone of what it means to be an American. As a country, we are continually strengthened because of the legacies our servicemembers left behind for future generations. This important addition will only enhance the Veterans History Project, the Library of Congress’ overall mission, and the countless current and future individuals who will benefit from access to these cherished memories, as well as our servicemen and women’s sobering accounts discussing the price of war. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4511, Gold Star Families Voices Act. I would like to thank my friend, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, for his leadership on many veterans’ issues and in support of military families, and my friend, Congressman HARPER , for his help today in ensuring that we pass this important bill to recognize Gold Star families. Not long after I was sworn into office, I went to a Memorial Day breakfast in Waterbury, Connecticut, home of many veterans. Every year, they have a Gold Star Families breakfast. At that breakfast, I met a number of families, some who lost loved ones 50 years ago and still carry in their hearts every day the pain of that loss. One of the people I met was Joe Nolan. Joe served proudly in Vietnam. His son, a gifted linguist—in 1999, a college graduate—snuck off to a recruiting station in Philadelphia and signed up to serve. Remember, this is prior to 9/11. He felt that call, like his father had. He served. Tragically, bravely, he lost his life in the Battle of Fallujah in 2004 defending this country. Joe came to me and said: ‘‘You know, Elizabeth, we have this wonderful program for Gold Star Mothers, but I am a dad. And I miss my son every day.’’ That is why I joined with colleagues in this Chamber and we reintroduced the Gold Star Fathers Act, which the President signed into law, to recognize that fathers and mothers of sons and daughters bleed and cry when their children are lost. So today we have an opportunity to recognize some of those families. One of them is Mary Kight. Mary Kight, also from Waterbury, Connecticut, is the proud head of the Gold Star Mothers organization in Connecticut. Her son, Michael, was a helicopter pilot. He flew a Huey in Vietnam. She was devastated when he died, and particularly hurt because it was such a difficult time in the war. She said she felt like her son’s sacrifice meant nothing. Our Nation’s commitment—what we are doing today to recognize her son and give her the opportunity to tell her story—is so important. She has come to embrace the Gold Star Families organization. It has helped her and others to celebrate the lives of their loved ones. Actually, last year she went up in a Huey. She went up in a Huey, much as she does not like to fly, but she thought about her son Michael, and she was quoted as saying, ‘‘I felt closer to him.’’ He died while trying to evacuate wounded soldiers on the battlefield in Vietnam. Stephen Reich, also another proud son of my district—another helicopter pilot—lost his life in 2005. He was attempting to extract a SEAL team and died in Afghanistan. These are only three families of the tens of thousands in this country. Their sacrifice, as much or more than anyone else, deserves to be recorded in the Library of Congress to remind us of the price of freedom, to remind us that we owe them a debt of gratitude. I am sure my friend, Congressman HARPER , like myself, have conducted some of these Veterans History Project interviews. They are really meaningful and they are really important. The history of this country is not only about Presidents and generals and admirals. It is written in the blood of the men and women who served this country, and especially those who never returned. So I am delighted today to join with colleagues and urge all my colleagues to join in not only supporting this legislation, but to make a commitment to go out and find those Gold Star families in your district and make sure they have the opportunity to tell their loved one’s story as part of this country’s great history. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Mr. HARPER , and Ms. E STYfor their strong support for the bill. Ms. ESTY is one of the cosponsors of the bill. I also want to thank Chairwoman MILLER for her leadership and good work in shepherding this important bill through the committee and Ranking Member BRADY for his support of the initiative. I also appreciate the work of the committee staff, including Brad Walvort and Bob Sensenbrenner, and my legislative director, Cate Benedetti, and especially Majority Leader MCCARTHY and Kelly Dixon for posting the bill for consideration this afternoon. I do rise in strong support and urge my colleagues to support the Gold Star 
Families Voices Act, legislation designed to ensure that immediate family members of servicemembers who are killed or missing in action or have died as a result of their service participate in the Library of Congress’ Veterans History Project. Congress created the project, as Mr. HARPER pointed out, to collect and catalog stories of American war veterans. We did this in 2000 to help preserve their memories so that current and future generations may hear and better appreciate the realities of war and the sacrifices borne by those who served in uniform. The project is designed to turn their memories into our history to memorialize the lives of heroes whose selfless sacrifice has contributed, and continues to contribute, to our freedom and liberty and our collective understanding of who we are as a Nation. It has been a great success. In fact, earlier this year, the Library announced that it reached a milestone, with 100,000 veteran stories archived. There are now more than 100,000 testimonies of veterans who served in military engagements since World War I in our permanent record. However, conspicuously missing from the rich project’s history are the veterans who made the ultimate sacrifice. Currently—which this bill will correct—the project accepts only firsthand accounts of living veterans, unintentionally leaving out the men and women who did not return from the battlefield and can no longer speak for themselves. Mr. Speaker, this issue was first brought to my attention by Vietnam veteran Terry Fearon and the New Jersey Gold Star Mothers organization. Its president, Judi Tapper, the proud mother of Petty Officer First Class David Tapper, a Navy SEAL who was killed in Afghanistan on August 20, 2003, recently told me: ‘‘Never in history has there been a forum to replace our heroes’ silenced voices.’’ b1615 Enactment of this bill will help change that. It will ensure we record and remember the lives and sacrifices of all who have served by providing family members the opportunity to create a lasting narrative and living record of their fallen loved ones. This bill is endorsed by the national organization known as the American Gold Star Mothers, whose second vice president, Becky Christmas, said: 
The legislation gives our family, our children, a voice that they no longer have. The Gold Star Families Voices Act will ensure that the experiences and lives of all veterans, including our sons and daughters who fought and died for our country, are remembered, honored and preserved. 
Mr. Speaker, during my quarter of a century of service on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and as we crafted this bill, I have had the great privilege of working with the Gold Star Mothers. They are an incredibly inspiring, committed, and dedicated group of women who have worked tirelessly and successfully to bring about meaningful change to better the lives of servicemembers, veterans, and their families. So I urge my colleagues to pass this bill and honor the men and women who gave ‘‘the last full measure of devotion’’ in the service of our Nation by allowing their family members to tell their stories, so that all Americans can hear, appreciate, remember, and honor these patriots. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I ask my colleagues—urge them—to pass this bill. It is important that we understand the realities of war. This past weekend, many of us participated in parades, earlier this year in the Memorial Day parade, later this year in the Veterans Day parade. But war is not just about parades. War is also about sacrifice, and the Gold Star families know that better than anyone else. This bill gives us the opportunity to let Joe Nolan speak for his son, Joe; to let Mary Kight speak for her son, Michael; to let Ray and Sue Reich speak for their son, Stephen; and for tens of thousands of Americans to speak for their sons and daughters, to do what everyone in combat asks us when they come home, or if they do not: Don’t forget us; please, remember. This bill is a way of honoring that request of everyone who wears the uniform. Make sure that we remember them and that we honor them. I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I am very grateful to my colleagues for their support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed an honor to stand here today in support of this legislation. The inclusion of these accounts from the loved ones of those who have given their lives in service to our Nation will only enrich the Library’s Veterans History Project and our Nation’s narrative memorializing those who have served. The Veterans History Project has provided a wonderful opportunity to pay tribute to our Nation’s veterans, ensuring that their actions and legacies live on for many generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4511, the ‘‘Gold Star Families Voices Act,’’ which allows Gold Star families to submit to the Veterans History Project recordings of biological histories of a service member who was killed in action. Gold Star family members are defined by law as parents, spouses, siblings, or children of members of the Armed Forces who died while serving their country. Current law only allows the personal histories and testimonials from veterans themselves be included in the Veterans History Project archive, which excludes the biographies of veterans who were killed in action during war. Since its passing in 2000, the Veterans History Project has collected the oral history records of over 100,000 veterans who have served in armed conflicts since World War I. Extending the opportunity to participate in the Veterans History Project to Gold Star families would result in nearly 1,000 new collections for the Project. These veterans sacrificed more than can be imagined in order to protect the freedoms and rights that we take for granted every day. Not only did these veterans miss birthdays, anniversaries, and many other holidays to defend the country they loved, but the veterans of these Gold Star families made the ultimate sacrifice by giving what President Lincoln called the ‘‘last full measure of devotion’’ so that their nation might remain free. These brave souls left behind relatives, friends, and loved ones who continue on with memories of the loved and lost to comfort them and, in Lincoln’s words, ‘‘the solemn pride that is theirs in having laid so costly a sacrifice on the altar of freedom.’’ This legislation provides Gold Star families a voice. H.R. 4511 gives Gold Star families the opportunity to share that pride with the nation by telling the story of their fallen loved ones and in doing so ensure these heroes live on not only in the memories of family members but also in the national memory through the Veteran’s History Project. I ask all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 4511, the Gold Star Families Voices Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4511. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5578) to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5578 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016’’. 
The Victims of Crime Act of 1984 is amended by adding after section 1404E (42 U.S.C. 10603e) the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5578, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This summer, the harrowing account of the Stanford rape victim sparked outrage across the United States and around the globe. The survivor’s letter documented in graphic and painstaking detail the complicated, emotional, and overwhelming process facing victims of sexual assault. In her letter, the victim writes: ‘‘The next thing I remember I was in a gurney in a hallway. I had dried blood and bandages on the backs of my hands and elbow. I thought maybe I had fallen and was in an admin office on campus . . . Then, I felt pine needles scratching the back of my neck and started pulling them out of my hair. I thought maybe, the pine needles had fallen from a tree onto my head. My brain was talking my gut into not collapsing. Because my gut was saying, help me, help me. 
‘‘I shuffled from room to room with a blanket wrapped around me, pine needles trailing behind me, I left a little pile in every room I sat in. I was asked to sign papers that said ‘Rape Victim’ and I thought something has really happened. My clothes were confiscated and I stood naked while the nurses held a ruler to various abrasions on my body and photographed them. The three of us worked to comb the pine needles out of my hair.’’ The letter goes on to describe the rest of the forensic exam, her feelings about what happened to her, and her day in court. Her vivid and breathtaking account captured the national spotlight. Unfortunately, she is but one of many who have to go through this ordeal, but what is abundantly clear from this account is the trauma and difficulty sexual assault victims face from the moment they are assaulted. The Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016 makes muchneeded additions to Federal law to give victims of sexual assault additional rights in seeking justice and recovering from their experiences. These additional rights include the right to not be prevented from accessing a medical forensic exam, the right not to be charged for that exam, and the right to know about the results of that exam. Furthermore, the bill requires that the medical exam be preserved throughout the length of the statute of limitations. Additionally, the bill requires that the government provide notice to the victim when it intends to dispose of the collection kit. I continue to be deeply troubled by the number of untested rape kits that remain in this country, despite the Judiciary Committee’s work to increase funding for rape kit testing to reduce this backlog. Nevertheless, these additional rights related to medical exams will ensure that forensic medical kits will, at the very least, be preserved for the length of the statute of limitations, and victims will have notice so they can contest the destruction of those kits. This bill also clarifies that, under existing law, the Justice Department may make discretionary grants from the Crime Victims Fund to States to use those grants to notify victims of existing rights under State law. While this bill does much to address the rights of sexual assault victims under Federal law, States have different sets of applicable victims’ rights that are particular to the State. This provision will ensure that victims will know what rights they have in their particular States. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) for their leadership on this very important piece of legislation. I urge passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : I write in regard to H.R. 5578, Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016, which was recently ordered to be reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 5578 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 5578 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5578 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5578, the ‘‘Survivors’’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered reported favorably to the House on July 18, 2016, I am most appreciative of your decision to forego formal consideration of H.R. 5578 so that it may proceed to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waving formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions in the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. Finally, I am pleased to include this letter and your letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5578, Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE . Chairman, 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, passing the Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act is an important step in enacting protections and ensuring access to justice for many Americans who are survivors of sexual assault. In May, just this last May, I found myself meeting with Amanda Nguyen, Lara McLeod, and Marisa Ferri and their friends in my office as part of Assault Awareness Month. They had asked to meet with me, as the senior woman on the Judiciary Committee, and then they told me I was the first actual Member of Congress whom they had been able to meet with. When I did listen to them, this is what I heard: Amanda Nguyen told me about her rape, that every 6 months she was faced with the choice of reliving her past trauma or having the State of Massachusetts destroy essential evidence that would assist in the prosecution of her rapist: her medical forensic examination, or rape kit. When Amanda sought information on how to prevent her rape kit from being destroyed, police provided conflicting information. She was even told at one point that the kit would be stored indefinitely, which was not correct. She then had to go back and forth between police and State lab techs trying to locate her kit. And even when she found it and got the extension on storing it, the technicians moved her kit without telling her, and she now has to file an extension every 6 months just to preserve the evidence. I listened to Marisa Ferri tell me that she thought her rape would be the most traumatic experience of her life, but what she found out was that even more traumatic, according to her, was the way she was further victimized by the system after being raped. When Marisa went to the hospital to seek medical treatment and requested a forensic exam, she was prevented from doing so until after she spoke with the detective. She asked if the interview could wait until the volunteer from the Rape Crisis Center arrived, but was told that she had to be interviewed then if she wanted to press charges. Alone and confused, Marisa underwent nearly hours of questioning by a detective who tried to discourage her from filing a report and blamed her, according to Marisa, for her own rape. Marisa is, unfortunately, not alone in being misinformed about her rights, and being interrogated instead of being allowed the opportunity to undergo a rape kit procedure in an expedient manner and to ensure the maximum effectiveness that the evidence has been collected. Marisa endured 6 weeks of repeated questioning by the detective about her behavior on the night of the rape. At times, she said she felt like she was the one under investigation. Initially, her case was closed without the rape kit being tested. It was only after she filed a formal complaint that the case was reopened more than a year later and the rape kit was tested. Many survivors would have given up on a system that had failed them as much as the system failed her and would not have pursued reopening their closed case. Lara McLeod suffered through further victimization after sexual assault. She reports that, at 19 years of age, she was raped by her sister’s fiance, but she did not want to report the crime. Instead, her family, who she told about her sexual assault, informed the police, and she was told to go to the station for a formal interview. After a cursory investigation, she reports that the police accused her of lying about the rape and arrested her. 
Her sister was charged with obstructing justice for aiding Lara’s alleged deceit. The false charge against Lara and her sister were eventually expunged, but not before damage to reputation and her sister’s savings being spent on dismissing the charges and, worse yet, her sister being denied full custody of her infant son because of the charge against her, which ultimately resulted in this son dying while in the custody of Lara’s rapist. I mention these terrifying stories because that is what this bill is all about. It is also about the power of individuals to change the law. After I heard their stories, within 2 hours, I talked to Judiciary Committee Chairman GOODLATTE on the House floor and told him about these stories. To his credit, Chairman GOODLATTE  immediately contacted his staff to make sure that we could work together on this bill. Only 2 short months later, the Judiciary Committee unanimously approved this legislation. The House version includes a small improvement on the text passed by the Senate; and it is my hope that, after passage in the House, the Senate will also approve this version so it can be sent to President Obama for his signature. I want to thank all the members of the Judiciary Committee for their action. But even more, I want to thank the courageous victims of rape who formed the group RISE, who did rise and who exerted their power to take control of this situation, who would not accept being victimized but, instead, decided to take their trauma and change the law so that other victims will have more power than they had. The congratulations go to them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is now my great pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ), the chief sponsor of this legislation and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, under current law, basic rights that protect survivors of sexual assault and allow them full access to justice vary greatly between each State and Federal statute. The uneven patchwork of laws across this country and the lack of substantive rights for sexual assault survivors prevent them from having full access to the justice system. Survivors of sexual assault have experienced unspeakable trauma, and they should not face unnecessary barriers to justice. These brave survivors deserve commonsense legal protections and clear procedures that ensure access to justice. This bipartisan legislation will ensure that sexual assault survivors in Federal criminal cases have a right to a sexual assault evidence collection kit, a right to be notified in writing before the kit is destroyed, a right to request preservation of the kit, and a right to be informed of important results from a forensic examination. This legislation is so important because it ensures these rights in the Federal criminal justice system and, furthermore, it will set an example for States to adopt similar procedures and practices. Additionally, this legislation will establish a joint working group formed by the Attorney General and the Department of Health and Human Services on best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of forensic evidence. It will also make the Victims of Crimes Act grant funding available for States to disseminate written notice of survivors’ rights. The Senate has unanimously passed these reforms, and now we must do our part to ensure that sexual assault survivors have a fair chance at justice. This legislation, which I have introduced with Ms. LOFGREN , has been endorsed by Rise; the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, more commonly known as RAINN; the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence; and the National Center for Victims of Crime, among other groups. I thank these groups, Chairman GOODLATTE , Ms. LOFGREN , and all other cosponsors working to advance the Survivors’ Bill of Rights. I remain committed to ensuring that survivors of sexual assault can secure justice, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to advocate for victims of sexual assault and enact sensible reforms like this bipartisan bill. I encourage my colleagues to support the Survivors’ Bill of Rights. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to celebrate our action today. I know that Lara McLeod and Marisa Ferri are watching this on C–SPAN. Amanda Nguyen is here in the Chamber. I just want to say to them: You are not weak victims. You are strong and powerful actors who turned tragedy into a triumph, and I commend you and honor you for your work. I thank the gentleman, and I urge all Members to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to thank the gentlewomen from California, Mrs. MIMI WALTERS and Ms. L OFGREN , for their hard work, and the women who have spoken out about their own personal experiences with regard to sexual assaults because without their speaking out, we would not make the kind of progress that we have made in bringing this legislation this far to the floor of the House. I urge my colleagues to support it. It is important legislation to protect women. It is important legislation to protect our judicial process, and it is important legislation to be sure that people are treated with respect and dignity as they go through this process. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5578, the ‘‘Survivors’ Bills of Rights Act of 2016.’’ I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this measure because this critical bill will eliminate barriers to the law faced by sexual assault survivors. H.R. 5578 is an important bill intended to provide additional legal protections and support to survivors of the horrific crime of sexual assault. An estimated 1 out of every 6 women in the United States will be the victim of a sexual assault or attempted sexual assault during their lifetime. All too often, the victims of sexual abuse are children. According to a 2013 Department of Health and Human Services survey on child maltreatment, child protective service agencies estimated that for the period from 2009 through 2013, an average of 63,000 children were victims of sexual abuse each year. Despite these statistics, the United States presently lacks standardized procedures for victims of sexual assault to gain full access to justice. Basic rights and protections for survivors of sexual assault vary from state to state. Moreover, not a single State gives sexual assault victims the right to require that critical forensic evidence in their case—the sexual assault evidence collection kit, or rape kit—be retained until the statute of limitations on the crime has expired. As a result, critical evidence can be lost. The Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act will create a federal standard that states can model. For example, Massachusetts has a 15year statute of limitations on sexual assaults, but untested rape kits are required to be stored only for six months. In another example, the CharlotteMecklenburg Police Department in North Carolina has destroyed more than 1,000 rape kits since 2000. This bipartisan legislation would ensure sexual assault survivors in federal criminal cases have certain rights and serve as an example for States to adopt similar practices. This bill will add to the existing rights for the survivors of sexual assault the following: The right to not be prevented from, or charged for, receiving a medical forensic exam; The right to be informed of any result of a sexual assault evidence collection kit; The right to be informed in writing of policies governing the collection and preservation of their rape kit; The right to have that rape kit preserved, without charge, for the statutory limitation period or 20 years, whichever is shorter; The right to receive written notice, no later than sixty days before the intended date, if the government intends to destroy or dispose of their rape kit before the end of the statutory limitation period; and The right to request, in writing, that their rape kit be preserved, rather than be destroyed or disposed of before the expiration of the statutory limitation period. This bill also amends Victims of Crime Act to authorize the Attorney General to make grants for the development and dissemination of written notices of applicable rights and policies for sexual assault survivors. 
Crime victim assistance programs that receive such grants will provide the notices to sexual assault survivors, as well as to medical facilities, law enforcement agencies, forensic examiners, sexual assault service providers, and other agencies that come in contact with sexual assault survivors. Finally, this bill would create a working group under the Attorney General, with advice from the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and participation by representatives of sexual assault prevention, advocacy, or victims groups, to develop best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of forensic evidence. These changes will allow survivors access to vital medical information, improve communication between law enforcement and survivors, ensure survivors have information necessary to monitor aspects of the investigation, and help prevent evidence in their cases being destroyed without their knowledge. This bill expands and strengthens the rights of survivors of sexual assault, and will help ensure that they are fully and timely informed of, and thus able to meaningfully exercise, those rights. For these reasons, I support the Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act. I urge my colleagues to support this bill because this important and necessary measure will help ensure that sexual assault survivors are given full access to the justice system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5578. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO UPDATE STATUTORY REFERENCES TO TITLE 2, UNITED STATES CODE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2830) to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2830 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 725 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 105 of title 2’’ and inserting ‘‘provisions of the Acts of October 19, 1888, July 19, 1897, and June 7, 1924, as set out in 2 U.S.C. 4303’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2830, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring before the House H.R. 2830, a bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 2 of the United States Code. The Office of the Law Revision Counsel has an ongoing responsibility under section 285b of title 2 of the United States Code to maintain the United States Code and assist the House Judiciary Committee in the revision and codification of Federal statutes. In order to maintain and improve the United States Code, the Office of the Law Revision Counsel must occasionally undertake editorial reclassification projects to reorganize areas of law that have outgrown their original boundaries, or to eliminate organizational units that are no longer efficient. The office assures us that the decision to transfer provisions in the United States Code is not undertaken lightly. After careful study, the Law Revision Counsel recently identified certain organizational deficiencies in the code that needed to be corrected, and accordingly, undertook the necessary changes. The purpose of this bill is to update statutory references to laws classified to title 2 of the United States Code. H.R. 2830 will amend these citations to accurately reflect the new location of the corresponding provisions in the U.S. Code in light of the recent editorial reclassification of title 2. I want to thank Ranking Member CONYERS for sponsoring this bill along with me today. Title 2 of the U.S. Code includes all of the laws governing Congress and the legislative branch. The reorganization of title 2 for the purpose of the online version of the code took place on February 1, 2014. Because chapters 3 and 4 of title 2 far outgrew their original boundaries, the Office of Law Revision Counsel reorganized these two chapters into 11 new chapters in order to set forth more clearly the provisions related to the House of Representatives and the Senate. No statutory text was altered by the reorganization; the provisions were merely transferred from one place in title 2 to another. As a result of the reclassification, title 2 now better exhibits the laws governing congressional pay and benefits, ethics, leadership, and administration, just to name a few. The shortterm inconvenience of adjusting to new code citations is greatly outweighed by the benefit of much needed longterm improvements in the organizational structure in the United States Code. Further, to eliminate any confusion, the office provides a comprehensive guide to the old and new code citations on its Web site: uscode.house.gov. With enactment of this legislation, the citations that refer to code sections altered by the reorganization will be updated to reflect the changes made to title 2. For the foregoing reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the chairman has indicated, this bill makes technical amendments to title 2 of the U.S. Code in order to update statutory references and was crafted by the House Office of Law Revision Counsel, which is charged with developing and keeping current the United States Code. This is really an enormous task. On average, Congress passes into law more than 6,900 pages of new public law each year. As that happens, some areas of the law get jammed into the code and become difficult to navigate. So this bill, along with the two that follow, just make it easier to read. It doesn’t make any substantive changes whatsoever, and I support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member CONYERS for the work they put in to accomplish this fix. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her assistance. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2830. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO UPDATE STATUTORY REFERENCES TO TITLE 50, UNITED STATES CODE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2831) to make technical amendments to update statutory references to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2831 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2831, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring before the House H.R. 2831, a bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to provisions classified to chapters 44 through 47 of title 50, United States Code. As I previously stated, the Office of Law Revision Counsel must occasionally undertake editorial reclassification projects to reorganize areas of law that have outgrown their original boundaries or to eliminate organizational units that are no longer efficient. H.R. 2831 reflects yet another of the office’s editorial reclassification efforts, and I thank Ranking Member CONYERS for cosponsoring this bill as well. H.R. 2831 will update statutory references to provisions classified to title 50. The Office of Law Revision Counsel has prepared this bill and submitted it to the committee as part of the office’s ongoing responsibility to maintain the code and assist the committee in the revision and codification of Federal statutes. In May of 2013, title 50 was editorially reorganized to set forth more clearly the provisions of the National Security Act of 1947, the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949, the National Security Agency Act of 1959, and certain other related statutes. No statutory text was altered in the reorganization; the provisions were merely transferred from one place to another in title 50. The change was necessary to improve the organizational structure of the material in the United States Code. The technical amendments made by H.R. 2831 update United States Code citations to reflect the new code citations for the provisions. Further, to eliminate any confusion, the Office of Law Revision Counsel provides a comprehensive guide to the old and new code citations for this title on its Web site: uscode.house.gov. H.R. 2831 is an important bill because it helps ensure that our laws are up to date and accurately reflect the location of statutory text in the United States Code. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as with the preceding bill, this was drafted by the Office of Law Revision Counsel, and as the chairman has said, it is intended to make the statutes clearer. b1645 It doesn’t make any change in substantive law. It creates a new chapter 44, entitled, ‘‘National Security,’’ which consists primarily of the National Security Act of 1947; a new chapter 45, entitled, ‘‘Miscellaneous Intelligence Authorities,’’ consisting primarily of related provisions from 16 different statutes; a new chapter 46, entitled, ‘‘Central Intelligence Agency,’’ primarily made up of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949; and a new chapter 47, entitled, ‘‘National Security Agency,’’ which consists of the National Security Agency Act of 1959. It makes some technical amendments, but, as I said earlier, it makes no substantive change whatsoever. This will make it easier for the public, for lawyers, and for researchers to know what the law is. I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2831, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO UPDATE STATUTORY REFERENCES TO TITLE 52, UNITED STATES CODE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2832) to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2832 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2832, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring before the House H.R. 2832, a bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code. H.R. 2832 is yet another bill addressing a reclassification of the United States Code by the Office of Law Revision Counsel, and I am pleased to be joined in cosponsoring this notable bill by Ranking Member CONYERS . It is only fitting that he cosponsor the bill recognizing the creation of a new title of the United States Code dedicated exclusively to voting and election laws. In 1926, when the organizational structure of the United States Code was established, no separate title for voting and elections was created. At that time, only two Federal statutory provisions relating to voting and elections existed. Since 1960, an extensive body of Federal statutory law relating to voting and elections has been enacted, including title III of the Civil Rights Act of 1960, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, the Voting Accessibility for the Elderly and Handicapped Act, the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act, the National Voter Registration Act of 1993, and the Help America Vote Act of 2002. Upon enactment, each of these laws was incorporated into the existing structure of the Code in the most logical manner possible. However, as this body of law grew and evolved, it became increasingly apparent to the Office of Law Revision Counsel that a separate title was needed. On September 1, 2014, Title 52—Voting and Elections was established. This new title provides a well organized, coherent structure for this important body of law. H.R. 2832 will update citations that refer to provisions altered by the reclassification. These updates are necessary to conform the citations to the current codification of the text. In addition, to eliminate any confusion, the Office of Law Revision Counsel provides a comprehensive guide to the old and new Code citations for these provisions on its Web site, uscode.house.gov. As is the case with reclassification projects, no statutory text was altered in this reorganization. The provisions were merely transferred from one place to another in the United States Code. H.R. 2832 is an important bill because it helps ensure that our laws are up to date and accurately reflect the location of statutory text in the United States Code. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As with the prior bills, the Office of Law Revision Counsel has drafted this. The chairman has certainly explained what it does. It makes no change to the law, but it does do this. It highlights the value of voting rights laws by creating a title 52. I think that is going to make it easier for the public to understand what the rules are. It is an important measure, even though it doesn’t change the existing law, by making the law more accessible. I am going to diverge a little bit from the substance of this because when my plane landed from California this afternoon, I was saddened to find on my email the news that Alan A. Parker, who was general counsel for the Judiciary Committee and general counsel for the Civil Rights Subcommittee when my predecessor, Don Edwards, had chaired the Civil Rights Subcommittee, had passed away last Friday after a very long illness. Alan Parker served in World War II in the South Pacific. He went to Santa Clara University School of Law. He loved the Congress and he loved the Judiciary Committee. He had a distinguished career teaching law. He would be, I think, actually pleased to be remembered on the occasion of reorganizing these civil rights measures that he cared so much about and that he worked for when he was here in the House. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill today and to join me in mourning the passage of Alan A. Parker, the former general counsel of the Committee on the Judiciary. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would first like to thank the gentlewoman for her support of this important legislation, but also to thank her for remembering Mr. Parker and his contribution not only to the Judiciary Committee, but to this entire Congress and our country. Her words are well taken, and I thank her for them. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2832, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT OF MINERAL RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3881) to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3881 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the opportunity to bring my legislation, the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2016, to the floor today. The Speaker’s Task Force on Reducing Regulatory Burdens cited many examples from across the country of how our Nation’s regulatory system is constricting both job growth and economic development. This legislation solves one such example in my district, where gross regulatory overreach by the U.S. Forest Service, in partnership with environmental groups, sought to halt American energy production in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This energy production has occurred for generations in the region through conventional methods and remains a staple industry throughout many communities in the region. More recently, responsible energy development in the Marcellus shale has occurred in my district, which has pushed the United States to lead the world in energy production. Just a few years ago, American families were forced to pay absurd energy prices and to look to foreign countries to meet our energy needs. Today, Pennsylvanian energy is reducing prices and meeting our Nation’s demands, while also employing thousands of American workers. For years, the Forest Service had worked cooperatively on a balanced approach to ensure responsible energy development could occur in the Allegheny National Forest. This balanced approach was tossed aside when the Forest Service sought to put crippling new regulations into place on privately held mineral rights in my district. After years of litigation, the courts decisively ruled against the Forest Service’s authority to implement such regulation. This legislation simply codifies what the courts have already ruled, restoring a balanced management approach to the Allegheny National Forest. Part of this balanced approach includes companies providing advance notice before commencing operations, which they have done for decades. While nothing in my bill circumvents this requirement, I was pleased to work with my colleague across the aisle, Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee Ranking Member ALANLOWENTHAL , to accept his amendment to make this point crystal clear. Today the House ends just one example of Federal overreach that has put the wellbeing of many families in my district in jeopardy. It is my hope that the House can continue to roll back the red tape to generate greater American prosperity. I urge adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3881 is a bill that would repeal some unnecessary, redundant parts of the U.S. Code related to private oil and gas rights of the Allegheny National Forest. The intent, as the sponsor indicated, is to ensure that the owners of those mineral rights are allowed to exercise them and drill within the boundaries as legal. While those rights are certainly valid and should be respected, the U.S. Forest Service also has certain rights that have also been confirmed by the courts, for instance, the right to receive 60 days’ advance notice before any drilling begins. The introduced draft of this legislation initially raised the possibility that it could have inadvertently overturned the court cases and precedences guaranteeing that advance notice and other rights of the U.S. Forest Service. Thankfully, in markup, the sponsor of the legislation and the majority on the Natural Resources Committee agreed to accept an amendment offered by my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), which made it completely clear that this bill does not affect the right of the Forest Service to get this advance notice or any other valid right of the Forest Service, nor does it negatively impact any other rights the Forest Service has to oversee activities in national forests and to protect forest resources pursuant to the law. 
This bill, as amended, simply repeals language that some have interpreted as potentially infringing on private property rights. Passing this bill would not have an impact on how oil and gas operations are conducted in the Allegheny National Forest or in any national forest nationwide. I thank the sponsor of this bill for working with the Democrats on the committee to craft a workable response that hopefully will pass by unanimous consent. I ask my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his support of this piece of legislation, and I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3881, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1700 BOLTS DITCH ACCESS AND USE ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4510) to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4510 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act’’. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Since 1882, the town of Minturn, Colorado, has used Bolts Ditch to fill Bolts Lake, a place of recreation for the town and an important source of water for the surrounding community. When Congress passed the Colorado Wilderness Act in 1980, 450 feet of Bolts Ditch was inadvertently included in the Holy Cross Wilderness area, which led to questions about the town’s ability to access this important infrastructure. After a discussion amongst stakeholders, the town agreed to seek a legislative solution to address this access issue. This bipartisan bill simply allows the Forest Service to issue a special use permit to the town of Minturn to allow nonmotorized access to maintain a headgate and water ditch in the Holy Cross Wilderness. This bill ensures the town will have access to Bolts Ditch for basic maintenance needs. H.R. 4510 was developed in consultation with the community and the Forest Service, and it enjoys support from a wide range of groups in the region. I urge the adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank Chairman BISHOP for bringing H.R. 4510, the Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act, to the floor today. I introduced this simple but very important piece of legislation at the request of the local community of Minturn, in Eagle County, because it improves public land, water, and communities in my district. This bill has bipartisan support from the Colorado delegation. I thank Mr. TIPTON and Mr. L AMBORN for partnering with me on this bill here in the House. In the Senate, Senator GARDNER and Senator B ENNET have partnered to pass this bill as well. I am also thankful to the town of Minturn, to the conservation community, and to water utilities for working together for a commonsense solution that we can all support. This is an example of how we can solve a problem when everybody comes together. The need for this legislation is to solve a vital local problem for the people of Minturn, Colorado, a town of about 1,000 people in Eagle County, which is in our Rocky Mountains in Colorado. The problem it fixes results from a mistake in the 1980 Wilderness Act, which inadvertently left Bolts Ditch off of the list of existing water facilities which it should have been included on. This legislation would authorize a special use of the Bolts Ditch headgate and the segment of the Bolts Ditch within the Holy Cross Wilderness area, allowing Minturn to use its existing water right to fill Bolts Lake. The residents of Minturn who brought this bill to me, as well as Coloradans across the central mountains, have long relied on water infrastructure like Bolts Ditch to access clean and affordable drinking water. This bill will ensure that the town of Minturn is able to utilize a crucial resource and to do so without compromising the sanctity of the surrounding wilderness areas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers on this piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority and minority staffs of the committee for working with us on this bill. It is very important to the people of Minturn and to our central mountain region in Colorado, so I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is important infrastructure for this community in Colorado. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4510, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FORT FREDERICA NATIONAL MONUMENT BOUNDARY EXPANSION ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3480) to expand the boundary of Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fort Frederica National Monument Boundary Expansion Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Fort Frederica National Monument, located on St. Simons Island, Georgia, preserves the archaeological remnants of a fort established in 1736 by James Oglethorpe. Oglethorpe constructed the fort to protect the colony of Georgia from attack from the Spanish. The fort successfully fended off a Spanish attack in 1742 and confirmed Georgia as a British territory. H.R. 3480, introduced by Congressman BUDDY CARTER of Georgia, expands Fort Frederica by 21 acres. The St. Simons Land Trust currently owns the additional acreage and will steward the land until the National Park Service can acquire the property. This bipartisan bill is cosponsored by the entire Georgia delegation, and Congressman CARTER worked closely with Chairman BISHOP to modify the bill before markup. I urge the adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As the chairman has said, this bill expands the Fort Frederica National Monument to include a 20acre property, known as the North Marsh, which is currently owned by the St. Simons Land Trust. The National Park Service evaluated the property in a 2014 study and determined that its acquisition would provide additional opportunities to protect and interpret resources that are associated with the site. Fort Frederica, located on St. Simons Island, Georgia, was built by James Oglethorpe in 1736 to protect the colony of Georgia from Spanish Florida. The fort has been managed by the National Park Service since 1936, when President Franklin Roosevelt used the Antiquities Act to designate the site as a national monument. As a quick aside, I climbed Mount Katahdin last week, which is Maine’s highest mountain, and I was in Maine when Secretary Jewell arrived to celebrate President Obama’s use of the Antiquities Act to accept a gift of 87,000 acres in order to create the new Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument—some of the most beautiful country I have ever seen. This bill is an important reminder of how a decision to protect and elevate our shared heritage resonates for generations. Eighty years after President Roosevelt made the decision to establish a national monument, we are looking at opportunities to expand it and increase the resources it protects. By using money from the Land and Water Conservation Fund—a Federal program that was not around in FDR’s time but that is one, I am sure, he would have supported—we can continue this important legacy. I thank the majority and my friend from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for advancing this bill. I look forward to working with them to advance similar legislation that is designed to expand and enhance our public lands. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), the author of bill. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the First Congressional District of Georgia is home to many natural and historic treasures, including the Fort Frederica National Monument. Fort Frederica was built on St. Simons Island in 1736 by James Oglethorpe, the founder of Georgia, to protect the new British colony from the Spanish. The fort’s strategic location ensured a decisive victory for Oglethorpe in 1742 at the Battle of Bloody Marsh, which ended further Spanish attempts to claim Georgia as their own. Today, the Fort Frederica National Monument is a popular destination in Glynn County that features portions of the original fort, a museum, and extensive hiking trails. H.R. 3480 would authorize the National Park Service to obtain adjacent land that likely contains artifacts from prehistoric human settlements, adding more to the rich history of this site. I thank the chairman for his consideration of this bill as well as to thank the entire Georgia delegation for supporting and cosponsoring this legislation. I also thank the Natural Resources Committee staff for their work and dedication to this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3480, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FORT ONTARIO STUDY ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4202) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4202 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Fort Ontario is a military installation, located on the mouth of the Oswego River in New York, that was used during the French and Indian War, the Revolutionary War, and the War of 1812. The fort has a rich history of over 200 years of active military use and was destroyed and rebuilt on three separate occasions. At various points in history, it also served as a training post, as a hospital camp, and as an emergency refugee shelter. H.R. 4202, which was introduced by Congressman JOHNKATKO of New York, authorizes a special resource study to evaluate Fort Ontario’s national significance and determine the suitability and feasibility of designating it as a unit of the National Park System. I urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill authorizes the National Park Service to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in Oswego, New York. Fort Ontario was a military installation that was used during the French and Indian War, which was later used to house refugees who fled the Nazi Holocaust during World War II. Refugees were allowed into the United States as guests of President Franklin Roosevelt’s. Many Americans remember our Nation’s role in World War II through events like the Invasion of Normandy or the Battle of Iwo Jima, which have been reimagined in film and memorialized in stone, but the story of Fort Ontario is also an important component of our historical legacy. Providing refuge from persecution says as much about our national character as the bravery and sacrifice of the millions of Americans who were deployed overseas. The site has been managed as a New York State Historic Site since 1949 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970. The special resource study authorized by this bill will look into the best available options for the continued preservation and management of Fort Ontario, including the possibility of turning it into a unit of the National Park System. Fort Ontario has had many uses throughout our Nation’s history, and it has had a particularly relevant place in the story of Jewish Americans. As we work to ensure that our public lands tell the story of all Americans, Fort Ontario and its unique story will be a fitting addition. I thank Representative KATKO , the sponsor of this bill, for bringing the story of Fort Ontario to our attention. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), the author of this legislation. Mr. KATKO. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Fort Ontario has stood on the shores of Lake Ontario in Oswego, New York, since 1755. For the past 63 years, the fort has been preserved as a New York State Historic Site, serving as a cultural and historic landmark for Oswego County and the entire region. I am proud to stand here today in support of this legislation which would take the crucial step towards ensuring this historic site receives the national recognition it deserves. The Fort Ontario Study Act would commission a special resource study of Fort Ontario to evaluate the site’s national significance and determine the suitability of its designation as a part of the National Park System. The history of Fort Ontario is truly unique within the National Park System and within our Nation as a whole. The fort has been involved in nearly every major American war from the French and Indian War to World War II. From 1944 to 1946, under a declaration by President Franklin Roosevelt, the fort served as the Nation’s only emergency refugee camp, providing shelter to over 900 refugees who fled the Holocaust—a truly unique designation. The site now hosts the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum, which preserves the stories of these refugees, the tragedies they faced, and, eventually, the freedom and safety they gained right here in the United States. Fort Ontario has become an important tourist attraction in central New York, drawing visitors from across the State, the country, and, indeed, throughout the world. Preserving this location as a national park will not only better preserve the history of the fort, but there will also be the potential to grow tourism and boost our regional economy. I am very honored to introduce this legislation that recognizes the important history of the fort and to credit this important step to the local champions who have worked tirelessly to preserve the history of the site, including the Friends of Fort Ontario, Paul Lear with New York State Parks, the board of the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum—a great group of individuals—and the many volunteers who give their time to this cause. b1715 I want to thank fellow New York Representatives, Congressman HANNA  and Congresswoman SLAUGHTER , who have worked with me in the House to support this effort, as well as the chairman of the committee for working to move this important legislation. I ask all my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank Mr. KATKO for his leadership on this piece 
of legislation and for bringing this to our attention and bringing this process to the floor. I urge its support. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4202, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXEMPTING IMPORTATION AND EXPORTATION OF SEA URCHINS AND SEA CUCUMBERS FROM ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT LICENSING REQUIREMENTS Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4245) to exempt importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXEMPTION OF EXPORTATION OF CERTAIN ECHINODERMS AND MOLLUSKS FROM PERMISSION AND LICENSING REQUIREMENTS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4245, introduced by our Maine colleagues, CHELLIE PINGREE  and BRUCE POLIQUIN , makes a commonsense adjustment to the Federal law to eliminate regulatory duplication. This bipartisan bill, as reported, protects fishermen, small businesses, and their fresh, domestically harvested seafood destined for export by exempting them from the duplicative U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service inspections and permits. During the legislative hearing on H.R. 4245, both sides of the aisle expressed concerns over these inspections, especially on sea urchin. In fact, one of our minority colleagues said it best when he called the inspections dramatic overkill. In addition, one witness discussed how Federal inspection delays have spoiled shipments that cost businesses thousands of dollars. This bill removes that Federal delay. I commend our Maine colleagues for working on a bipartisan basis to address this matter. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  an exchange of letters with the chairmen of the House Ways and Means and the Foreign Affair Committees regarding this bill. We thank them for agreeing to help expedite consideration on this bill today. I urge the adoption of this commonsense measure. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On December 10, 2015, the Committee on Natural Resources favorably reported as amended H.R. 4245, to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. This bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means and Foreign Affairs. My staff has forwarded the reported text to your committee for review. Based on this text, I ask that you allow the Committee on Ways and Means to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 4245, to exempt the importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act. As you note, the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. I appreciate your willingness to work with my Committee on this legislation. In order to allow H.R. 4245 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on H.R. 4245 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 30, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On December 10, 2015, the Committee on Natural Resources favorably reported as amended H.R. 4245, to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. This bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Ways and Means. My staff has forwarded the reported text to your committee for review. Based on this text, I ask that you allow the Committee on Foreign Affairs to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Foreign Affairs represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. 
Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, August 31, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on your committeereported text of H.R. 4245, a bill to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. The Committee also reserves the right to seek an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this bill, and would appreciate your support for any such request. I ask that you place our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), the sponsor of this bill. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) for yielding the time, and I also thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for speaking in support of this as well. I rise today in support of H.R. 4245, a bill that will end the practice of export inspections for sea urchin, sea cucumbers, squid, and cuttlefish that are being shipped overseas as part of our Nation’s fisheries and fish processing industry. At the outset, I want to thank Chairman BISHOP , subcommittee Chairman FLEMING , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , and my good friend from California, Ranking Member HUFFMAN , for their support and help in getting this bill through the committee and to the House floor today. I want to recognize my friend and colleague from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) who has been an original cosponsor of this bill and a tireless supporter of this effort. To better understand this bill, I would like to tell you a little bit about the sea urchin industry in Maine, which is a critical part of our marine economy. Second only to California, the sea urchin industry in Maine brings over $5.4 million to our State every year and supports 600 jobs, which includes harvesters up and down our beautiful coast. Companies in Maine also process urchins that are harvested here, as well as those from Canada and Chile, before being exported overseas. In Japan and other parts of Asia, urchins are a valuable delicacy, known in sushi restaurants as uni. They are also a delicacy here in the United States and are very highly regarded. Urchins imported to Maine from other countries are inspected by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service upon entering the country. Relatively recently, the Fish and Wildlife Service has begun inspecting the products once again before leaving the country. The policy change ended a longtime exemption that urchins had received, an exemption that lobster and other shellfish continue to receive. Over 18 months ago, I started hearing from urchin processors in Maine who reported problems with this recent change. Sometimes the urchins sat in a hot warehouse in New York—usually at the JFK Airport—for days waiting for an inspection, possibly resulting in the loss of a very valuable and highly perishable product. Since these are such a perishable product, despite the harvesters’ and processors’ speedy work to get the urchins ready for shipment, once they reached the inspection point in New York, they often came to a halt. I immediately started working with the Fish and Wildlife Service to try and find a solution. Even though we haven’t always seen eye to eye with the Fish and Wildlife Service, they have been very willing to hear our concerns, work with us on particular problems, and try to make things easier on our harvesters and processors. We had a very recent example. Last Friday afternoon, my office received a call from an urchin processor who had $50,000 worth of product soon to be sitting at the JFK Airport. The Fish and Wildlife Service had closed this Friday, meaning that the urchins would be left over a 3day weekend. We were able to get it cleared, but it was a very close call. Stories like this make it clear that the only real solution is to get rid of this duplicative inspection, and this is what this bill would do. After working with the Fish and Wildlife Service, talking to urchin harvesters, and visiting a processing plant in my district, I firmly believe that these extra inspections are unnecessary. There is no reason why sea urchins should be treated differently than shellfish. These burdensome inspections create a great deal of risk for valuable exports and too much uncertainty for a jobcreating industry. As communities on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts deal with challenges to commercial fishing and working waterfronts, it is critical that Congress do everything it can to support successful industries like sea urchins in Maine or squid and cuttlefish in California, Rhode Island, and other States. I am very proud to have introduced this bipartisan legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4245, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to exempt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.’’. 
ESTABLISHMENT OF A VISITOR SERVICES FACILITY ON THE ARLINGTON RIDGE TRACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4789) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4789 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington, Virginia, honors the many members of the Marine Corps who have given their lives fighting for our country. This is one of the most popular memorials in the area, attracting over 1 million visitors annually and hosting several popular events, such as the Summer Sunset Parades and the Marine Corps Marathon. Despite the popularity, the site only has portable toilets and no permanent bathroom facilities for visitors. This bipartisan, straightforward bill introduced by Congressman DONBEYER authorizes the construction of a visitor services center that includes permanent restroom facilities. Due to a generous donation from billionaire David Rubenstein, this new visitor service center will come at no cost to the taxpayer. This new facility represents a more respectful and permanent solution to improve visitor experiences at this important site. I urge the adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4789 is an uncontroversial technical provision authorizing construction of a small restroom facility on the grounds of the Marine Corps Memorial, also known as the Iwo Jima Memorial. Recently, billionaire David Rubenstein donated more than $5 million to the National Park Foundation to be used for repairs and rehabilitation of the memorial and the surrounding grounds. Because of the donation, the National Park Service was able to look closely at the needs of the memorial and the visitors who come there, and one amenity it clearly lacks is public restrooms. At the moment, the only restrooms available are Park Service supplied porta potties. With visitation steady and possibly increasing because of the memorial rehabilitation, there is a clear need to address this deficiency in visitor services, and this is especially concerning because this is a very popular destination for veterans, not all of whom are ablebodied. The current statutory ban on additional structures on the Marine Corps Memorial dates to 2002, and it was part of this debate over the location of the Air Force Memorial. Well, in the meantime, the Air Force Memorial was ultimately located somewhere else, but we still need this legislation to authorize construction of restroom facilities. The provision has already been passed by the Senate, and I am pleased by its consideration in the House. The National Park Service has long wanted to build a small structure with water and restrooms at the Marine Corps Memorial because there are no such facilities within several miles, and this is in keeping with the broader policy of improving accessibility of all the memorials on and around the National Mall. I am particularly thankful for Mr. COOK’s support in putting this together and for Mr. THOMPSON ’s leadership and for the chairman’s support. I urge all Members to support this bipartisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4789. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1730 INNOVATION IN OFFSHORE LEASING ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5577) to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas lease sales through Internet based live lease sales, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Innovation in Offshore Leasing Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5577, introduced by Congressman GARRET GRAVES , will increase transparency and efficiency regarding the Federal Government’s current process for conducting lease sales while also saving Federal tax dollars in the development of oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), the author of the bill. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, my fourth grader’s homework is online. We go up on a Web site and pull down homework. My ninth grader can check out books from the library and download it to his Kindle. Our 6yearold takes my iPhone and sends text messages, unbeknownst to me, to her aunts and uncles. Everything is now evolving to online—everything is. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that there is this reputation that the Federal Government has that we are incredibly inefficient and behind the times, and unfortunately that reality is well earned. Everything is going online now. We can go on different Web sites and have things delivered to our homes the same day or the next day. We can order things online and go to stores and go pick them up. That is how the world is evolving, and what the online presence does is it provides for transparency. Now, this bill addresses offshore lease sales. What are offshore lease sales? That is the second largest revenue stream for the United States Treasury after taxes. It is a huge revenue stream. By some estimates, it has exceeded $200 billion in revenues for the United States Treasury. What this bill is designed to do is to bring us into the 21st century, to allow for potential bidders to go online to broaden access, to allow for the taxpayer’s resource, the American public’s resource, to have more bidders, to have more competition to ultimately make sure that the full value of that resource is realized by taxpayers. I very much appreciate the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), my good friend, being our lead cosponsor on this bill, showing that this is a bipartisan bill, that we have strong support from very diverse ideologies across the country. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reiterate the fact that this simply puts it online. It simply allows for better access for information. This is an asset that belongs to the American public. It is worth billions and billions of dollars. It should have transparency in how the process takes place, in the amount that bidders put forth, the amount that bidders bid for different auctions or lease sales. I think it is very important. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I also want to make note of this. What this does, this whole transparency and openness and improved value and competition, it complements the public process because, Mr. Speaker, related to this last lease sale, lease sale 248, there were 18 opportunities for public participation, public comment, public meetings, 18 separate opportunities through the development of the lease sale, the development of the EIS, the development of the 5year plan. So this complements all of that transparency and doesn’t allow this to be done only by folks who can afford to go buy a plane ticket and go down into this facility, but that everyone can participate; and it allows for that public access to this last stage in the process that complements this very open and transparent process that takes place prior to. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to urge support for H.R. 5577. I think this is in the best interest of taxpayers. This is in the best interest of transparency and, certainly, the public. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 5577 is a bipartisan bill, introduced by two of my colleagues on the Committee on Natural Resources, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). It really would bring the offshore oil and gas leasing system into the 21st century. Last month the Department of the Interior took one step in that direction by streaming the opening of leasing bids live on the Web. However, companies still submitted their bids by sticking them in an envelope and mailing them. This bill would direct Interior to start moving that process online and to provide much more transparency by ensuring that the public has access to all the data from these sales in machinereadable and downloadable format. H.R. 5577 will also ensure that people across the country can follow these sales in real time. I commend the sponsor of this bill for their efforts to improve government operations. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge passage of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5577, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Madam Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 841 Resolved, That the House has heard with profound sorrow of the death of the Honorable Mark Takai, a Representative from the State of Hawaii. Resolved, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the House adjourns today, it adjourn as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, the people of Hawaii and our colleagues have celebrated the life and service of our friend and colleague, Congressman Mark Takai, in a series of memorials, religious services, and community events. Leader PELOSI led a congressional delegation, including many of the Members who are standing with me today, to Hawaii, where we visited with Mark’s wife, Sami, and his children, Matthew and Kaila, as well as with his parents and siblings, and shared with them the memories that we made with Mark and the impact that he had on our country during his service here in the U.S. Congress. I thank Mark’s family on behalf of all of us for opening their hearts to us and sharing Mark with us. He touched the lives of so many people throughout his life of service as a Pearl City High School athlete and student organizing voter registration drives, as the president of Associated Students of the University of Hawaii at Manoa, representing Hawaii’s 34th House district for 20 years in the State legislature, his 17 years of service as a soldier in the Hawaii Army National Guard, and, most recently, serving Hawaii’s First Congressional District. I had the good fortune of serving with Mark over the years in the State legislature, in the National Guard, and here in Congress. Like all of you, when I think of Mark, I will always remember his ready smile, his deep laugh, and, most of all, his heart of aloha. No matter where he was or in what capacity, Mark always kept his service to Hawaii’s people at the forefront of all that he did. While he served just 18 months here in Congress, the impact that he made and the aloha spirit that he embodied will live on in Hawaii and in these Halls forever. As we remember our friend, our colleague, may we carry this aloha spirit in our hearts as we gather together to do the people’s work. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence to honor the life and service of Congressman Mark Takai. 
The SPEAKER. All present will rise for a moment of silence. 
COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT OF MINERAL RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5 minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3881) to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 395, nays 3, not voting 33, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Boustany Brown (FL) Butterfield Calvert Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cramer Crenshaw DesJarlais Duckworth Grijalva Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) Kind Kirkpatrick Lieu, Ted Long Miller (MI) Neal Nugent Palazzo Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reichert Richmond Ross Ruppersberger Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema Wilson (SC) Yarmuth 
b1903 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Speaker, on rollcall votes 479 and 480 I was unable to vote as I was detained in my congressional district to attend the funeral of a dear friend. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall votes 479 and 480. 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Madam Speaker, I missed the following votes during leave of absence for medical reasons: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 479: HR.R. 5578—Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016. ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 480: H.R. 3881—Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2016. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5063, STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–724) on the resolution (H. Res. 843) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2357, ACCELERATING ACCESS TO CAPITAL ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5424, INVESTMENT ADVISERS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–725) on the resolution (H. Res. 844) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2357) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Form S–3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a national securities exchange as an additional basis for satisfying the requirements of General Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to remove such listing and registration as a requirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3839, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act. I want to thank the chairman of the committee and his staff for helping to move this bill through the House and the agencies involved for their constructive input. Their support means so much to me, to our veterans, and to all of their families as well. Those who have served, and the families that have sacrificed beside them, deserve our Nation’s eternal gratitude. Since 1948, the Black Hills National Cemetery has been but one way that this appreciation is shown. The cemetery currently covers around 100 acres of land and is home to the Korean Veterans War Memorial. Most importantly, its peaceful landscape serves as the final resting place for hundreds of servicemembers and their families. Chief David Beautiful Bald Eagle is among the brave men and women buried there. Born in a tepee in 1919, Chief Bald Eagle served our country in World War II as a paratrooper and one of the legendary Lakota code talkers. We lost him earlier this summer, but his life continues to be an inspiration to the Lakota people and to those who knew him. Brigadier General Richard E. Ellsworth is also laid to rest there. This is a man who flew 400 combat missions during Word War II and earned numerous medals. He returned to the U.S., where he eventually became wing commander of the Rapid City Air Force Base. In 1953, that base was renamed to Ellsworth Air Force Base in his honor. We honor the legacy of those veterans and many others at the Black Hills National Cemetery, but the facility will not have the room it needs to continue serving future veterans without expansion. This bill will allow that expansion by transferring around 200 acres of adjacent land near Sturgis, South Dakota, from the Bureau of Land Management’s jurisdiction to the Department of Veterans Affairs. My office has worked with these agencies and stakeholders in crafting the legislation, and all agree that this land transfer is necessary. The transfer of this land will provide the Black Hills National Cemetery with the additional burial space that it needs and assure today’s veterans and servicemembers, as well as their families, that we will be able to uphold our commitment and offer this Nation’s eternal gratitude for all that they have done. Again, I thank the committee and the chairman and my colleagues for supporting this bill, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As a fellow Representative of the West, I join my colleagues from Utah and South Dakota in support of this bill. Whenever we need to make an alteration to Federal land, whether it is the U.S. Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management, it frequently requires an actual bill to go through this entire process—the House, the Senate, and the President’s signature. I have had to do that a number of times and worked with our chairman on a number of bills important to my district. Now we have one that is not only of importance to South Dakotans, but important to veterans nationally. This bill provides the Veterans Administration with 200 acres of Federal land that is managed by the BLM to expand the Black Hills National Cemetery. As we know, national cemeteries are reserved for brave men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice while serving in the military, and it is important that we have space to meet those interment requests. Our veterans have served their country, and they deserve to permanently rest in a cemetery that honors their sacrifice and commitment to the ideals that hold us together as a nation. It so happens that the BLM land that this bill would transfer abuts the current cemetery. The BLM and the VA determined that only Congress can provide the permanent jurisdiction transfer necessary for this expansion. Again, that is not uncommon to actually bring bills before Congress for land exchanges or border extensions. That is why we are discussing this bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Expanding the Black Hills National Cemetery is a noble and worthy cause. It deserves our support. I want to thank Representative NOEM of South Dakota for bringing this issue forward and for all of her hard work in guiding this bill through committee and, hopefully, shortly, through the United States Congress. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, once again, this is a great bill. Without this bill, they run out of space. With this bill, we continue to actually help people, which is one of the reasons why Congress exists, to do good things for people. I urge my colleagues to adopt this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. b1915 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3839, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ZIKA THREAT TO SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 39th day since local transmission of the Zika virus via mosquitoes was confirmed in my area of south Florida on July 29, 39 days since it was obvious that much more needed to be done to confront the threat that Zika posed to U.S. citizens here at home. And yet here we are with 56 locally acquired cases of Zika in Miami Dade County, 7 of them having been confirmed just today—today, Mr. Speaker. There are 2,686 travelrelated cases across the continental U.S. Federal funding is needed now to help those born with congenital Zika infections, such as Micaela Mendoza. Every day since her birth in July, Micaela and her parents have waited to learn more about the extent of her complications from Zika because so little is still to be known about the virus. Mr. Speaker, how many more days will south Florida families have to wait for a comprehensive response package from the Federal Government? We have waited too long. Send in the cavalry. 
GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I am dressed in a seersucker suit. Most people from the South would recognize that, and traditionally people from the country and the South and the fashion industry would say you are not supposed to wear seersucker after Labor Day and before Memorial Day. 
But this year, according to NASA, is going to be the hottest year on record ever since the 1880s, when we started keeping records. Each of the first 6 months of the year have been the hottest months in history, according to NASA. Global warming is real, and we are going to be wearing these seersucker suits into October, and we will be starting to wear them in April, probably around the first of April to coincide with April Fool’s Day, because for those people who don’t think there is global warming, all they have got to do is go out in the weather before Memorial Day or after Labor Day in something other than seersucker and they will realize that global warming is real. Climate change is with us. The oceans will rise; land will disappear. Miami Beach is too nice. 
RECOGNIZING JAMES DAVIS’ CONTRIBUTIONS TO PENNSYLVANIA AGRICULTURE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in August I was proud to recognize someone from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District who made a big contribution to the Commonwealth’s largest industry—agriculture. James Davis was the recipient of the Huntingdon County Pomona Grange #6 Community Service Award. Mr. Davis has been a strong advocate for agriculture over the past 50 years. As a child, he attended a oneroom schoolhouse before graduating from Juniata Valley High School and later earning a degree in agricultural sciences from Penn State University and a master of arts degree from West Virginia University. He dedicated his life to agriculture education, teaching in Butler, Lebanon, Fulton, and Franklin Counties. He also taught agriculture, science, math, social studies, and English in Juniata Valley School District, later becoming an elementary principal. Along with his brother, he has operated the Peaceful Terrain Farm, which has been in the Davis family since 1832. Jim continues to serve as a volunteer in his community and is an enthusiastic mentor for countless youth across Huntingdon County. Congratulations, Jim. You have earned it. 
ACTION TO REDUCE GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, during this summer’s historically long 53day recess, I heard from many in New York’s capital region about Congress’ failure to pass commonsense gun violence prevention measures. They wonder why nothing will be done after 93 days, the period between Memorial Day and Labor Day, where we witnessed unfathomable horrors like the worst mass shooting in modern American history in Orlando, law enforcement’s deadliest day since 9/11 in Dallas, and a gun homicide death toll of 4,100 Americans around the country. This is way beyond unacceptable. Each new report of a shooting, regardless of its scale, begs the question: What will it take for the House leadership to finally bring legislation to the floor that addresses the root cause of these tragedies? With more than 90 percent of Americans demanding congressional action to reduce gun violence, I am certain my colleagues on the other side heard similar requests from their constituents last month, imploring all of us to take a stand against the national gun lobby and to fight to make all of our communities safer places in which to live. I urge my colleagues to listen to these voices and to join House Democrats in debating and ultimately passing legislation that will prevent dangerous individuals from purchasing firearms. f 
INDIANA BICENTENNIAL TORCH RELAY (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Indiana Bicentennial Torch Relay, which will kick off in Indiana this Friday. 2016 marks two centuries of statehood for my great State, and this relay will see the bicentennial torch—designed, by the way, by the Fourth District’s own Purdue University engineering students— carried through every one of our 92 counties. Along with other Hoosiers, I will have the honor of carrying the torch on Wednesday, October 12, in Fountain County. I am excited for the chance to be involved in this unique and privileged event. This relay will last for over a month, with the route ending at the statehouse on October 15, just in time for the dedication of Bicentennial Plaza, a brandnew public space for both Hoosiers and visitors to enjoy year round. I want to thank the Bicentennial Commission and each member’s great leadership for all they have done to make our State’s bicentennial year memorable for generations to come. 
IT IS TIME WE LISTEN AND ACT (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, before heading to the airport earlier today, I met with a group of mothers from the Massachusetts chapter of Moms Demand Action. Even in a State with some of the strictest gun laws in the country, headlines of lives lost or forever altered by gun violence are commonplace: ‘‘Boston shooting gravely injures man’’; ‘‘Two dead, two injured overnight in Boston shootings’’; ‘‘11yearold boy shot in the face in Abington home’’— all these from the last 2 weeks alone. In the time since we have last voted in this Chamber, guns have taken the lives of thousands of Americans in every corner of this country; and in the weeks to come, they will take thousands more. You cannot tell me we are powerless as men, women, and children carry the wounds of our inaction. You cannot tell me that the answer to this bloodshed is more guns capable of causing greater damage with less regulation; and you cannot tell grieving families that they are just in our thoughts and prayers, but that their memories are just not strong enough to spur action that could prevent another gun from falling into the wrong hands. Mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, friends and colleagues are crying out for this body to address this Nation’s epidemic of gun violence. It is time we listen and act. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF CALEB SCHWAB (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. I would like to honor the memory of Caleb Schwab, who tragically died last month in an accident at a water park in my district. Just 10 years old, Caleb was the amazing son of my good friends Michele and Scott Schwab, whom I have known for years, and Scott and I served together in the Kansas Legislature. Words cannot express how heartbroken I am for them and their boys in this time of devastation. There may be no greater loss in life than a parent losing a child. Children are supposed to bury their parents, and no parent should ever have to bury their own child. Caleb will always be remembered for his love of sports, kindness toward others, and the joy he received from his deep love of the Lord. His parents and brothers will always remember the same question that came out of Caleb’s mouth every day: ‘‘Can I go out and play?’’ Caleb, we will love life to the fullest in your memory, and we know you are playing in heaven. Mr. Speaker, may God bless Scott, Michele, and their family, and may everyone please keep them in your thoughts and prayers. 
LET’S STOP PLAYING POLITICS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, over the August work recess, I met with many constituents, but I also met with my regional Zika task force that included health professionals from the public and private sector who recognize the devastation of the Zika virus. In the continental United States, there are over 2,000 cases. Over 600 pregnant mothers have been impacted by the Zika virus with yet unborn children, and then there are about 30plus cases of transmission right here in the United States. And yet tonight the other body failed to pass the Zika funding. Now is the time. My committee was very constructive. Dr. Persse from the city of Houston talked about surveillance of those coming into their clinics to determine whether they have been impacted by fever and a rash. We have talked about the vaccine and also a Zika act to be able to give information to those who are in need of knowing how to prevent it. Yet the funding is not here. Why? Because we cannot pass a clean Zika funding, emergency funding, without riders. Let’s stop playing politics. Pass the Zika funding. The health professionals insist on it. People are dying. 
REMOVING REDUNDANT RED TAPE (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, there are millions of Americans across our country who are frustrated that Republicans and Democrats are not working together to get things done. Well, I can tell you that is not the case, Mr. Speaker, in the great State of Maine. During the past 6 months, I have worked very hard with Congresswoman CHELLIE PINGREE , a Democrat, who represents our First District in Maine. I am a Republican representing our Second District. Together we have ushered through a very important bill, Mr. Speaker, that removes redundant and harmful red tape from being imposed upon 650 hardworking Mainers who harvest and process sea urchins and cucumbers from the ocean floor. Now, unlike lobsters, Mr. Speaker, that are caught in traps up in Maine, sea urchins and cucumbers are collected on the bottom of the sea floor by those who dive in the cold, dark waters. It is a very dangerous job, and the product is a delicacy in the Far East, but it is very perishable. Now already, Mr. Speaker, Maine officials inspect sea cucumbers and urchins before they leave the State, but the last couple years, U.S. Fish and Wildlife folks down in New York are imposing additional red tape before they can get on cargo planes. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say that I am proud of the Maine commonsense, bipartisan bill that removes this redundant red tape from 650 people who work as hard as anyone you can find. f 
JUDGE POE IS CONFIDENT HE WILL BEAT CANCER (Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, while most of us have been working around in our districts trying to assist others in their lives, one of our number, who is one of the most dedicated public servants in the world, has been fighting leukemia. That is our friend Judge TED POE. He sends this message: ‘‘This summer, while Congress has been out of session, I have undergone treatment here in Houston for leukemia. Fortunately, just 8 weeks into treatment, I am feeling like myself again and am confident I will beat cancer. Incredible progress has been made so far thanks to the good Lord and the worldclass team physicians at MD Anderson. ‘‘Tomorrow I will return to Washington for votes and then be present for as much of the fall session as my treatment schedule will allow. The support I have received during this difficult time has been overwhelming.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘Thank you for your continued thoughts and prayers. This September, during Leukemia Awareness Month, I intend to keep fighting the disease with all that I have while fighting for Texans in the House of Representatives just as I always have. ‘‘And that is just the way it is.’’ 
b1930 STOP THE SLAUGHTER OF CHRISTIANS IN THE MIDDLE EAST (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, as we stand here today, let us remember that the slaughter of Christians in the Middle East continues. The slaughter by radical Islamic terrorists continues as we do our business as usual. We have a President who is even unable to use the words ‘‘radical Islamic terrorists,’’ which could have something to do with the fact that we have had policies that have failed to stop this historic slaughter of Christians in the Middle East. This group has declared jihad on the West and has begun their gruesome bloodletting by targeting Christians in the Middle East for genocide. Again, this administration has failed to do anything to stop the slaughter. Those people who have been permitted into our country from that part of the world, overwhelmingly, have been Muslims and not Christians. It is time for Congress to act. We have not done our job. We have failed as well. We need to pass legislation. I have submitted such legislation that says that, from now on, in that part of the world where Christians have been targeted for genocide, they will be given preference for any refugee status or immigration status into the United States. At the very least, we can do this to stop this slaughter of Christians in the Middle East. f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, as I was flying to Washington from California today, I recalled conversations I had over the weekend with a group of students who are headed back to school at the universities in California and other parts of the Nation. To an individual, I asked them: ‘‘How are you financing it? What are you going to do? Are your parents taking care of you; your grandparents?’’ In some cases, they said: ‘‘Well, they are helping a little bit, but I am going to do this with a student loan.’’ All across this Nation, young men and women and maybe some that are not so young are going back to school to continue their education, to begin it, and, in some cases, learn new skills, and they are taking out student loans. This is an incredible, incredible way in which we have now begun the financing of our higher education system. What does it amount to? Well, let me show you what it amounts to. It amounts to a whopping amount of debt. Among Americans, no other loan program exceeds the amount of student debt, except for home mortgages. It is well over a trillion dollars in 2014, and probably approaching a trillion and a quarter dollars. It is a burden on not just current students, but students from yesterday and from the decades before, still carrying that burden of debt, unable to begin what used to be the normal process of a family, a car, a house, participating in the economic activities of America. But, rather, they are burdened by an extraordinary debt. And here we are in Congress, really not even paying attention to this fundamental American issue. It is an economic issue for the large economy. It is macroeconomic. It is also very, very much a personal issue. Is there one of you out there in America that doesn’t have a son, a daughter, or maybe even yourself that is burdened by this student debt? You are paying interest rates that are 5, 6, 7, 8 percent and you are wondering why, if you are able to refinance your home, why you are not able to refinance your student debt. That is a reasonable question and one that I asked my staff and others: Why 
can’t we refinance this student debt? After all, the Federal Government is able to borrow money for 10 years at less than 2 percent. Why don’t we refinance those loans—that trillion dollars—and bring it down from 5, 6, 7, 8 percent, down to, let’s say, 2 percent, plus 1 percent for the processing costs? We could do it. It is feasible. It is possible. Oh, but it is going to cost the government. Well, yes. Right now, the government is earning a profit on the backs of those students. Over $200 billion of profit will flow into the Federal Government because we, the American public, through the inaction of Congress, are burdening the students of America today and in the past with this incredible amount of debt. So let’s refinance it. Here are some astonishing facts that you may not know. It is $1.2 trillion— actually, more—second only to the mortgage debt. The number of borrowers on the average balance increased by 70 percent between 2004 and 2012. In other words, mostly every student is taking out loans. The average student loan debt for graduates of 2015 is $35,051, a burden that they will carry for many, many years. There are solutions, one of which several of us in Congress and the Senate have proposed, somewhat different versions, but they all amount to refinancing your student debt on current students who are borrowing as well as those in the past that have taken out loans. We can refinance it. Take a look here. My particular legislation would set all student loan interest rates at 3.23 percent. Actually, that was based on the 10year cost of a Federal bond about a year ago. So it is a little less today. Save lowincome borrowers thousands by delaying the interest while they are actually in school. Right now, that interest rate will continue to accrue. I was talking to a person on the airplane today. They said: ‘‘Well, I am going to go back to school, but I can’t continue to pay off my loan just because I get a hiatus.’’ I said: ‘‘Whoa, whoa. Yes, while you are in school, you don’t have to pay, but that interest clock continues to tick along the way.’’ So this legislation would say that if you are continuing your education, the interest clock stops. Also, we want to make sure that the average student can save a lot of money. It amounts to over $2,000 through the life of the loan. By the way, why does the Federal Government currently cause a cost here called the origination fee? I know if you go borrow money or refinance your mortgage, there is a fee. But why would the Federal Government charge a fee for the origination of a loan? Students go down to the student loan office at the university and they take out the loan. The cost to the Federal Government is part of that over $200 billion profit that the Federal Government has. Anyway, we have an opportunity here to address this issue. Now that everybody is focused on this, let’s see what we can do. Changes to the student loan interest rates, we talked about this. If you are a graduate student, it is over 6 percent and so forth. We can bring it down to less than 3 percent based upon today’s rates. There are other people that are involved in this effort to try to deal with the cost of education here in the United States. I want to introduce to you a friend of mine who is often on the floor as we do our EastWest show, PAUL TONKO from the State of New York. I know that he is faced with this issue in his district, as I am in mine. I represent the University of California, Davis and four different community college campuses, all of which have this problem. If he would share with us his situation in New York and what he faces in his district. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for leading us in this Special Order to focus on what is a very strong concern that some in the House have for the costs of higher education. We have prided ourselves as a society on our intellect and our intellectual capacity. That has driven all sorts of entrepreneurship. It has driven new product lines, prototypes that are developed. It really provides for a comeback as an economy, based on the intellect that we can drive into the equation for us as an American society. So it is very important to be able to make certain that whatever those skills, those talents, those abilities, those likes, those passions are of students out there, that they pursue their intellectual development in a way that is not stifled or diminished by the cost of student loans. As you heard from Representative GARAMENDI , that loan activity—student loan debt—rivals that of automobile loans and house loans. Something of the caliber of $1.2 trillion in debt for student loans is not a driving factor that will build our economy. It is one that will have people paying for years and decades for the experience of a higher education. People are adjusting their dreams, they are adjusting their goals, simply by looking at what debt they can assume or what the salary structure may be. That is telling us we are not fitting our skill set or our intellectual ability to the most appropriate journey that we can travel as students because of the debt situation. Now, there are many things that we can do. And that was outlined. Representative GARAMENDI , I look at the student population in New York. I look at the wonderful institutions we have: higher ed institutions, public and private sector, a community college environment that is tremendously strong. Many will suggest that is the campus of choice these days, for economic reasons and for very practical reasons. So we shouldn’t limit that choice because we are not open to change in this arena. We have got to side, I believe, with consumers out there—that being students and their families—making certain that items like loan forgiveness, revisiting our loans and refinancing those loans so they are more affordable and forgiveness that comes for those that may start a business or a social enterprise and assistance that might be given them. I know Secretary Clinton has made mention of that in her campaign for President, making certain that in distressed communities there would be loan forgiveness, I believe, by as much as $17,500, and making certain that we are utilizing the strength of our intellectual capacity, driven by desires of students out there that can then champion the cause of the growth of our economy. But we have to be mindful of the debt with which they are saddled, that we may diminish those dreams, we may suffocate those dreams, simply by the lack of affordability of investing in one’s future. So I stand with our colleagues in the House. I stand with Representative GARAMENDI on the issue of refinancing college loans, making certain that, if you can revisit the situation for your mortgage, why not be able to go forward and revisit that student loan debt that you assume? Again, in Secretary Clinton’s package, she speaks of the opportunity for, I believe, some 25 million borrowers in this country to be able to save upward of $2,000 on their college loan simply by refinancing at today’s rates. b1945 So there is an opportunity for us to be constructive and creative in responding to the needs of our students. We have got to do that. That has to be of utmost priority in this House and in this Congress so that we can go forward and alleviate, however possible, the burden of that student loan debt. No society can continue to function adequately and effectively without addressing the cost of that higher education. These are tools, the higher education opportunities are the tools in the kit that enable people to truly aspire to their dreams, to their goals, and to be able to utilize fully their given abilities that have been fostered and nurtured and brought to the forefront. That discovery is made through K–12, and it is denying that selfdiscovery of what your strengths are, simply by the cost of a college loan, that is diminishing that opportunity. So let’s go forward. We know what to champion here in terms of forgiveness of repayment of direction that can be fostered by the Department of Education, where there can be, again, a revisiting of loans, refinancing those loans in a powerful way that enables us, again, to do the economically strong thing for this Nation and for individual students and their families. You know, as was made mention by the gentleman from California, these 
are loans that are visited not only years, but decades into the posthigher ed experience, where people are then hampered when it comes to other choices of growing a family, having a family, raising that family, maintaining a household. These are situations that we need to address so that the freedom of choice to these individual students is fully freedom, fully allowed to be addressed by them, as individuals who want to make choices for their future. Again, thank you, Representative GARAMENDI , for leading us in this Special Order. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gentleman from New York with whom we have often on the floor talked about many, many issues, including making it in America and building a strong economy here. But a strong economy really depends upon the individuals that work in that economy, and if they are saddled with student debt, they are not able to really explore and really carry out all of their potential. So what we want to do is to address this issue. You mentioned the Presidential campaigns, and Secretary Clinton, she actually has a very strong and robust and fulsome program dealing with the cost of education. She does have an additional item beyond the debt issues, which you very well explained that she wants to pursue. She also has a program in place where all families who earn initially less than $85,000 a year would be able to go to a State university, public university in their State, at no cost, and that would then grow to $125,000 in the next 4 years. That is really extraordinary. That is pretty much like it was when I went to school a few decades ago and the University of California was literally free. We had a couple of—I don’t know—$125 for the Student Union and some athletic programs, but it was tuitionfree. Those are bygone days. But Secretary Clinton believes—and I think she is correct—that it is possible for the Federal Government to institute programs that would make higher education free for those families that earn initially less than $85,000, and then growing to less than $125,000. What an enormous boom that would be to the economy. So I am excited. I am excited about the potential here in the House of Representatives. PETER WELCH , our colleague from Vermont, has introduced a bill that is identical to Senator WARREN’s over in the Senate, and they have a refinancing bill, similar to my bill. My bill goes a little bit further because we not only lower the cost of current students’ loans, but we go to those loans that are on the books. So we can deal with this. We have the ability and the economic strength in this Nation to deal with it. I know you may have some additional comments on that, but my mind, as we were talking here and I was thinking about this Special Order hour, went to the young and the notso young that have student loans, but also to those that are now in their more senior years and the issues that they face in their senior years. So perhaps we can shift to that, unless you have some additional things on student loans. Mr. TONKO. Well, let me just make mention that—associating my comments with those that you just made about the opportunities for working families to have that tuition issue addressed, I believe that would cover some 80 percent of American families, which, to me, is a tremendously strong number universe. Mr. GARAMENDI. Wow. 80 percent of American families would be able to send their kids to school without tuition costs. Mr. TONKO. Would be able to participate in that program. I think that when we start to address those numbers, you can imagine the impact that that would have on revitalizing our economy, producing the talent that we need. You know, I am impressed with the startup businesses that students at various campuses that I represent are being offered, these wonderful startup opportunities that are tremendously creative and innovative, and that was all triggered by—the inspiration came through work in the classroom and in labs that they may have in pursuing their degree. This is the sort of climate that you want to grow, not shrink; and that is why these opportunities for these many, many families in this Nation— to have that benefit, that is how we prosper. Also, when we talk about Secretary Clinton’s plan, I believe it is that there is the proposal to make certain that community colleges be free for all families, for all working families, making certain that we are in compliance with what the President has suggested many times over during his administration, the soughtfor degree, that working knowledge of an associate’s degree, where there is oftentimes handson experience through that matriculation. It is so important for us to recognize that community colleges oftentimes speak to the needs in an atypical fashion, where there may be individuals working and going to school, raising a family, going to school, keeping it close to home, so that there is affordability in that regard; and making certain that, again, we have that need for the business community, for the commerce community, to be met so that this handson training, educating, matriculating is made possible through the community college which oftentimes is the campus of choice. So I think it is putting all the dynamics of what is changing in our society into a working order. And I have to compliment Secretary Clinton for having that commitment, making that commitment to students, their families, our Nation, our economic resurgence, our recovery, and, certainly, to the innovation economy that finds us working within an international marketplace, where we can’t afford to go backward or stand still. We need to go forward, and a plan like this will enable us to empower the engine of higher education that then takes us to new levels. We have talked about this many times over. There is a pioneer spirit in this Nation. I am a host community to the original pioneer spirit, I believe, in terms of an Erie Canal movement that sparked a westward movement and an industrial revolution. You see it with all sorts of tech valleys that have driven the economy. These are the dynamics of which we speak so often on this floor, that need to be heeded, need to be made priority in our agenda of getting work done so that this Nation can again stretch its opportunities to all the folks that we can so that we will then provide those opportunities which create that intellectual capacity. Mr. GARAMENDI. I am so pleased that you brought up this issue of entrepreneurs. I know you often talk about this as something that is very important to you personally and the work that you have done before you came to Congress in New York State with the entrepreneurial activities of that State. But I also note that Secretary Clinton, who was a Senator from New York, perhaps had listened to you during those years, and is carrying in her proposal a very special program for entrepreneurs. I am thinking about a group that I met with in Davis, California, this last year, a group that actually nourishes students that are wanting to start a business. And as you said, coming out of the science or out of the technology or other areas, they come upon an idea where they want to grow a business. Well, Secretary Clinton has loan forgiveness as part of her education package that would forgive $17,500 of their student loans when they begin that business. When they become entrepreneurs and it begins to operate, there is this loan forgiveness. So suddenly they go into a program where they are $17,500 less debt on their balance sheet. An enormous act, an enormous piece of advantage. I am also thinking about—this is not directly to the entrepreneurs, but to home buyers. That student loan prevents people from buying a home because it shows up on their balance sheet and they are not able to get on with it. I really like what Secretary Clinton is proposing here because it goes along with what you and I and many of our colleagues see as an impediment to economic growth and individual growth in our Nation. Mr. TONKO. I think that, certainly, there is no denying that the training of the workforce of the future requires all sorts of insertion of technology, hands 
on, cutting edge, perhaps aheadofthe curve sort of mentality applied in the classroom, and that can happen when we invest and invest appropriately. You talk about the Secretary’s plan—Secretary Clinton’s plan. I believe she extends that beyond business. It can be social enterprise also, so you can help distressed communities with these startups and everybody wins. It’s an acrosstheboard win situation. And, you know, it is the kind of focus we need for that front end of life, for that earlyinprofessionaldevelopment stages of our economy on the age spectrum scale. To your point, there also needs to be compassion expressed and concern expressed for the opposite end, for the more senior in our society. And you and I have seen what investments are required there, including those for caregivers who provide respite for what is a growing phenomenon there with Alzheimer’s in the senior elements of our society. Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly. We have been talking about students, some of whom are young, some not so young, and others who are carrying those student loans. But if you begin to look at the totality of society, and if we care about each other and about what is happening in our communities, we come to the more senior years, and immediately we find that seniors are faced with a host of issues. One of the issues—and I am glad you brought this up—is Alzheimer’s and dementia. Let me show you something that we developed here. This is a graph of the cost of Alzheimer’s in our society. It is growing very, very rapidly. You can see right now we are spending somewhere around $236 billion a year on it. And as the population ages, which is part of the baby boom, and the fact that we are all going to get older, we figure by 2050 that we will be spending $1.3 trillion a year to deal with Alzheimer’s. It is an extraordinary burden and it is probably one that will bust the bank, the Medicare bank, and the Medicaid bank. We know that these costs are shared largely by the Federal Government and by individuals and families. In my own family, my motherinlaw was a victim of Alzheimer’s, and she spent her last 3 years of her life in our home and we were able to care for her, but that is unusual. For most families, it is a burden that cannot be afforded, so that cost then comes to the Medicare and the Medicaid program. In fact, the single biggest expense in Medicaid is dementia and Alzheimer’s. This is one where we are faced with an enormous challenge, but it is a challenge that actually may have a solution. Let me put up another chart here before we get to that issue of how to deal with this. This is one that deals with— the cost of caring for seniors with Alzheimer’s will increase nearly fivefold by 2050, and here we have broken down the cost, Medicare and Medicaid, $1.1 trillion in 2050 and the extraordinary rise. But the burden for the Federal Government becomes awesome and, frankly, probably unaffordable. Can we do something about it? I think so. And this takes us back to what we were talking about earlier, about the universities and about research. Let me just put this up very quickly. What happens when we invest in research? Well, let’s take a look at what we do invest in research. We know, for example, that for cancer we are investing about—Federal government dollars now—$5.5 billion a year for cancer research. This is through the National Institute of Health. For HIV/AIDS, somewhere near almost $3 billion a year. For cardiovascular problems, a little over $2 billion a year. For Alzheimer’s, it is now about $900 million a year. So we were able this last year—in 2015–16 budget year, we were able to increase from $560 million to just under $1 billion. So we have ramped up. We thank President Obama for putting that in his budget, and for all of our colleagues, Democrat and Republican, for approving that additional funding for research. b2000 But what does research mean? What does it mean when we actually research these illnesses? It is incredible. One very quick chart here will show you what happens when we invest in research. I know, Mr. TONKO , this is a big issue in your district. It is a big issue—not just the illness, but the research, because New York is one of the great research centers. Deaths from major diseases, 2000 to 2013. So what has happened with breast cancer? We have seen a small decline in breast cancer deaths. Prostate cancer, we have seen an 11 percent decline in prostate cancer deaths; heart disease, 14 percent decline; for strokes, 23 percent decline; for HIV/AIDS, a 52 percent decline. What is that decline a result of? Obviously, better medical care, but also research. So what has happened with Alzheimer’s? Remember that we were investing basically at onetenth of what we invest in cancer and onefourth of what we invest in heart disease. For Alzheimer’s disease, we have seen a 71 percent increase—not a decrease in the number of deaths but, rather, an increase in the number of deaths. So as we ramp up the research, will we be able to see this kind of reduction in deaths? Well, we would hope so. But what we do know is that if we are able to delay the onset of this terrible illness, quality of life will be better, and the cost to the public and to families will decline. I know, Mr. TONKO , that in your area, while your family may not have been directly affected by Alzheimer’s, I know that you are seriously interested in it because you see it in your community as I do in mine. Mr. TONKO. Right. Absolutely. I see it. It is the walk taken by many, many families that I represent. I have to share with you that it has touched my family also. So it behooves all of us to be there in this universal format to speak to what is a growing, growing problem. I was struck by the dollar figures you shared and the bankrupting of our situation with Alzheimer’s and student loans. We are driving—we are driving such heavy burdens on to all of us as a society that it challenges us to come forward with some order of prevention and some order of hope that will be driven into the efforts that we currently share to speak more wisely and speak more compassionately to these situations. I am reminded that the brain is the least researched organ of the body. Now, that alone should speak to us forcefully. Think of not only Alzheimer’s but the many neurologically based situations that affect numbers of people out there from the very young to the more senior, the most senior. The brain, as an organ, needs to be researched, and so we need to make certain that we share that message here in the halls of government. Let’s bring the hope to the doorstep of individuals who are rendered hopeless at times, who see their loved ones crumble and become someone different. We know that we can invest in that research and that we do have the minds that can lead us in those research attempts and efforts. When we look at the budget for Alzheimer’s, less than one cent of every dollar invested in speaking to and treating Alzheimer’s disease is spent on research. We had put together legislation a couple of sessions ago now that require that we have these Alzheimer’s townhalls and put together a plan as a nation to speak to conquering the effects of Alzheimer’s. It meant that we have to have certain orders of budgeting done to speak to Alzheimer’s. Then we further improved upon that with legislation that said that this budget is not going to be put together with its guidelines in an ordinary process. It was going to bring in the clinicians and the professionals who speak to the Alzheimer’s issues as a disease, and they will put together this professional budgeting that will tell us from now to 2025 what that budget will be, what the demands on the system should be. So that, again, renders a budget that is speaking to the soundness of numbers for the investment made to conquer Alzheimer’s. I think that is the professional approach to be taken. It is the compassionate approach to be taken. Now we are working on issues, on legislation, that will allow for coverage, Medicare coverage, for planning 
when you, as an individual, and better said, as a family, are impacted by Alzheimer’s, let’s do the planning. What should we expect? How do we walk through this with the greatest amount of dignity and effectiveness? That planning will be covered if this legislation were to be approved. So there are things we can do here. It really is a challenge, I believe, in these times to make certain that research dollars are available that will, again, study the organ in the body that is least researched, Representative GARAMENDI . I know that, by pushing our colleagues who share our beliefs on this issue, we can get it done. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank you so very much for bringing up the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act. The new money that goes into it, this additional 300plus million dollars bringing it up to some $900 million a year is accountable. There are specific plans that are needed; there is a mechanism to prioritize the expenditures—all of those things. So it is not just money that is going to be thrown out there. I am also reminded that this issue is one that is a brain issue, obviously, but that is an issue that affects our soldiers who have got PTSD, traumatic brain injury, posttraumatic stress syndrome, all of those things for our veterans who have come back, which, again, is an issue of the brain. If we are studying Alzheimer’s, we will also be studying those issues. About 3 years ago now, in the National Defense Authorization Act, we enacted a provision that required the Department of Defense, as it goes about dealing with these terrible problems that the veterans have with post traumatic stress or the other brain injuries, coordinate their work with other brain researchers. So we really need to understand that we have one mind, one human brain, and the research will go at it from different symptoms and different diseases, but it is still dealing with the brain. So the sharing of knowledge is a part of what this accountability act will bring forward to us. We have challenges. We have many, many challenges, and this issue of Alzheimer’s that was in the omnibus bill last year and our Republican colleagues, our Democratic colleagues, all alike faced with this issue in their families and their communities, voted in support of this legislation. So this is not a partisan issue. This is a human issue and an American issue. It is one that we can deal with, and we really do have the money to do it. Mr. TONKO. I think, too, it speaks to the priorities, again, that we need to carve into the budget work that we do. We make a statement with the budget. We identify with the great public, the great many of us, as to what we believe are those champion issues and what we need to take into concern first and foremost. While we may have cast this into opposite ends of the age spectrum, what really strikes me is, when the Alzheimer’s advocacy community comes to Washington on their given flyin day, every year you hear of numbers going lower and lower in the population, so that you begin to wonder: Is this genetics, is it geriatrics, or is it environmental? What is driving it? But lower and lower creeps the age. Mr. GARAMENDI. The early onset. Mr. TONKO. When some of the early onset occurs. So, again, it affects all of us in a way that, while you may research Alzheimer’s or dementia in a broader sense, it unlocks the door to untold possibilities of discovery, genetic discovery, whatever it might be, gene therapy, gene awareness that might come about that speaks to a plethora of issues that affect the brain. So many, many are graced with the opportunities of research. We as a nation can partner—the private sector, academia—with the public, with the government. It is the message that I hear as a contrast, government isn’t an enemy force. Our domestic investment has shrunk in many ways. We need to ramp up the opportunities for hope, for discovery, for intellectual capacity, and for achieving our dreams. We can do that by this concerted effort to do it with our eyes wide open and with a sense of morality driven by the heart filled and soulful attempts to really adjust our framework to go to those issues that require the partnership of our government. Mr. GARAMENDI. As you talk about partnerships, I’m thinking about many of the partnerships that do exist already and those that could exist. This brain research, Alzheimer’s, and other brain issues are researched around the world. There is an organization that I am familiar with in California that one of our friends from the Napa Valley started, a program called the One Mind Institute. Our former colleague, Mr. KENNEDY , is part of that organization. We have one human brain, and if we could pull together the research from all around the United States and all around the world so that there is a sharing of information, perhaps we will get to some knowledge much, much faster. So I am really heartened by the effort that the Congress has made thus far to almost double the research for Alzheimer’s. I look forward in this month of September as we put together our appropriations, which hopefully we will, or even a continuing resolution, that we would keep in mind that this is an area where money could be well spent. We make choices here in Congress, and I just want to lay out, as I prepare to close, and then if you would also, Mr. TONKO , among the choices we make is one that I deal with on my committee assignments. I am on the House Armed Services Committee, and I am on the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. Strategic arms mean nuclear weapons. I just am troubled—deeply, deeply troubled—by what we are in the process of doing here in the United States as well as Russia, China, and perhaps other places around the world in rebuilding our entire nuclear arsenal. If you take all of the various things that are involved in that nuclear arsenal—the rockets, the bombs, the submarines, the airplanes, and all the command and control systems—in the next 20 years, 25 years, we will spend $1 trillion—$1 trillion—on that whole system. I just often think what if we were to spend just a small portion of that, maybe $1 billion a year or $2 billion a year of the $1 trillion on brain research, what would it mean to American families? What would it mean to families around the world? There is not going to be a family in this world that doesn’t suffer from this Alzheimer’s thing if they live long enough. So we make choices here, and I wrestle with those choices. But in this particular case, the choice is clear. I prefer to spend some portion of that money on this Alzheimer’s issue and on the students and, therefore, on the very important future of this Nation. That would be my choice, and hopefully our colleagues and the American public would see the wisdom of that. Mr. TONKO , would you like to close? Mr. TONKO. Yes. I again thank the gentleman from California for bringing us together this evening for discussion on what I believe are very highpriority items that face us in this Congress. I think it is important for us to speak with that anecdotal evidence and to put a human face on all of these discussions. We talk about illnesses like Alzheimer’s, dementia, and neurologically based issues. There is also an issue of the illness of addiction that can be benefited; it can be responded to by research. So my pledge always to my district and, similarly, their request of me is to provide for that human empathy, provide for those stories, the countless stories of individuals who walk the journey that is so very difficult and how they could be assisted simply by the burning sense of hope that we can address, that we can bring to their lives, this focus and this commodity of hope that provides them the extra energy and the ability to walk their journey, walk straight through the bit of difficulty that faces them. b2015 We are a great Nation. We can be made even greater by our intellect investing in research, investing in student loan reform, and investing in Alzheimer’s, a disease that can bankrupt the system. These are wise choices driven by human compassion and responded to, I hope, with a passion that you hear from the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), and that all of us need to embrace as we walk this journey together and make certain our government is an effective government responding wholeheartedly to a given cause. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. T ONKO ), my friend and colleague, for the passion and commitment he has to his people and to the American people and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DESJARLAIS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of doctor ordered travel limitations for arthroscopic surgery. Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. ROSS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of medical reasons. Mr. RUPPERSBERGER (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of health related. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pursuant to House Resolution 841, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 7, 2016, at 10 a.m., for morninghour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Mark Takai. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 5578. A bill to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–707, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3286. A bill to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–708). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3471. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–709). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3974. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department; and for other purposes, with amendments (Rept. 114–710). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3881. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest; with an amendment (Rept. 114–711). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4245. A bill to exempt importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; with amendments (Rept. 114–712, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5577. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas lease sales through Internetbased live lease sales, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–713). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3839. A bill to transfer 
administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–714, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1157. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–715). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3342. A bill to provide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–716). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3843. A bill to authorize for a 7year period the collection of claim location and maintenance fees, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–717, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4576. A bill to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–718). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5468. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for prepayment of repayment obligations under Repayment Contracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District (Rept. 114–719). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. House Resolution 169. Resolution acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific lead to World War II (Rept. 114–720). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 1579. An act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States (Rept. 114–721 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–722). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4850. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain microofferings from the registration requirements of such Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–723). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 843. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 724). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 844. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2357) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Form S–3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a national securities exchange as an additional basis for satisfying the requirements of General Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to remove such listing and registration as a requirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 725). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4852. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Regulation D relating to exemptions from registration requirements for certain sales of securities; with an amendment (Rept. 114–726). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce and House Administration discharged from further consideration. S. 1579 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state on the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3839 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3843 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means and Foreign Affairs discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4245 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5578 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. ZELDIN , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. NUNES , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. D ENT, Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. COOK, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): H.R. 5931. A bill to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. ZELDIN ): H.R. 5932. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate copayments by the Department of Veterans Affairs for medicines relating to preventive health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 5933. A bill to rescind certain Federal funds identified by States as unwanted and use the funds to reduce the Federal debt; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. D ENT): H.R. 5934. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to add certain synthetic substances to schedule I, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. MULVANEY , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina): H.R. 5935. A bill to repeal the violation of sovereign nations’ laws and privacy matters; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself and Mr. TEDLIEUof California): H.R. 5936. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreements with certain health care providers to furnish health care to veterans, to authorize the Secretary to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, to make certain improvements to the enhanceduse lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5937. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in MarneslaCoquette, France, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5938. A bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to permit the flag of the United States to be flown at halfstaff in the event of the death of the Mayor of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5939. A bill to require employers to provide pay stubs, codify the executive order relating to Government contracting, provide greater oversight of executive compensation and restrictions on sales of stocks, clarify the definition of a supervisor, and enhance penalties for violations of workforce safety and standards; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. ROSKAM, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5940. A bill to To prohibit the President from using funds appropriated under 
section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, to make payments to Iran, to impose sanctions with respect to Iranian persons that hold or detain United States citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Rules, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself and Mr. ZELDIN ): H.R. 5941. A bill to provide for congressional review of transfers of funds from Executive agencies to state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Res. 841. A resolution expressing the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Mark Takai, a Representative from the State of Hawaii; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 842. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the terrorist attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, on the 15th anniversary of that date; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services, Transportation and Infrastructure, the Judiciary, Homeland Security, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOBIONDO (for himself, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. P OSEY , and Ms. CASTOR of Florida): H. Res. 845. A resolution supporting the designation of the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as National Estuaries Week; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 846. A resolution calling on Congress to enact a new preclearance formula for the Voting Rights Act and condemning voter suppression laws enacted by States and political subdivisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
290. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Kansas, relative to Resolution No. 1798, opposing the Obama Administration Title IX guidance as an act of executive overreach that threatens the rights to privacy, safety and education of students in Kansas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 291. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of New Jersey, relative to Resolution No. 37, urging the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and Congress to investigate practices involving direct and indirect remuneration fees and take appropriate steps to safeguard fairness and transparency; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 5931. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5932. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 5933. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5934. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5935. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5936. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5937. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5938. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5939. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Powe r...T o  regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5940. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5941. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 188: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 213: Mr. TONKO , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. FARR, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. RYANof Ohio, and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 225: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 226: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. COHEN , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 232: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 250: Mr. REED. H.R. 286: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 292: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 430: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 539: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 546: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 584: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 592: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 605: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 663: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 670: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. MCKINLEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 700: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 711: Mr. BLUM, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. R OGERS  of Kentucky, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 745: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 746: Mr. NADLER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 759: Mrs. LOVE, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 875: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 902: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 920: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 921: Mr. CONNOLLY and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 932: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1061: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1062: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 1089: Mr. COOK and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 1151: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. C OFFMAN. H.R. 1209: Mr. POMPEO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. TONKO , and Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia. H.R. 1211: Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 1248: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1258: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1316: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1342: Mr. LANCE and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1356: Mr. REED. H.R. 1380: Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.R. 1387: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 1399: Mr. REED. H.R. 1427: Mr. BOST, Mr. D ENT, Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 1453: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1538: Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1559: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 1600: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 1602: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1603: Mr. REED. H.R. 1618: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1653: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1706: Ms. DELBENEand Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1728: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 1854: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1856: Ms. LEE. H.R. 1877: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1902: Mr. ENGEL and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 1976: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 2035: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2058: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 2096: Mr. JOYCE , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2101: Miss RICEof New York and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2102: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2151: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 2173: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2174: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 2191: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2246: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 2278: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 2290: Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. WENSTRUP , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 2302: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2313: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 2315: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2319: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 2342: Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2355: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2368: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. CAPPS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. HIGGINS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MOORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. PINGREE , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. TONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. WELCH , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. HUFFMAN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . H.R. 2404: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 2441: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2461: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 2493: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2519: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2536: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 2656: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2715: Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2726: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 2775: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 2817: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 2846: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2902: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. N ADLER, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. BEYER , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. CLAY, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 2903: Mr. FLORES , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 2972: Mr. CLAYand Mr. R USH. H.R. 2991: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3084: Mr. ROSS, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3099: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. HONDA . H.R. 3119: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. H AHN, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. Roskam, and Mr. R OGERSof Alabama. H.R. 3130: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 3229: Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. HASTINGS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3235: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 3244: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3255: Mr. KLINE. H.R. 3323: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3337: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 3365: Mr. COHEN and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 3381: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 3397: Mr. YODER and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 3411: Mr. MCNERNEY and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 3520: Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 3522: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 3523: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 3546: Ms. MENG, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. D ENT, Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. WELCH . H.R. 3573: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3632: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3652: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3660: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3712: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3713: Mrs. LOVE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3765: Mr. HILL, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 3790: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 3815: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. TROTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3886: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Grijalva, and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3929: Mr. HIMES, Ms. L EE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 4016: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 4019: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4055: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4057: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4162: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4211: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4212: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 4229: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4247: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 4277: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. LEE, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 4399: Mr. RICHMOND and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4435: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4475: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4480: Mr. HECKof Washington and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4481: Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, and Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 4485: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4499: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 4514: Mr. PALAZZO , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4515: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 4523: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 4552: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4585: Mr. PETERSON , Ms. L EE, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4592: Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 4598: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 4613: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4616: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4621: Mr. HONDA , Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4622: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 4626: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. S CHRADER , and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 4636: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 4640: Mr. RATKO . H.R. 4662: Mr. CONNOLLY and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4667: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 4695: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, and Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 4696: Ms. NORTON and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4706: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4708: Ms. MOORE , Ms. B ROWN of Flor ida, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. KUSTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. K IND, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4715: Mr. FOSTER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4760: Mr. HARPER , Mr. G RAVES of Lou isiana, and Mr. WESTMORELAND . H.R. 4764: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, Mr. RUSH, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 4766: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 4773: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4784: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4796: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4817: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4893: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 4919: Mr. COHEN , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 4932: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 4938: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mrs. CAPPS , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. JONES , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 4955: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4980: Mr. MASSIE , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4989: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5006: Ms. NORTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 5021: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 5023: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 5061: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5073: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5097: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5143: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5147: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5167: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5177: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 5180: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RAT, Mr. HILL, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 5182: Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. KILMER . 
H.R. 5190: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5204: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 5215: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 5219: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , and Mrs. C APPS . H.R. 5230: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 5232: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5240: Mrs. WAGNER and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 5265: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5292: Mr. BUCSHON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 5304: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5321: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mr. HONDA . H.R. 5333: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 5351: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. DESJARLAIS , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5386: Mr. JONES , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. SCHIFF , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 5395: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5405: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5426: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 5432: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5475: Mr. COHEN and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5499: Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 5552: Mr. BRIDENSTINE and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 5555: Mr. PETERS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. HARPER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5560: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. FARR, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 5576: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5578: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 5587: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. HECKof Nevada, Mr. I SSA, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5589: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 5601: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5619: Mr. BURGESS and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 5620: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 5632: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 5682: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5686: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5689: Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. MENG, and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5691: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. FOSTER , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5692: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 5693: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. T EDLIEU of California. H.R. 5708: Mr. PITTS, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. ROHRABACHER , and Mr. D ESANTIS . H.R. 5719: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 5720: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5727: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 5732: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. MCCAUL, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L ORETTA  SANCHEZ of California, Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 5745: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5750: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 5756: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. HONDA , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. LEE, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5765: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 5790: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 5799: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5809: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 5810: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 5815: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 5816: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 5859: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5904: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 5920: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 5930: Ms. LEE. H.J. Res. 9: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. LANCE . H.J. Res. 22: Mr. ASHFORD . H.J. Res. 23: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H. Con. Res. 19: Mrs. WALORSKI . H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. BABIN, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M ULVANEY . H. Con. Res. 141: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL . H. Con. Res. 146: Mr. HILLand Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 28: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Ms. DELAURO . H. Res. 54: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H. Res. 112: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H. Res. 130: Mr. LEWIS. H. Res. 154: Miss RICEof New York. H. Res. 207: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H. Res. 220: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S CHRADER . H. Res. 265: Mr. GIBSON . H. Res. 289: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 352: Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. HULTGREN . H. Res. 469: Mr. CALVERT . H. Res. 487: Mr. PEARCE . H. Res. 494: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H. Res. 528: Mr. VELAand Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 650: Ms. DEGETTE . H. Res. 660: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H. Res. 683: Mrs. BEATTY and Ms. L EE. H. Res. 703: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 729: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. SCALISE . H. Res. 748: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H. Res. 752: Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. LEVIN, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. N EAL, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. Z INKE. H. Res. 769: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 807: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. RUIZ. H. Res. 808: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 813: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Res. 821: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 835: Mr. HULTGREN . H. Res. 836: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. GOSAR . H. Res. 837: Mr. BEYER and Mr. L EWIS. H. Res. 840: Ms. MOORE , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. NORTON , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative JOHNCONYERS , JR. or a designee, to H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative BILLFOSTER or a designee, to H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
79. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Councilmember Carla Smith, Atlanta, GA, relative to Resolution 16R3942, urging the United States Congress to identify a reliable funding stream to address deferred maintenance needs of America’s National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 80. Also, a petition of the Governing Body of the City of Santa Fe, New Mexico, relative to Resolution No. 201656, urging Congress to create a reliable, predictable stream of resources to address deferred maintenance needs in America’s National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 81. Also, a petition of The City Commission of Miami Beach, FL, relative to Resolution No. 201629482, calling upon federal and state elected officials to collaborate with local officials and first responders to prevent mass shootings and largescale human loss of life and suffering from mass shootings in America by limiting the availability and use of military grade, high capacity magazine assault weapons to law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 82. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would grant to Congress the ability to veto, by simple majority vote of at least one house of Congress, any rule, any regulation, any policy, or any procedure adopted by any agency within the Executive branch of the Federal Government, with the sole exception of the Executive Office of the President; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 83. Also, a petition of the City Council of East Orange, NJ, relative to Resolution I178, encouraging Congress to pass common sense gun sale restriction laws on those listed on the ‘‘Terror Watch List’’ designation by the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5227 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2016 No. 133 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 