Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of continued terror around the globe and here at home, the American people are rightfully asking what solutions exist within the Halls of Congress, and they are rightfully asking questions about national security and, yes, about the Second Amendment and about firearms. The numbers don’t lie. Eightyfive percent of Americans believe that if you are being investigated for terror, you should not be able to purchase a firearm; but 88 percent of Americans also believe that this body should follow the Constitution. The congressional approval rating— not 58 percent, not 88 percent—is somewhere around 10 percent. Why? It is because the American people want to see a Congress that is governing, a Congress that is solving problems. We each run on closely held convictions, and we should honor those every day in the Halls of this body. The days of reaching consensus seem to be imperiled, seem to be just out of reach. We prioritize the politics of blame over the politics of governing. We prioritize the politics of November over the politics of now. In the past few weeks, this conflict has played out in very real time on very closely held issues, personal issues right here in this well. My friends on the left want to vote on a bill that will lose. It will lose. We on the right are often chastised for bringing up legislation that will be vetoed, with the question, ‘‘Why even go down that road?’’ The same questions can be asked about why do we demand a vote on a bill that will lose, and it will lose based on constitutional convictions about a lack of due process in the current draft of the no fly, no buy bill. Eightyeight percent of Americans support the Constitution, and that includes due process. Current restrictions on firearm purchases are all postadjudication—if you have been adjudicated mentally incompetent, if you have been adjudicated and convicted of a violent crime, if you have been adjudicated and separated dishonorably from the Armed Forces. But a no fly, no buy list with no process says there is no adjudication, and that raises constitutional convictions, which is why that bill would go down. My friends on the right are rightfully concerned over a slippery slope about the Second Amendment, a fundamental right to purchase and bear firearms. We can’t let this debate end in inaction, which is the great fear of the next 2 weeks. The truth is we can protect the Second Amendment, we can protect due process, and we can protect communities throughout the country, which is why I have introduced H.R. 5544 as a consensus bill. Is it perfect? Perhaps not, but work with me to make it better. It says this: If you are being investigated as a terror suspect, you can’t buy a firearm. But if your government denies you the right to purchase that firearm, your government has 10 days to notify you they did so because you are being investigated. You are then entitled to a due process hearing within 30 days at which the government has the burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to prove why you shouldn’t be able to purchase a firearm. The individual is entitled to see all unclassified evidence, and the hearing remains private to protect the interests of the individual and the interests of government. My bill would also notify law enforcement if somebody who is the subject of a closed investigation later tries to purchase a firearm. We can probably make it better together. We can add reimbursement of court fees. We can allow a provision in the Collins bill that says law enforcement should be allowed to let a transfer go through if it helps an investigation as opposed to hindering it. To the left, it provides no fly, no buy with due process. To the right, it protects the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment is not infringed because someone is being investigated. It is infringed because someone is denied the right to purchase a firearm, which is why my bill finally provides due process and puts the burden of proof on the government if that right is denied. We can do this. We can actually do this. We can reach consensus on both sides of the aisle. The real scandal in 
this town right now is not about sit ins. The real scandal is not about inaction. The real scandal is that this isn’t that hard. This isn’t that hard. Eightyfive percent of Americans say no fly, no buy. Eightyeight percent say support the Constitution. So let’s do that. Let’s stand with those who support no fly, no buy. Let’s stand with those who support the Constitution. And let’s give some level of hope to cling to, to the 90 percent of this country who disapprove of what is happening in this Chamber right now. A demand for a bill that will go nowhere only promises inaction that makes its way into political commercials in November. Ignoring the fact that America wants no fly, no buy is also catering to the politics of November. Let’s cast aside this current debate and recognize that the solutions are right in front of us if we extract the politics out of this. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last week Congress concluded with a spotlight on gun safety and the yawning chasm between the attitudes of the Republicancontrolled Congress and the needs and desires of the American people. Why should America be the only developed Nation on the planet that cannot protect its families from gun violence? Obviously, there are no simple solutions in a Nation where there is a gun for every adult, where a halfdozen people have been killed in recent years by their pets, and even babies kill parents and their siblings with guns. Too many people feel that more guns and fewer protections is the solution, obscuring the fact that the overwhelming majority of the American public agrees that there are things we can do and that it is irresponsible and cynical not to try. For more than 24 hours last week, my Democratic colleagues and I discussed many of these solutions on the floor of the House, demanding action on three. For instance, over 90 percent of the American public and a majority of gun owners agreed that there should be no anonymous secret purchases of weapons. There should be a universal background check. People who cannot buy firearms at a gun store should not be able to buy guns over the Internet or at gun shows anonymously. The American public supports us in our efforts to make it harder for people the government has deemed too dangerous to buy a plane ticket to purchase assault weapons. And it is past time to eliminate the outrageous prohibition against the Centers for Disease Control to even study the epidemic of gun violence that kills three or four Americans every hour. These solutions are not really that hard. They would be a signal that we are serious about trying to change the gun violence equation that kills about 90 people every day. I returned to Oregon last week and had encouraging meetings with dozens of people who have been leading the charge in my home State, who are redoubling their efforts. They have demonstrated that steps can be taken through the political process and are committed to building upon their commonsense actions. For example, they led the charge to prevent people with a history of domestic violence and restraining orders from purchasing guns. The Oregon Legislature finally enacted universal background checks, like we are seeking at the Federal level, and the Oregon House of Representatives even passed legislation last session that would have closed the socalled ‘‘Charleston Loophole’’ where law enforcement has a 10day delay for a purchase if the police are unable to determine that purchaser’s qualifications. I was impressed and encouraged that these ordinary citizens, so devoted to this cause, are committing to taking on the issue further at the State and local level and making it an issue in the political elections in the fall wherever they can. It is only that type of activity that will overcome the inertia, the temerity, and the cynicism of people who are apologists for gun violence. The same way we embarked upon a decadeslong crusade to reduce traffic fatalities that cut that death rate in half, we need to embark on a similar crusade to reduce gun violence. The Members who took to the floor over 24 hours showed a powerful expression of policy and emotion that used to be seen on the floor of this House but is, sadly, seldom in evidence today. But it is not too late. Congress should do its part to at least allow the issue the attention and the consideration we would give to any other public health crisis and end the shame of being the only developed Nation on the planet that cannot protect its families from gun violence. 
WEST VIRGINIA FLOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RIGELL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, West Virginians are facing tremendous hardship from devastating floods we experienced nearly 2 weeks ago. In a matter of hours, more than 20 people were killed, hundreds of homes destroyed, and thousands of residents’ lives were turned upsidedown. Through the heartbreak, stories of heroism have emerged. Neighbors have offered a helping hand to strangers. Our churches and schools have opened their doors to people in need and those who have lost their homes are still volunteering at our command centers and food lines. This is what makes West Virginia special. When things get tough, we get working. We band together and we are stronger together. I have traveled throughout our flood ravaged communities doing what I can to support our recovery. Along the way, I have met brave people, selfless people, and some of the kindest people you would ever get a chance to know. In the basement of the Summersville Baptist Church, thousands of family photographs from just one family lay on tables curled and soaked in floodwater. Church youth group members worked to take each picture out of its frame or album and spread them out to dry. This parishioner may have lost her home, but this spirit of community is helping preserve her memories. In Rainelle, I met an 18yearold who had just joined the volunteer fire department. His job after the floodwaters receded was to recover and retrieve bodies and then stand guard over them in the fire department. He has seen and done things that no one should have had to experience, but he kept doing his job as a volunteer for his community, serving his community. I met a lady sheltered the first night in Ansted who was rescued after hours in her onestory home that had filled with 4 feet of water. She survived the horrific event by relying on her deep faith, knowing she was in God’s hands. The road ahead will be tough. We have a very long way to go. We will always remember and honor those whom we lost, and we will offer our love and support to those rebuilding their lives. I know we will rebuild. We will repair our schools, restock our library shelves, repave our roads, and reconstruct our bridges. We will be there for each other. We are West Virginians, and it is our home. f 
b1015 THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the American people have had enough. They have had enough with the epidemic of gun violence in our country. They have had enough with House Republicans’ obstruction of bipartisan, proSecond Amendment legislation to help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them—terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill—because whether it is in a movie theater, on a college campus, at an elementary school, in a church, in a nightclub, or on the streets of our cities, we have lost far too many innocent lives to gun violence. Let me give you some numbers: 3
1⁄2, that is the number of years since the 
terrible tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School; 34,000, that is the number of people who have been killed by someone using a gun since Sandy Hook; 1,182, that is the number of mass shootings in our country since Sandy Hook; 30, that is the number of moments of silence observed by this House for victims of gun violence since Sandy Hook; 521, that is the number of days the House has been in session since Sandy Hook; and zero—zero—that is the number of votes that have been taken in this House to keep guns out of dangerous hands in the last 3
1⁄2years. Just a few weeks ago, we experienced the worst mass shooting in our country’s history at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Fortynine innocent people lost their lives in that nightclub, 49 people who were someone’s son, daughter, someone’s brother, sister, someone’s significant other, someone’s friend, and someone’s loved one. After this horrific shooting, the American people don’t want to see their elected representatives fall back into the same old pattern of mass shootings followed by moments of silence, thoughts and prayers, but no real action taken to help prevent the next tragedy. The American people want to see Congress pass meaningful legislation to help keep our communities and our loved ones safe. Eightyfive percent of Americans are in favor of banning individuals on the terrorist watch list from being able to legally buy guns. Ninety percent of Americans support strengthening and expanding our background check system. There are two bipartisan, proSecond Amendment bills that would do just that: The first bill, H.R. 1076, known as the no fly, no buy, was introduced by our Republican colleague PETER KING. This bill says that if you are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, then you don’t get to walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and leave with the weapon of your choice. If there is one thing both sides of the aisle should be able to agree on, it is keeping guns away from suspected terrorists. Bring that bill up for a vote. The second bill, H.R. 1217—with 186 coauthors, Democrats and Republicans—would close a dangerous loophole in our background check system that allows criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill to bypass a background check altogether and, instead, purchase their guns online or at a gun show or through a classified ad. This is a huge loophole, and it costs lives. You don’t have to look any further than the sister of Elvin Daniel from Wisconsin. His sister Zina had a restraining order against her husband which prevented him from passing a background check when he tried to buy a gun in a store. Nevertheless, Zina’s husband was able to go online and buy the same gun, a 40caliber semiautomatic handgun, and he took that gun and used it to kill Zina and two other people in a store in Wisconsin. This bill would close these kinds of loopholes and help stop criminals from getting guns. Everyone says they want to keep guns away from dangerous people, but the only way to know if someone is dangerous is to conduct a background check. Background checks are our first line of defense against criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill in getting guns. Last year, 260 Members of this House—including 76 of my Republican colleagues—voted to fund the background check system at record levels. Let me tell you, if you are willing to fund the system at historic levels, you should have no problem using the system. Bring this bill up for a vote. Both of these bills are not only bipartisan, they respect the Second Amendment rights of lawabiding citizens. I am a gun owner. I own guns. I support the Second Amendment. If these bills did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on them. As a responsible gun owner, I understand that if gun violence continues unabated, then eventually we will see laws that place overly burdensome restrictions on our right to own guns. Bring these bills up for a vote. f 
BRING HOME OUR POW AND MIA SERVICEMEMBERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I organized a discussion here on Capitol Hill focused on a resolution I have introduced which I believe could have a major impact on our Nation’s ability to return more than 80,000 American citizens who served in the Vietnam war, Korean war, and World War II who are still missing in action. I authored H. Con. Res. 56 because I am thankful every day as the father of an injured Army soldier that he returned home safely. I cannot imagine the pain and anguish of the wives, the husbands, the mothers, the fathers, the sons and daughters who wait for decades, and even generations, to receive word regarding their loved one who was taken as a prisoner of war or is missing in action. We need to make the greatest effort possible to bring home the men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. We need to fulfill that promise that we leave no man behind. That is why this resolution states that, in order to ensure transparency and efficiency, countries that enter into trade agreements, trade deals with our Nation, must assist in the research and the recovery efforts of America’s missing servicemembers. I am proud to represent the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District, which covers a broad expanse of my State’s northern and central territory. Over the years, I have heard from the families of servicemen, such as Major Lewis P. Smith II, of Bellefonte, Centre County, a Vietnam soldier who was listed missing in action; Captain Darl Bloom of Morrisdale, Clearfield County, who served in Vietnam as a pilot and is listed as missing in action; and Lieutenant David Myers of State College, Centre County, who also served in Vietnam and is listed as missing in action all these decades later. These brave men and the thousands of others across our Nation who remain listed as missing or as prisoners of war deserve our most diligent efforts. When a servicemember makes the ultimate sacrifice, it is our duty to ensure that they are returned home to their loved ones. I appreciate the support of this measure from groups dedicated to our servicemembers and veterans. It is time to bring home the men and women over the past several generations who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom. f 
NO MORE MOMENTS OF SILENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to introduce you to Caroline Nosal. Caroline was described by her friends as wonderful and sassy. She had a sharp wit and would say exactly what she thought. Friends said she was a vibrant friend with a great smile. Her parents said she was curious, caring, and kind. She loved books. She wasn’t a bookish person, but she loved books, all kinds of books. Once with a friend shopping in a used bookstore, she picked up an old, wellread copy of an 18th century animal husbandry book, a subject she knew nothing about but just wanted to get because it was new to her. She did that a lot. She was passionate about animals as well. Once while driving to work, she accidentally hit a bird. She stopped, put it in a box, and took it to the Humane Society on her way to work. Even though she was late to work, she knew she had done the right thing. But in early February of this year, in Madison, Wisconsin, Caroline Nosal was shot to death by a troubled, disgruntled coworker who used to harass her and who had just bought a gun 24 hours earlier. Only months before this tragedy occurred, Governor Scott Walker and the legislature in Wisconsin changed a decadesold Wisconsin law that had required a 48hour waiting period to buy a handgun, a measure that, if in place, might have saved Caroline. You see, the assailant got fired, went out and bought the gun with the plan to immediately shoot her; but since he had never fired a gun, instead, he took it to target practice so he could learn how to shoot it. He bought the gun on Monday, and on Tuesday used it to 
shoot Caroline Nosal in the chest and in the head. Later, after police picked him up, he said it was easy to kill Nosal, that he was angry with her. He said: ‘‘I’m glad I didn’t hit her. I don’t know what else, I guess I’m sorry, but . . . I don’t know if I am sorry, I’m just glad I didn’t hit her.’’ Instead, he shot her twice to her death. Last Wednesday, House Democrats from across the country held a National Day of Action for commonsense gun violence prevention. I held a rally in Madison, Wisconsin, where a couple hundred people showed up to support commonsense changes. It was at that rally where I met Caroline’s father, Jim Nosal. Jim and his wife, Jane, are reminders that gun violence can affect any family and that people have a right to be free of gun violence in their communities. The Day of Action followed our historic taking over of the House floor to demand action on gun violence, especially following the Nation’s largest mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. We are urging Congress to act on commonsense gun reform, commonsense gun reform measures like expanded background checks and no fly, no buy. These ideas aren’t necessarily progressive pipe dreams; they are the first necessary steps toward preventing gun violence. In a recent poll, 92 percent of respondents said they were in favor of expanding background checks. While the Speaker may claim that the House Democratic sitin was disrespectful to the institution, what is truly disrespectful is to stand idly by and allow more tragic stories like Caroline’s to unfold. In Congress, we have the opportunity to save lives and reduce the gun violence epidemic in our country. Instead, the majority has decided to trot out a toothless bill crafted by the NRA that does nothing to keep gun violence out of our communities. If the Speaker won’t listen to the House Democrats’ calls for real action to prevent gun violence, maybe he will listen to those of his own constituents. The night of the sitin, we put out a call for comments, and over 500 people commented, including dozens from the Speaker’s district and neighboring districts. Let me read just a few of those comments. Jane, from Racine, said: ‘‘We’ve had too many moments of silence. It’s time for action.’’ Karen in Kenosha: ‘‘It breaks my heart as a veteran teacher to now have to teach students to barricade doors and fight back against a person who is trying to kill them with a semiautomatic weapon. What horrible damage is being done to their young psyches as they try and learn with this threat of violence ever present? Please vote for gun control now.’’ Jim, from Mount Pleasant, said: ‘‘As a law enforcement officer, I support background checks. We’ve seen officers injured by people with legal guns.’’ Gloria, from Racine, said: ‘‘There’s nothing worse than hugging a mom who lost her child to gun violence. I’m tired of going to those vigils.’’ And, finally, Quinn, 9 years old, from Somers, Wisconsin: ‘‘People don’t want to get shot and die.’’ Speaker RYAN, you don’t have to listen to us. Listen to your constituents. Listen to 9yearold Quinn, who doesn’t want to get shot and die. Listen to parents like Jim and Jane Nosal, who want to spare other families the pain that they have had to endure. No more moments of silence. It is time for moments of action, Mr. Speaker. It is time for moments of action. 
FLOODING IN WEST VIRGINIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on June 23, my home State of West Virginia experienced some of the worst flooding in our State’s history. Here is a picture of a damaged home in Elk View, in Kanawha County, West Virginia, very typical of what was seen during the flooding. More than 20 West Virginians lost their lives, hundreds lost their homes, and thousands lost access to water and electricity for an extended period of time. Like my colleague, EVAN JENKINS , from West Virginia’s First Congressional District, who spoke earlier, my thoughts and prayers are with all those who have suffered through this terrible tragedy. I traveled throughout the flooddamaged areas last week and was truly moved by what I saw. I saw and met a pastor who emptied his entire bank account to buy food for his neighbors. I saw an army of volunteers, all of different political, ethnic, and socioeconomic backgrounds, donating their time and money to help. I saw members of the National Guard using their military training to help those in need. Mr. Speaker, I saw West Virginians coming together in the most trying of times, as resilient as ever, and full of hope: a hope that we can rebuild, a hope that recovery is not a question but a certainty. West Virginia will rebuild, and we will rebuild stronger than ever. But this is going to be a long road to recovery. Our communities have been tested. As we continue to rebuild, I want to make sure that all of my constituents in the Second Congressional District know that I am here to help. If you need a hand in applying for FEMA assistance or figuring out which Federal programs you are eligible for, please call me at my office in Charleston at 304–925–5964, or my Washington, D.C., office at 202–225–2711. I am blessed to be part of a wonderful community in West Virginia’s Second District. I am grateful for the strength and hard work of so many. b1030 While the flood waters may have receded, our work is far from over. Recovery will take weeks, months, even years, for many West Virginians. So our call to service remains, and I have no doubt that my fellow West Virginians will continue to answer this call. God bless West Virginia. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, Democrats sat on the House floor for more than 26 hours. For a full day and night, we demanded justice for victims of gun violence and action to prevent the next tragedy; not just thoughts and prayers, but action. Republicans turned off the mics. They turned off the cameras and just left. They cannot silence our voices because we are speaking for the 80 percentplus of Americans who support commonsense reforms to stop gun violence, like background checks and keeping guns away from terrorists. While the recent tragedy in Orlando—a tragedy that claimed 49 innocent lives—sparked the sitin, there have been too many victims of gun violence throughout our country for too many years. In my district in 2012, we suffered a large campus mass shooting. These people were trying to get an education. They were studying to become nurses because they wanted to help people. But their lives were cut too short by gun violence. A man with a semiautomatic weapon killed Tshering Bhutia, Doris Chibuko, Sonam Chodon, Grace Kim, Kathleen Ping, Judith Seymour, and Lydia Sim. Sadly, these aren’t the only members of my community who have lost their lives or loved ones to gun violence. Let me remember some of the victims of gun violence in my own community once again. In my district, for example, there were 89 gun deaths in 2015. What is worse, many of these were children. Since July 2009, nearly 50 students in the Oakland Unified School District have been slain. Let me be clear: that is 50 kids. Why isn’t the Speaker allowing us to do anything about this? Just this past weekend, in my community, four people were gunned down in two separate incidents. Every day in my community and places around this country, this senseless violence continues. How can House Republicans just ignore this bloodshed? Let me talk about a few additional victims so you can just understand their lives and share the horror that cut their loves so short. Davon Ellis. This is Davon. Davon was a star football player and an excellent student at Oakland Technical High School. My nephew was walking with him when he was gunned down. Antonio Ramos. Antonio was shot on September 29, 2015. Antonio was a talented artist working on an 
antiviolence mural. He was one of 60 artists working on Oakland’s superheroes mural project. He was shot by someone trying to steal his camera. Chyemil Pierce. Chyemil was 30 years old. She was shot on March 13, 2015. She was a mother of three that was shot by a stray bullet while shielding her children. She had walked her 7 and 9yearold children home from school at about 4:45 p.m., in broad daylight. Two others were injured in this shooting. Torian Hughes. Torian was the grandson of my friend, Oakland Council president Lynette Gibson McElhaney. He died by a gunshot just a few days before Christmas. Mr. Speaker, how many more Torians? How many more Antonios? How many more Chyemils will die protecting their children? Enough is enough. It is past time to do something. It starts with enacting background checks on all gun sales and making sure that guns stay out of the hands of those who cannot fly on airplanes. That is just common sense. The American people know it. It is about time the Republicans listen. I am so proud that my community, California’s East Bay, has rallied to support our efforts. Some family members attended our National Day of Action last week and pleaded with us to do something. I want to share what one of my constituents said during our sitin 2 weeks ago on the House floor. She called my office, in tears, with a powerful message for all of us, especially Speaker RYAN. She said: ‘‘I am a victim of gun violence, and I really appreciate what you are doing.’’ She made one simple request—a request that the entire House Democratic Caucus has been making: ‘‘I hope you can settle down and get a vote.’’ I dare the Speaker to call her back and tell her: Sorry, we are trying to gain consensus. Some Members still have reservations. Sorry, reelection support from the NRA is more important than addressing the epidemic of gun violence. Call her, Mr. Speaker, and tell her that the NRA and its millions matter more than her. We need to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. Vote on our bills for background checks for all. Enough is enough. 
ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. RIGELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RIGELL. Mr. Speaker, I found in my public service that one of the great privileges of serving are the opportunities it has afforded to me to meet with so many amazing Americans and Virginians from all walks of life. Many of these occasions have been moments of great joy: greeting servicemembers when they have returned home from serving abroad, graduation ceremonies. There have also been moments of profound sadness and serious moments where not only me, but I am sure my colleagues here, have had the opportunity—and the difficult one—to actually meet with those who have lost a servicemember in service to our country or those whose families have really been hit so hard with a debilitating, indeed, fatal disease. One of those fatal diseases that I come to the floor this morning to speak about is Alzheimer’s. I believe probably every Member of this House has been affected by it in some way; both sides. It certainly affected my own family. Alzheimer’s damages and eventually destroys brain cells. It leads to memory loss and other challenges in brain function. It usually develops slowly and gradually gets worse. Ultimately, Alzheimer’s is fatal. Every 66 seconds, Mr. Speaker, a fellow American is diagnosed with Alzheimer’s. But let’s be clear: we are not talking about statistics here. We are talking about people. To my left is the Garner family. I have learned so much from the Garner family about Alzheimer’s. If you ever wonder if engaging your local Representative makes a difference; indeed, it does. This family is an example of that. This is Jim; his wife, Karen; and their two beautiful children. I got to know Jim when he was diagnosed in the early stages of Alzheimer’s. He was an officer in the United States Air Force at Langley. He served with distinction. Alzheimer’s cut that short. This is Frankie. Their daughter, Frankie, is amazing. She is one of the strongest advocates I know for a cause that she believes in. I have learned a lot from her and her entire family. Jim passed away this past April, just days before his 54th birthday. Karen kept a blog about her experiences, and with her permission, I want to read from that blog. This is Karen speaking: I want people to see what Alzheimer’s disease does to a wonderful human being. I want to break the misconception that Alzheimer’s disease is just old people forgetting someone’s name or getting lost. I want to erase the stereotypical patient idea. I want the stigma that follows a diagnosis to be a thing of the past. 
Well, we have got a long way to go before that is a complete reality across our Nation, but she and the family have helped me understand this. I am grateful to them and to the Alzheimer’s Association for helping me further grasp at a deeper level just how this disease is harming our country. Now, if we look at it, here are some of the statistics that we have got to keep in mind. It is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Of the 10 top killers of Americans, Alzheimer’s is the only disease that cannot be prevented, cured, or even slowed. The rate of diagnosis is increasing. Right now, we have about 5 million Americans that are suffering from this disease, including 135,000 Virginians. If we fail to act, Mr. Speaker, the number of Americans living with Alzheimer’s could soar to as many as 16 million by 2020. I am a fiscal conservative. I am acutely aware of our fiscal trajectory. Yet, as I look at the cost of Alzheimer’s—and it is far more than a cost—if we look at what is happening here statistically, here is where our expenses are going, Mr. Speaker. I, as a fiscal conservative, come to the House floor today to say that we need to be investing more in Alzheimer’s research. We worked in, I think, an admirable and bipartisan way to increase funding to over $660 million a year. Mr. Speaker, I call for $2 billion. It is money well invested. Some things that we invest in are true expenses. Other things are true investments. This is one of them. We should fund every program and medical research opportunity that shows promise. And, indeed, there are great opportunities for promise here. We can investigate brain imaging, biomarkers, and clinical tools that may result in earlier and more accurate diagnoses, timely interventions, and effective disease monitoring. If we had advanced this, we could have done a better job for Jim and his family’s lives. We ought to really set for our country something like the great moon shot that my father was so an integral part of. Mr. Speaker, I am convinced that we can do this. We can find a cure. We can do right by the next generation. Keep in mind that it is not about statistics, but it is about people. f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, our country has witnessed over 130 mass shootings since the beginning of this year. There are 270 million guns in the United States. That amounts to 89 per 100 Americans. On average, 31 Americans are murdered with guns every day in this country, and 151 are treated in America’s emergency rooms. Gun violence costs this country $230 billion every year, which amounts to $200 per person. Gun death rates fell 56 percent in my State of California, from 1993 to 2010, because the legislature engaged in evidencebased research policy initiatives that have dropped that rate. Between 2004 and 2013, 316,000 Americans were killed by firearms. During that same timeframe, 313 Americans died from terrorist attacks, both internationally and domestically. Approximately 40 percent of all gun sales are private and are, therefore, exempted from the current background checks. Studies show that every day that background checks are used, the 
system stops more than 170 felons, 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun in the United States. Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list have bought weapons in the United States. A gun in a home in the U.S. is 22 times more likely to be used to kill or injure in a domestic homicide, suicide, or unintentional shooting, instead of being used in selfdefense. From 2012 to 2013, at least 100 children were killed in unintentional shootings in the U.S.; almost 2 each week. Guns have killed more Americans in 12 years than AIDS, war, and illegal drug overdoses combined. On average, 55 Americans kill themselves with firearms each day in this country. In States that require background checks for private handgun sales, there are 48 percent fewer firearm suicides, while the rates of suicide by other methods are nearly identical. Suicides involving firearms are fatal at least 85 percent of the time in this country compared to the second most used attempted suicide level, which is pills. They are only successful 3 percent of the time. Mr. Speaker, for those of us who have lost a family member to firearm gun violence, this is an issue that cannot be reconciled with the current majority opinion. Twentyeight years ago, my father took his life with a firearm. He had been under the care of a physician for 10 years to deal with depression. We still don’t know how he got his gun. He is buried across the river, as a World War II vet, in Arlington. Mr. Speaker, for those of us who respect the Second Amendment, but also expect the Congress to act rationally on this public health issue, we expect Congress to respect victims of gun violence. For that reason, we demand, we ask respectfully, and we expect the Speaker and the majority to bring up for a vote two simple bills. We want a vote on the no fly, no buy bill, and we want a vote to close the loopholes on background checks. The victims of gun violence expect no less. 
b1045 CONFRONTING OUR CHANGING OCEANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, my constituents and I are blessed to live, to work, and to play in the paradise that is south Florida. And those of us who have fallen in love with south Florida all want our kids and our grandkids to enjoy the same positive experiences that define our unique community. That sense of wanting to be able to pass down that south Florida lifestyle to future generations is really what has motivated me to action on the threat my community faces from a changing ocean. Sea level rise has been occurring steadily along southeast Florida for the last hundred years, and we should be concerned about increasing coastal flooding and saltwater intrusion into our drinking water sources. Meanwhile, new research at the University of Miami suggests that ocean acidification is not only slowing the growth of corals off our coast, but is actually causing the underlying reef structure to begin to dissolve. To counter the threats from changing ocean conditions, we must develop strategies to protect people’s livelihoods and the coastal waters upon which south Florida’s local economy depends. One such strategy that could pay huge dividends is the restoration of the coral reefs off south Florida. This is actually, Mr. Speaker, the thirdlargest barrier reef in the entire world. Our reefs have been declining for 40 years, and recent coral disease outbreaks and bleaching events have proved to be devastating. To save south Florida’s reefs, I am introducing the Conserving Our Reefs and Livelihoods Act, or the CORAL Act. The CORAL Act would widen the scope of reef restoration and conservation research to include the impact of ocean acidification, warming seas, and invasive species on coral reefs. It would allow for the release of emergency response funds to study coral disease and bleaching events as they happen, instead of as a postmortem. It would expand the focus of the law from simply focused on conservation, to gearing Federal agencies and their partners to play active roles in restoration and recovery. And it would promote innovative work toward understanding the genetic diversity of corals, so that researchers can captive breed native corals that are specially adapted to current and future ocean conditions for use in restoration projects. The environmental and economic benefits of coral reefs are strongly intertwined, and the CORAL Act would give everyone a place at the table to help develop consensusbased and scientifically rigorous conservation and restoration efforts—efforts that produce real results for Floridians. Restored reefs will increase economic activity through better fishing, diving, recreation, and tourism; and healthy coral growth will allow reefs to keep pace with rising seas to limit the potentially devastating impacts of storm surge on our coasts in the future. Mr. Speaker, having fled the oppressive Castro regime in Cuba with my parents decades ago, I know that south Florida is special because it serves as a place of hope for so many. We cannot allow changing ocean conditions to rob us of our livelihoods, of our lifestyle, of our identity as an optimistic community. My CORAL Act is only a start for south Florida, but it will help in understanding the impacts of ocean acidification, warming seas, coral disease, and invasive species on our reefs so that we can develop effective solutions, so that we can salvage our reefs, and so south Florida will continue to thrive as part of an everchanging landscape and as an enduring source of hope and inspiration to people from around the world. f 
WE NEED COMMONSENSE GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, Columbine is in my district, and I was in Congress when the terrible shooting in Columbine happened. Who will forget that day, all those students marching out of the school with their hands held up so they could show the police that they weren’t those terrible shooters. Who can forget the terrible tragedy reflected in the mothers’ faces when they saw that their children weren’t those children that were bused to safety? Who can forget the lingering aspects that Columbine has shown us, year after year, tragedy after tragedy? I can’t tell you the number of times I have repeated that horror in my own life, watching on TV when the Aurora shooting, just a few miles from my house, occurred. A masked man came in and, with an assault rifle and high capacity magazine clips, shot so many people in just a few minutes. Just a few weeks ago, when we saw, in Florida, one lone gunman with an assault rifle and highcapacity magazines just mowing down so many people who were having fun, who can forget the reflection in those mothers’ faces? But for every terrible tragedy that we have like that, we have thousands of more people who are killed on our streets, in our urban areas, and around our country, and who are killed in terrible domestic violence cases. Just last week, when I was at home in Denver, just a few blocks from my husband’s law office, a man walked into an office and shot a woman, and then turned the gun on himself. I can’t tell you how I felt that day, when my husband sent me an email, seemingly out of the blue, that said: ‘‘Don’t worry. I’m on lockdown. I’m okay.’’ This has become just routine in Americans’ lives, and it is wrong. It is wrong. We can’t continue like this as a country. We can’t continue to have a moment of silence every time there is a mass murder, and to tuttut every time we hear of someone like that woman who was shot in my district, and then do nothing. This is why we had our sitin before the July Fourth recess. And I will tell you what, those actions woke up my constituents. My office here in Washington, D.C., and my office in Denver, 
Colorado, were inundated with phone calls from people saying: ‘‘What can we do? We so desperately want something to happen.’’ This is what I said then, and this is what I say now: We cannot stop until we pass commonsense gun safety legislation. What does this mean? Well, for starters, you would think Congress, both sides of the aisle, both sides of the Capitol, could say, if you are on a terrorist watch list, you should not be able to buy a gun. Surely we can stipulate to that. You would think that we would agree with the vast majority of American people, Democrats and Republicans, people all around the country, that people should have thorough and sufficient background checks before they can obtain a weapon. You would surely think that we would allow the Federal Government to conduct research on gun safety so that we would know, as a matter of public health, what we need to do to keep our children safe in their schools, our children safe on their street corners, and in their school yards. You would think, beyond that, that we could have a rational discussion, not marred by the very powerful gun lobbyists, saying: What can we do to make sure that somebody, for whatever reason they might have, doesn’t get an assault weapon and walk into a theater and kill scores of people with a high capacity magazine in just a few minutes? You would think we could do that, and I am hoping that we will do that. I am hoping that the tide has turned. Today, we will take up mental health legislation that was developed in my committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee. It is a bipartisan bill. I worked hard with Chairman MURPHY  and Chairman UPTON on this bill, and also with the Democrats on our side of the aisle, Congressman PALLONE and Congressman GREEN and others. It is a good bill, but it is just a first step. We need to do a lot more with mental health in this country and, beyond that, we need to do a lot more on gun safety. Nobody should assume that this bill we are voting on today is a substitute for a rational, thorough, bipartisan conversation on gun safety. I look forward to taking the terrible tragedies that we have seen the 20 years I have been in Congress and to dedicating commonsense gun safety legislation to all those lives that were lost. 
PURSUE COMMONSENSE GUN VIOLENCE LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, when I arrived home last night, I found this note; and I won’t say the name of the family who sent it, but I will just briefly read a bit of the content. ‘‘Dear Congresswoman DeLauro, thank you for standing up for gun legislation. My three kids and I traveled from Westport, Connecticut, to D.C. today to support all those who are taking a stand. I hope my children remember that our government will speak up for those who can’t and protect those it serves.’’ Stand up and protect. That is the oath of office that we take. That is what our job is. And I rise today to urge my colleagues across the aisle to pursue commonsense gun violence legislation. We need to vote, to vote on legislation that makes an impact on the epidemic of gun violence in this country. The people of this great Nation are demanding a vote, and we have a moral obligation and a responsibility to take action. We need to move a no fly, no buy bill, one that actually prevents potential terrorists from getting dangerous weapons, and 85 percent of the American public supports this legislation. When we were elected to serve, we were charged with the responsibility, the responsibility to give constituents, our constituents, a voice in Washington, D.C. They are crying out for action, and if we do not provide that action, what were we sent here to do? I say very frankly to the American public, if we are not addressing this need, send us home. Send us home. But our work cannot stop just with no fly, no buy. We need to address the issue of universal background checks. I would go a step further. I would ban assault weapons. I think we need to hold gun manufacturers accountable for crimes committed with their guns. I believe we need additional mental health resources, and to fund mental health programs sufficiently so that people get the help that they need. And we need to conduct research on gun violence. For each of us, it is personal. In every community in this country the effects of gun violence have left scars, scars that are never going to heal. Again, in my State, in Connecticut, we know how devastating this can be. After the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary, we lost six incredible, caring adults and 20 beautiful children, and we said, never again. Yet, since Sandy Hook there have been hundreds of gun deaths in Connecticut, brothers, sisters, children, babies. The same story is true across our country, on the streets of our cities every day, in movie theaters, in churches, in nightclubs, in safe havens. The massacre in Orlando was one of the deadliest shootings in American history. Fortynine people at the Pulse were killed; wounded, 53. I would just like to take a moment to remember just one of them, Kimberly Morris, though her friends called her K.J. She was from Connecticut and she worked at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando. She had recently moved from Hawaii to Orlando to help care for her mother and her grandmother. b1100 Friends said she always wore a smile. A former basketball teammate of K.J.’s from Post University in Waterbury, Connecticut, said that K.J. was ‘‘the sweetest person—I don’t think I’ve ever seen her upset. What I would say is that she had a happy soul.’’ She was only 37 when she was murdered at Pulse nightclub. Her death and the deaths of the other 48 people who were killed in this atrocious hate crime have left a void that cannot be filled for their families, for their friends, for the LGBT community, and for the American people. The victims’ families do not get a break from grief, so we will not take a break until we get a bill—a bill with concrete, enforceable measures that will stop the killings. We must bring comprehensive, commonsense gun violence prevention measures to the floor of this people’s House and reject measures that fall short of the standards this country deserves. It is the very least that we can do for the families who suffer grief that most of us will never understand. That is what our job is. That is what you elected us to do, to protect people, to protect the American people. Not one more death, not one more empty moment of silence followed by inaction. The American people deserve concrete gun violence legislation. They deserve to know that their elected officials are standing up for them and protecting them. f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you talk to the Speaker of the whole House, PAULRYAN, and let him know that we are not going away and this subject on gun violence is not going away. We have had too many people killed, too many people maimed, and too many people traumatized to not take up a vote on two commonsense pieces of legislation. The first one is no fly, no buy. No fly, no buy. If you are on the terrorist watch list, you can’t get a gun. The second is universal background checks to make sure that people with dangerous mental instability, domestic violence, and felons can’t get a gun. These are two very simple and straightforward bipartisan pieces of legislation. They have got to come up for a vote. We are not going to go away. We have had too many killings. Like DIANA DEGETTE , I represent the Denver area. We are no stranger to mass shootings. I am going to read the names of the kids and the teacher killed at Columbine and the names of the people killed in the Aurora movie theater so that their deaths are not in vain and 
that we actually take up some legislation instead of the Republican majority continually ducking the conversation: Rachel Scott, 17. Daniel Rohrbough, 15. Dave Sanders, the teacher, 47. Kyle Velasquez, 17. Steve Curnow, 14. Corey DePooter, 17. Cassie Bernall, 17. Daniel Mauser, 15. I was just on a telephone townhall with Daniel Mauser’s father last week talking to my constituency about gun violence. Columbine happened in 1999, and 17 years later you can hear the pain in that father’s voice about that death. Matt Kechter, 16. Kelly Fleming, 16. Isaiah Shoels, 18. John Tomlin, 16. Lauren Townsend, 18. All were cut down just as they were beginning the prime of their life. Then the Aurora movie theater 4 years ago, July 20—4 years ago. Have we had one hearing since then, Mr. Speaker? Not one. Not one. Not one vote, not one hearing. Jonathan Blunk, 26. A.J. Boik, 18. Air Force Staff Sergeant Jesse Childress, 29. Gordon Cowden, 51, a father protecting his kids in that theater. Jessica Ghawi, a reporter. Navy Petty Officer Third Class John Thomas Larimer, an expert in cyber security for the Navy. Matt McQuinn, 27, died protecting his girlfriend. Micayla Medek, 23. Veronica MoserSullivan, 6. Alex Sullivan, 27, again, saving his girlfriend. Alex Teves, 24. Rebecca Wingo, 32. We can’t keep this up. We want a vote. We did something unprecedented last week by having a filibuster in the House, which turned into a sitin, to make our voices heard that this can’t keep going on. We all had a good friend, Gabby Giffords, shot in a mass shooting in Tucson, Arizona, 5
1⁄2years ago. Have we had one hearing? No. Have we had one vote? No. We are asking for two things, Mr. Speaker, two votes. That is it. It is common sense: no fly, no buy and universal background checks. We are not going away. This subject is not going away. We want a vote. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, once again, we are on this floor, many of us just asking—just asking—Congress to do its job, just asking Congress to act. Just a few minutes ago, an American woman was standing right here on the steps of our Capitol—your Capitol, America—and she was talking about how she has never talked publicly about the incident that took her 10 yearold daughter’s life, about a man who should not have been able to buy a gun. He went online and bought a 9millimeter handgun. He came to her home, broke into the backdoor and said that he was going to kill her. She ran for her 10yearold daughter to flee from this man, and in the process, she was shot, and so was her daughter. She told the gruesome story about how her daughter died in her arms—her 10year old little girl. But, ladies and gentlemen, that is the story of 32,000 families every year in our great Nation. Many of you may be thinking: Well, I live in a small town somewhere where everybody knows each other; that is not going to happen. I am sorry. It happens everywhere. Some people might think: Well, that just happens in the big cities like Chicago. I am sorry, ladies and gentlemen, it happens in every ZIP Code around the country. We are less safe today, ladies and gentlemen, than we have ever been in America. Today, there are more weapons—firearms—in America than there are people. More than 320 million Americans live in our great Nation, and there are more than 320 million guns across America. There are reasons why we are less safe today than we have ever been before in America, and it is not because of terrorists. It is because Congress refuses to act. Let me give you an example. In 1996, the United States Congress banned the Centers for Disease Control from studying gun violence and also said that you will not—you shall not— give our best minds in our greatest universities the grants they would need to actually find out why are so many people dying. What are the reasons why that is happening? So Congress refuses to be informed. Congress literally, on this issue, has chosen to remain ignorant on purpose, and that contributes to 10yearold little girls who die because a man went online and bought a gun and there were no background checks. Most Americans believe that, for God’s sake, a background check is sensible. Why not? But yet Congress refuses to have a vote on the floor of this House so that we could debate that issue and then vote it up or down. Every Member of this House who runs for office utters the words, ‘‘public safety is my number one issue.’’ I do, and so does every person who runs for office. Every person who gets elected to this House of Congress gets elected for a 2year term. That means that, in the time that we get sworn in on the floor of this prestigious House, by the time we run for office—and if we are fortunate enough to get elected again— more than 60,000 Americans will die due to gun violence in those 2 years. That doesn’t make sense. I would hope and think that we are electing people to do sensible things, to do things the right way, and to do things that are right for America that will keep us safe. All we are asking for, ladies and gentlemen, is to have a vote on sensible laws that would help keep our streets safer. I announced on this floor that I am now a grandfather. It is such a beautiful feeling. But in my lifetime, my children’s lifetime, and now in my grandson’s lifetime, our streets are not safer. Ladies and gentlemen, let’s demand that our Speaker allow a vote on sensible gun legislation in this House. f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago today, I sat down right there on this floor next to JOHNLEWIS. Gathered around were House Democrats demanding a simple demand: that we have a vote on two bills that would make our streets safer from gun violence. Last week when I went home, I stood with hundreds of people on Federal Plaza in Chicago demanding the very same thing. We sat down as we stood up for gun safety. Right now, hundreds of people are outside, some standing on the steps, 91 of them wearing orange Tshirts, representing the average of 91 Americans killed by guns every day in the United States of America. I am from Chicago, and just last night, NBC News ran a story on gun violence in Chicago, titled, ‘‘City Under Siege.’’ Over the Fourth of July weekend, 50 people were shot in Chicago. Three of the victims were children, including two young cousins, 8 and 5 years old, who were shot while celebrating with their family. On one street, someone put a handmade sign that read, ‘‘Don’t shoot kids at play.’’ The stories of children caught in the middle of the ongoing gun violence epidemic are seemingly endless. Just last week, D’Antignay Brashear was walking down the street in Chicago with her 4yearold son, Kavan, when he was shot in the face. Speaking about the shooting the next day, D’Antignay said: ‘‘He was with me. He was holding my hand.’’ She thought he was safe. We cannot accept the status quo when children are unsafe walking down the street holding their mother’s hand. Kavan survived. But his mother said: ‘‘How am I going to explain to him when he looks in the mirror and sees his face?’’ I wonder, how do we explain to Kavan and his mother that this House refused to take action to prevent this from happening to him or to any other child? 
b1115 Inaction in the face of these daily tragedies is simply not acceptable anymore. Chicago and Illinois are trying to respond to this crisis, but we need Federal action. Chicago has increased its police presence. Law enforcement takes an illegal gun off the streets of Chicago every 75 minutes. Illinois has enacted reasonable gun violence prevention measures. There is no way for Chicago or Illinois to keep up with the influx of guns that are coming from across State lines. Sixty percent of the firearms used in Chicago gun crimes come from out of State. Most come from just one State: Indiana. The bloodshed in Chicago doesn’t start with the pull of a trigger; it starts when the gun is purchased without necessary precautions. In Indiana, no license or permit is required to purchase a gun. There is no registration of weapons. There is no waiting period to purchase a gun. There are no restrictions on assault weapons. Any individual can take advantage of the lack of gun violence prevention laws in Indiana, and they do. Individuals purchase firearms at gun shows with no background checks at all and drive them back to Chicago, across the State line, where they wind up on our city streets. No State can address the gun violence epidemic alone. We need Federal action to require background checks on all gun purchases. Universal comprehensive background checks will keep guns out of the hands of criminals, domestic abusers, and the severely mentally ill. Universal background checks will not stop every gun death, no—no single piece of legislation, not all the legislation in the world—but they will certainly help. They will save lives. We simply can’t stay silent any longer. Each day, eight people are shot in Chicago, the American people are demanding action, and it is time that the House listened to them. Speaker RYAN, call the bills. Maybe they will pass and maybe they won’t. The American people want to see what we are doing here on the floor of the House to make sure that no more children holding their mom’s hand crossing the street are shot again. Give us a vote. 
LIFT THE RELOCATION BURDEN FROM MILITARY SPOUSES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) for 5 minutes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support our military families. Beside our Nation’s brave servicemembers are strong families that remain resilient through countless relocations and deployments. Military spouses wear their own patches of service and share a true sense of duty to our country. They sacrifice a great deal throughout the constant moves and the unknown, all while supporting their husband or wife in uniform. These spouses are often employed in professions that require new licensing for each new location, such as teachers and nurses—vital occupations in a military community. These dedicated spouses must be allowed to maintain their hardearned professional licenses and certifications as they relocate. That is why this week I am introducing the Lift the Relocation Burden for Military Spouses Act. Military spouses serve, too, and my bill will help maintain employment continuity and greater predictability for them and their families. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. f 
VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY AND BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, as we started what is commonly referred to as ‘‘our 5 minutes,’’ the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) talked about a proposal that he would like to bring forward to this body. We wish him well in that. He also wondered aloud why it would be that Democrats are so interested in bringing two commonsense proposals that he feels might fail—because it is our constitutional responsibility to the citizens that we are sworn to serve and represent. Speaker RYANhas said: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head on . . . we should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated.’’ The Speaker is right. He is an honorable man. He met with JOHNLEWIS and myself last evening. JOHN LEWIS is the conscience of the House of Representatives and, I dare say, the soul of this Nation. The Speaker and JOHN LEWIS engaged in a conversation that was reverent in its tone and respectful. We stated, as no one better than JOHN LEWIS can, with great clarity about what is happening all across the Nation—the catastrophic loss of life due to gun violence and the utter frustration on the part of people on this side of the aisle and, frankly, families and people all across this great Nation, simply asking for the dignity of a vote—our constitutional responsibility. The Speaker did say to us and asked aloud in a quandary, not as a deal or not as any rationale, but today there is an important bill, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, authored by TIMMURPHY , a Republican, supported by Democrats who worked together. Democrats would have done more and felt the bill could have been more comprehensive and better funded. The important thing is that the Nation wants to see us move forward. We said to the Speaker we would take this message back to our caucus. And I say, appealing as Lincoln would, to the better angels of your side, as we embrace this issue today and support this effort bipartisanly, think long and hard about joining us. There has to be more than five of you on the other side who will come with us and support commonsense legislation. Background checks that are fundamental that law enforcement knows are what we absolutely need to assist in this goal of making sure that we keep this country safer are what is required. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that in the midst of our disagreement, in the midst of our dissent and continued presence on this floor, to articulate our deep feelings and commitment to the citizens we are sworn to serve, you will permit that the majority will allow a vote to take place on this floor which will demonstrate to this great country that this United States Congress can work. It will start today. It will happen when that bill comes to the floor. This side of the aisle joins with you to get an important piece of legislation passed and adopted as it relates to the mental health crisis in this country. As DIANA DEGETTE said, it should not be considered a substitute, but what it should be considered is a step that we can work together in a common cause. It is what the American people expect from us. We should give them no less. Minimally, we deserve a vote, a vote on no fly, no buy and a vote on background checks. 
VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY AND BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. HONDA ) for 21⁄2minutes. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, Omar Mateen should not have had access to a gun, yet he walked into the Pulse nightclub and murdered 49 people and injured many more. Syed Farooq and Tashfeen Malik should not have had access to guns, but were able to buy several weapons, which they used to kill 14 people in San Bernardino. Gerald Villabrille should not have had access to a gun, yet he shot two police officers in Fremont, California, early last month. That is in my district. These aren’t isolated incidents. Rather, they represent an epidemic in this country. With most epidemics, we immediately set about trying to find a cure, or at least a treatment. But with gun violence, we have settled for moments of silence. Well, enough of that. A couple of weeks ago, Democrats got together and said, Enough is enough. We took to the House floor to demand House Speaker RYAN and Republican leadership bring bills that would counter this epidemic to a vote. In response, Speaker RYAN called our efforts to get a vote a stunt. 
Eightyfive percent of Americans support no fly, no buy gun legislation and more than 90 percent support universal background checks. Yet, Speaker RYANhas refused to bring these two measures up for a vote, shutting out the voices and views of the American people. He is opposing popular commonsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, you have the power to allow people to take the vote on the floor. Mr. Speaker, you have the power to make sure that people in this country will be safe with commonsense laws to prevent gun violence. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend James R. Shaw, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church, Fredericksburg, Virginia, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, grant unto those gathered, representing all people of this great Nation: Knowledge to pursue the good when the outlook seems dark; Wisdom to vote for what is best for all; Courage to choose the unpopular, but better; Boldness to go where creativity has never gone; Love to care for the poor and needy; Faith to step forward and lead the misguided; Understanding to provide for what is truly needed; Mercy to forgive those who have transgressed; Hope for a prosperous future as opportunities unfold; The eyes of a child to approach life’s work with diverse wonderment; Ears to hear the still small voice of God; Hands to set free the persecuted and the oppressed; A sense for those things hidden which may prove dangerous; And a vision of joy for all languages and cultures. In Thanksgiving for Your providence, we pray in Jesus’ name. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. RICE of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING JAMES R. SHAW The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce to my colleagues our guest chaplain for the U.S. House of Representatives today, Reverend James R. Shaw. Pastor Shaw serves the Agnus Dei Lutheran Church in Fredericksburg, Virginia. After working for a Fortune 500 company in the IT management division, Reverend Shaw graduated summa cum laude from Concordia University in Wisconsin and proceeded to obtain his Master of Divinity from Concordia Theological Seminary, Fort Wayne, Indiana. Reverend Shaw accepted a call to Pilgrim Lutheran Church in Decatur, Illinois, in February 2008. He is now serving as missionary at large on behalf of the United Lutheran Mission Association at Agnus Dei in the Spotsylvania/Fredericksburg area of Virginia. He has gone on to serve congregations as a pastor, currently serving a small startup, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church, Fredericksburg, Virginia. He also serves as VP of administration, CIO/CTO, and professor of church history and ethics at Walther Theological Seminary, Decatur, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church is a church that is indeed alive. Reverend Shaw and the entire church family minister each day through worship services, daily prayer, and by serving those in need through ministries that support families by providing grief and crisis counseling. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues today to welcome Reverend Shaw, his wife, Peggy, and the rest of his family who have joined him today. May God bless his family and may God bless the church family at Clearwater’s Calvary Baptist Church as well as our country today. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, on the Fourth of July in my district I held a sitin at a local movie theater to declare our independence from the NRA. The gun lobby doesn’t have a single vote in this House. Or does it have 247? I ask that question because we can’t even get a vote on the floor—just a vote—to prevent suspected terrorists who can’t buy a plane ticket in the United States, but they can go out and buy a gun, no questions asked. The NRA has spoken. Only a bill that would require the FBI to establish by 
probable cause that the person is a terrorist and do so in a court of law and do so within 3 days, otherwise the gun would be turned over to the terrorist. And, by the way, you would also have to inform the terrorist that they are on the suspected or known list. It is a laughable proposal. It is a fig leaf, and it is a joke if it wasn’t such an important issue. The NRA spends $3.7 million on the candidates in the House and the Senate. It is time for them to no longer have a seat in this House. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE COASTAL CAROLINA CHANTICLEERS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, Coastal Carolina University won their firstever national title in the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska. The Chanticleers defeated the Arizona Wildcats 4–3 in the final game of the series. I am grateful to recognize the entire team, and especially honoring four members from the Second Congressional District: Andrew Beckwith of Blythewood, Connor Owings and Mike Morrison of Gilbert, and Brandon Miller of Aiken. Andrew, a junior at Coastal Carolina, first demonstrated his skills at Blythewood High School in South Carolina’s Second District. He led Blythewood to a 27–7 record and secured a 4A State championship in 2013. Andrew was also named the most outstanding player of the 2016 College World Series. Prior to attending Coastal Carolina, seniors Connor Owings and Mike Morrison led Gilbert High School to a 2A State championship. Both Connor and Mike earned recognition on the Big South Presidential Honor Roll from 2013 to 2015. Freshman Brandon Miller, from Aiken High School, earned Second Team AllArea by the Augusta Chronicle. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations to Coastal Carolina University, represented by Congressman TOMRICE. 
WE WILL CONTINUE TO PUSH FOR A VOTE (Mrs. NAPOLITANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, we are here because a lot of the families from everywhere are asking for gun control. Families in our district want the House to act. Poll after poll indicates public support to prevent gun violence. Democrats want to pass real reform, but the House Republicans refuse to allow a vote. We want action in this House, but Congress passes nothing. No more silence. Watch who is preventing the action: the gun lobby, NRA, and our Republican colleagues. The last meaningful legislation on gun control was in 1994, the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. Crimes involving guns happen frequently, too often, 91 a day, motivated mostly by hate and racism. We need dialogue in this House of the people. This is where the action is, on the floor and in committee. I would like to thank all of my friends and people in the district who called, wrote, and posted on social media. They all want action. They want Congress, the House to pass and do something. We must keep guns out of the hands of individuals with violent histories and domestic abusers. We need to pass no fly, no buy so that no one on the terrorist watch list is allowed to purchase a gun. There needs to be universal background checks in all States. Do not stigmatize those with mental illness who are more often victims rather than perpetrators of gun violence. We will continue to push for a vote. I encourage all of you to continue the calls to the Speaker and my House Republican colleagues. This is too critical. We must act now. Give us a vote. f 
HONORING ELIE WIESEL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and contributions of Elie Wiesel. Mr. Wiesel was a passionate advocate for peace, human rights, and the dignity of all people. His moral authority on international affairs served as a constant reminder and challenge to global leaders to always stand up against violence and genocide, even when it may be easier to do nothing. He sought to use his public platform to highlight atrocities in Darfur, Ethiopia, South Africa, and Yugoslavia; and he called on leaders to take action. He was a strong advocate for the State of Israel, the need for a Jewish homeland, and the spiritual importance of Jerusalem to the Jewish people. Mr. Wiesel’s belief in the moral absolute of peace was shaped by his personal experience during the Holocaust, which claimed the lives of his father, his mother, and his sister. Generations of children now have learned about the horrors of the Holocaust through his firsthand account in the novel ‘‘Night.’’ Mr. Speaker, Elie Wiesel was a visionary scholar and activist. His message of peace and never forgetting the atrocities of the Holocaust will live on for generations to come. REDUCE THE SCOURGE OF GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, last week, a few days after my colleagues and I sat down right here in the House to demand action on legislation to reduce gun violence, I went home to Maine. I heard from so many of my constituents who asked: Is something finally going to happen in Washington on this issue? Well, I don’t have a crystal ball, and we live in an unpredictable time, so that is a hard question to answer. But it was especially hard to answer last week when the person asking was the daughter of the principal who was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School or the parents of a young woman shot and killed in Maine by a handgun that had been sold without a background check. The question was not just for me; it was for all of us. Will we finally do something to reduce the scourge of gun violence that is sweeping this country? Will we finally do something to limit access to guns by criminals and suspected terrorists? Erica wants to know because her mother was killed by an assault rifle as she protected students at Sandy Hook. Judi and Wayne want to know because their daughter was shot with a handgun while she slept in her apartment. Mr. Speaker, I hope our answer is yes. 
90TH ANNUAL NATIONAL CHERRY FESTIVAL (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, this week northern Michigan is proud to host the 90th Annual National Cherry Festival in Traverse City. The festival consists of over 150 events and activities with over 500,000 attendees over the course of 8 days. The cherry festival celebrates not only the delicious Michigan cherry treats on dinner tables for millions of Americans, but the enormous economic impact of cherry production. In fact, just this past year, Michigan companies produced 75 percent of the Nation’s tart cherries, with 50 percent of those grown in Michigan’s First District. This past month we were proud to bring a little bit of the festival here to Washington, D.C. The cherry festival queen, Danielle Bott, came to visit my office, bringing along some great cherry festival spirit and pie. I was honored to show her around the Capitol and introduce her to Speaker RYAN. I want to thank all the organizers of the cherry festival, the thousands of volunteers, and the hardworking 
Michigan farmers who bring us cherries and all the delicious Michigan agricultural products. We are so happy to enjoy the fruits of their labor. 
b1215 BRING THE BILL UP FOR A VOTE (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker and Members, earlier this morning, hundreds of survivors of gun violence and victims of gun violence gathered out in front. Catherine Bodine from Ohio told us a story about how she was wounded and her daughter Samantha was murdered. That murderer couldn’t legally buy a firearm because he was a felon. He couldn’t pass a background check. So he went online, found the gun, bought it, and wounded Catherine and murdered her daughter. H.R. 1217 is a bipartisan piece of legislation with 186 coauthors. It is bipartisan and it is proSecond Amendment. Ninety percent of the American people believe we should expand and strengthen background checks and close those loopholes, a loophole that allowed that murderer to kill Samantha. Mr. Speaker, please bring this bill up for a vote. 
CONGRATULATING CALHOUN HIGH SCHOOL LADY WARRIORS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Calhoun High School Lady Warriors on winning backto back Illinois class 1A State softball championships. The team, which finished the season with a 40–2 record, defeated Princeville by a score of 3–0 on June 4 to secure its second consecutive championship. In addition to their State title, the Lady Warriors set team and individual softball records for the entire State of Illinois. They were the first softball team since 2010 to win a State championship after earning 40 wins, and the first class 1A team to do so. During the team’s championship run, junior pitcher Grace Baalman broke two Illinois High School Association softball records. She now holds the record for the most strikeouts in a game, with 39 strikeouts in the 17inning semifinal game and most strikeouts in a season, with 589. The Lady Warriors are setting a standard for athletic excellence in Calhoun County. In addition to the consecutive State softball titles, Calhoun High School’s girls basketball team also won a class 1A State championship this spring. Congratulations to this group of student athletes on another championship season, and I hope to have the opportunity to congratulate them on a softball championship threepeat next year. f 
PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to add my voice to the millions calling on Congress to protect the American people. It is impossible to ignore the terrible reality that gun violence is just far too common in this country. The most recent shooting in Orlando, the deadliest mass shooting in our history, is a tragic reminder that Congress has yet to take action to protect the American people. That is why, 2 weeks ago, I and a number of my colleagues sat down on the floor of this House to stand up and say that we have had enough. That is why I went home to Michigan and stood with my own constituents back home to call for commonsense gun action. It is simple, simply requiring that a person who is on the terrorist watch list, too dangerous to purchase an airplane ticket, should not be able to walk into any shop and buy a gun at any time, for any purpose. It is also a commonsense provision the American people support. We should close the loophole on background checks so that all weapon purchases are subject to a background check, rather than bringing false bills written by the NRA. It is far too long. We need to act. I call on Congress to act. 
WIOA AND THE CENTRALINA COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENTS (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, passage of the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act was an important step for the millions of Americans who are looking for work and for the employers who have job opportunities that remain unfilled due to the skills gap. In a ninecounty region in North Carolina, the Centralina Council of Governments and Centralina Workforce Development Board are utilizing the new law to foster a modern workforce that local businesses can rely on to compete. WIOA funds have been used to develop an innovative online career search tool that matches the region’s students and job seekers with indemand careers, needed skills, and local education. They have also been used in the Centralina region to provide skills development for indemand jobs, placement for dislocated workers and career advisers, and business services representatives through local NCWorks Career Centers. I applaud the work of the Centralina COG and the Workforce Development Board and am pleased they are making the most of the modern workforce development system provided by WIOA. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, it has been more than 3 weeks since 49 innocent people were shot to death in Orlando. From Orlando to Oregon, Americans are saying enough is enough and demanding that Congress take meaningful action to prevent gun violence. This week, Congress should close the loophole that allows convicted felons, domestic abusers, and terrorists to buy guns without a background check. Congress should dedicate resources to the Centers for Disease Control to study gun violence. It is a public health crisis. Congress should take steps to keep deadly, militarystyle weapons out of the hands of dangerous people. Enough is enough. We have lost too many children, too many mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, coworkers, friends, and neighbors. It is long past time for Congress to take meaningful action to save lives. Let’s do what 90 percent of Americans want us to do. Let’s pass the bipartisan universal background check bill today. Enough is enough. 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JOE BUSSONE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of longtime Sycamore, Illinois, resident Joe Bussone, who passed away on June 14 at age 89. Bussone joined the Navy after high school and served on three different landing ship tanks in the Pacific during World War II. He was proud of his country and believed it was an honor to serve its people. Following the war, Joe went to Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois, and then joined General Electric as a product engineer. In DeKalb, Bussone ran his own business and was known for promoting the efforts of local nonprofits, including Family Service Agency, local Kiwanis and Rotary Clubs, the Knights of Columbus, St. Mary’s Catholic Church, and others. At the intersection of Elm and California, he would often sell poppies and other items to raise money for local charitable causes. In his honor, the city named a nearby alley Joe Bussone Boulevard. As a commander at the local VFW post, Bussone always encouraged his fellow veterans of all generations. A respected community leader and loved by the family he leaves behind, Joe’s humble service will be missed. 
GUN VIOLENCE SITIN (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, last week, I brought our historic gun violence sitin back home to my district in Los Angeles to give my constituents a chance to make their voices heard. Over 100 people joined me to demand action from this Congress. Many of them had messages for you, Speaker RYAN, and I promised that I would bring their stories back to Washington and make sure that you heard them. Shannon Ross stood with tears in her eyes at our sitin, holding a photo of her cousin, as she explained that she had been shot and killed just blocks away from where our event was held. Sarah Wirtz, whose niece was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School, talked about the painful decision her sister had to make, deciding whether to bury her daughter with her favorite stuffed animal or keep it to remember her by. A war veteran from Compton told the crowd that, even though his son was shot and killed 24 years ago, he still cries every day. Nora, a mother from San Pedro, said that she lives in fear of her son being shot because he is gay. Mr. Speaker, I am calling on you to listen to the stories of the people in my community and communities across this country. Empathize with the pain they feel every day, and allow us to vote on real solutions to prevent gun violence. 
MENTAL HEALTH ACT (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge passage of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which Congressman TIMMURPHY introduced into Congress. I am a proud cosponsor. Federal mental health programs are a patchwork of antiquated programs across many agencies. Jails have become de facto mental health facilities. As a caregiver to a family member with a mental health diagnosis, I know how difficult finding proper treatment can be. The country is also experiencing an epidemic of drug use, closely related to mental health disorders. It is time we recognize these problems for what they are: diseases creating a public health emergency. Mr. MURPHY ’s bill creates a leadership post at the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. Among other provisions, it removes legal barriers to families trying to help loved ones and provides incentives for more mental health professionals to join the field. It authorizes State grants and requires better data analysis. Last year, for the first time in a decade, the U.S. death rate rose due to increased drug abuse and suicide. To turn the tide, I urge my colleagues to vote for the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. f 
PREVENTING GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, every day, 170 felons, 50 domestic abusers, and 20 fugitives are prevented from buying a gun after a background check raised a red flag. Unfortunately, loopholes allow buyers to circumvent background checks at gun shows and over the Internet, which represents 40 percent of all gun purchases. This practice is neither safe nor smart. It is not fair to responsible gun buyers or sellers. Closing these loopholes has broad bipartisan support. In fact, 90 percent of Americans—and 81 percent of Republicans—support background checks for all gun purchases. Congress can and should do more to prevent gun violence. Background checks can keep guns out of the hands of violent criminals, fugitives, and people under investigation for terror activity. It is time for a vote on this commonsense and bipartisan measure. Let’s close these loopholes and keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and criminals. 
IMMIGRATION POLICIES HURT AMERICANS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, two recent reports demonstrate the degree to which Federal immigration laws are not enforced by this administration. A new study by the Center for Immigration Studies shows that almost 1 million illegal immigrants have been ordered deported but remain in the country. The administration doesn’t seem to care. A second report found that the administration refuses to take the steps necessary to send criminal immigrants back to their countries of origin. As a result, thousands of dangerous criminal immigrants are released into our neighborhoods; one third commit additional crimes, including murder and sexual assault, against innocent Americans. Our borders are not secure. Onehalf million people come into the U.S. illegally every year. But the administration, instead of enforcing laws, wants to give amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. The immigration policies of this administration continue to hurt Americans. VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Auburn, Washington, March 31, 2013: Nicholas Lindsay, 25; Lorenzo Duncan, 23; Antuan Greer, 21. Suwanee, Georgia, July 22, 2015: Jerry Manning, 75 years old; Rebecca Manning, 37; Jacob Smith, 9; Jared Smith, 8. Baltimore, Maryland, January 23, 2013: Deshaun Jones, 15. Chattanooga, Tennessee, January 23, 2015: Demetrius Davis, 19. St. Louis, Missouri, January 25, 2013: Terry Robinson, Jr., 28. Cedar Bluff, Alabama, November 16, 2015: Sylvia Duffy, 71; Clara Edwards, 68; Pamela O’Shel, 48. Jonesboro, Arkansas, May 3, 2014: Crisanto Islas, 38; Richardo Lopez, 31; Floza Davila, 12; Brayam Davila, 10. f 
b1230 FIDUCIARY RULE (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, 33 percent of Americans have no retirement savings. This is why it is so difficult to understand why the Department of Labor recently finalized a ‘‘fiduciary rule’’ that will harm the ability of Americans, especially those of modest means, to save for retirement. By imposing new and needlessly burdensome standards on financial experts who provide investment advice to Americans, the ‘‘fiduciary rule’’ will price many retirees out of the market, causing a ‘‘guidance gap’’ which will lead to Americans saving less money or worse, not saving at all. We can’t allow this burdensome rule to wreak havoc on the financial future of American citizens. I am proud to stand up for low and mediumincome Minnesotans who are trying to save for retirement today by voting to prevent the implementation of this misguided rule. Despite the President’s veto, I remain committed to preventing this rule from harming the futures of everyday Minnesotans. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, 1 week ago, in my district, we gathered with survivors of 
gun violence and supporters of gun reform to hold our own sitin, in Carl Schurz Park, protesting the fact that this Congress has not acted on sensible gun violence reform. No more moments of silence. We want action on the floor to protect our people. We heard from many victims like Kim Russell. Her life was spared, but her friend was murdered when robbers broke into their home. She lives in fear that the attacker will get his hands on another gun and kill other people. We need to answer to Kim and to the families of the 49 gunned down in Orlando and to the thousands of other victims of gun violence and the hundreds of other victims that are outside today on the steps of the Capitol urging us to vote, urging us to act. Have a vote. If you want to vote against it, fine, but let’s have a vote on two sensible bills: no fly, no buy, and comprehensive background checks. Let’s protect our people. Let’s act on sensible gun protection. 
COMPREHENSIVE MENTAL HEALTH LEGISLATION (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it has been over 2 years since my colleague from Pennsylvania, Mr. TIMMURPHY , first introduced this comprehensive mental health bill. And every day since then, the country watched as Representative MURPHY , a clinical psychologist, continued his uphill battle to overhauling our frequently and significantly broken mental health system. Slowly but surely, strides were made. Not only did his message resonate here in Congress, but it brought a lot of hope to many suffering around the country with this illness. It is no surprise to anyone here today that we have a mental health crisis in this country. Yet, the chaotic system that exists today, while may be well intended, is the exact reason why so many individuals are left to fend for themselves, many times finding themselves in prison, homeless, or hospitalized. The system is broken, but this bill gives us the option to change that. By replacing the duplicative and ineffective programs with evidencebased care, reforming outdated privacy laws, enhancing coordination with oversight from actual experts in psychology, and increasing access to psychiatric resources, we can provide hope to those suffering that help is on the way for them. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this extremely important bill, H.R. 2646, and thank Congressman MURPHY for his diligence and for sticking to it. TERRORIST LOOPHOLE/UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS (Miss RICE of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, before I was elected to Congress, I was a prosecutor for more than two decades, and I am thinking today of all the times I have sat with devastated mothers and fathers whose sons and daughters had just been taken from them. I think about how small our debates must seem to them, how insulted they must be when they hear Members of Congress suggest that there is simply nothing we could have done to prevent their child’s murder. There are meaningful actions we can take today. We can require background checks for all commercial gun sales in America. And when the FBI and the Attorney General have reason to believe that someone is engaged in terrorist activity, we can give them the authority to prohibit that person from buying a gun. That is common sense. These two actions will save lives and will not in any way restrict the Second Amendment rights of lawabiding American citizens. While I appreciate that the Speaker may allow at least one vote on a bill related to gun violence this week, it is not a meaningful bill. It allows the government to prohibit the sale of a gun to a suspected terrorist only if they can show probable cause that the person is engaged in terrorist activity with a 72hour deadline. Victims of gun violence deserve more than that. Their families and friends deserve more than that. The American people deserve and demand more than that. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF EDNA YODER (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for a very special moment, to recognize a wonderful woman, mother, grandmother, and great grandmother, someone who has been one of the most important role models in my life, my grandmother, Edna Yoder. Last week, Edna marked the milestone of her 105th birthday, and we gathered as a family to celebrate her. The Lord has blessed her with great health and good spirits, and I cannot be more thankful for her and proud to have her as part of my family. She is a sweet, caring, and loving woman who values the important things in life: her faith in God and her family. She is a true example of what makes America such a strong and vibrant Nation. Born in 1911, as one of 14 children, she spent her life on the farm working tirelessly, milking cows at dawn and bringing in the wheat harvest in the hot Kansas sun. She has seen hard times and good times, lived through 18 different Presidential administrations, 22 different Speakers of the House, with a front seat to the great American century. Today, Grandma, on behalf of the United States Congress, I wish you a belated happy 105th birthday and many more to come. I love you. f 
UNDOCUMENTED TEXAS VALEDICTORIANS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mayte Ibarra and Larissa Martinez, two undocumented valedictorians from Texas, for their academic achievement and bravery amid the antiimmigrant rhetoric that was wielded their way. Mayte and Larissa’s educational excellence is living proof of the American Dream. No matter what your immigration status may be, if you work hard and dream, anything is possible. Their determination and academic success, despite the personal obstacles that were in front of them, helped get them into the University of Texas and Yale. Larissa’s valedictorian speech reminds us of how important immigration reform is. I want to read you a quote. ‘‘The most important part of the immigration debate and the part most often overlooked is the fact that immigrants, undocumented or otherwise, are people too. They are people with dreams, aspirations, hopes, and loved ones.’’ We should all take this message to heart, Mr. Speaker, no matter what your political background may be. We can no longer ignore the antiimmigrant rhetoric that we hear today. Instead, let’s praise Larissa and Mayte’s academic success and work to remove barriers to prevent any hardworking student from achieving the American Dream. 
IN HONOR OF CORA WILSON, STOP THE VIOLENCE (Ms. SEWELL of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Cora Wilson, let’s stop the violence. I rise today to tell the story of Cora Wilson, a 34yearold mother from Birmingham, Alabama, who was shot and killed by her exboyfriend in front of her eight children on May 12, 2016. Like many women who suffer from domestic violence, Cora Wilson endured abuse for too long. On a Wednesday night in May of 2016, her abuser ignored the restraining order and showed up at the house, where he killed Ms. Wilson and shot four of her children. I cannot mourn this tragedy with my community without doing all that I 
can to prevent such events from happening in the future. Congress must act now. The intersection between domestic violence and gun safety is paramount. While I am a supporter of the Second Amendment, the rights protected in the Second Amendment are not immune from government regulation. In fact, Congress has repeatedly failed to pass commonsense gun safety reform. Make no mistake, strengthening the background checks, eliminating gun show loopholes, and preventing potential terrorists will not limit the rights of lawful gun owners to protect and defend themselves. The rising tide of gun violence in our communities must stop. In memory of Cora Wilson and the thousands of other domestic violence senseless deaths, let’s act now. 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against congressional inaction on gun violence. I represent the 11th District of Illinois, which includes the great cities of Aurora and Joliet. And I am also the only Ph.D. scientist in Congress. As a scientist, I always look at the facts, and the facts are crystal clear that gun violence is a public health crisis and Congress needs to do more to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. It is not just the mass shootings that we read about on national news. In the cities in my district, gun violence of all kinds is an issue that we struggle with every day. Leading medical groups have taken note of the effects of gun violence on our communities and have called for change. Just this month, the American Medical Association called gun violence a public health crisis. When the foremost medical group in our country calls for action, it is time for Congress to listen. But Congress will not even allow the Centers for Disease Control to study the causes of gun violence and its effects on our communities. We need a rational and effective approach to gun violence for the sake of our communities and the safety of the American people. 
GUN OWNERSHIP IS NOT AN ABSOLUTE RIGHT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, our laws allow lawabiding citizens the right to possess guns. But why should that right allow those who are reasonably suspected of terrorist activity to purchase weapons of mass destruction? Gun ownership is not an absolute right. Some weapons should be banned, and some people should not be allowed to buy guns. Specifically, let’s start today with the proposition that if you are on the terrorist watch list, you should be placed on the gun no buy list. Yes, if you are on the terrorist watch list, you should not be able to buy a gun. Why defend people who are reasonably, reasonably, reasonably suspected by the FBI to be terrorists or terrorist sympathizers? H.R. 5611 fails to value the safety, security, and the lives of the American people. It is simple. We must vote on legislation that truly says, no fly, no buy. Speaker RYAN, bring up the King Thompson bill, H.R. 1076, to assure that those individuals on the terrorist no fly list should not be able to buy guns. Speaker RYAN, protect the American people. 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Armed Services: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN: I will be taking a leave of absence from the House Committee on Armed Services (HASC) since I have been selected to serve on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. As a representative of San Antonio, TX, Military City USA, it has been a privilege and an honor to serve on this committee. During my time with HASC, I have worked with my colleagues to meet the needs of our men and women in uniform and provide the Department of Defense with the capability required to meet the security challenges of the 21st century. The federal government’s most important responsibility is ensuring the safety of the American people. I look forward to continuing my efforts in Congress to protect our nation and its people. Sincerely, JOAQUIN CASTRO , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
b1245 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my friend from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin at the end of the Reading Clerk’s recitation of the rule. It makes in order that at any time on July 7 or 8 the Speaker can entertain motions to suspend the rules and bring up the FAA bill. In addition to serving on the Rules Committee, I serve on the Transportation Committee. We have been working very hard with the Senate to try to bring an FAA extension to a conclusion. We are very close to getting that done. But without the passage of this rule, we would not be able to consider that expeditiously later in the week. So among the many reasons to support the rule today, I would like to encourage my friends who care about transportation and who care about the Federal Aviation Administration during this holiday season to support the rule on those merits alone. But the primary purpose of the rule today, Mr. Speaker, is to bring up H.R. 4361. It is a bill designed to make some relatively minor, but important, changes to the way we interact with Federal Government employees. For example, Mr. Speaker, it ought to go without saying that focusing on pornography in the workplace during your daily activities should be prohibited. I would have guessed that it was. It certainly is in my office, but that commonsense provision is contained in this bill. It extends the probationary period, Mr. Speaker. As you know, when you get involved as a Federal Government employee, the stereotypical answer is that you can never be fired. You can be completely derelict and never be relieved from civil service. That is not true, and most of our Federal Government workers are incredibly conscientious. But it is true that we often do not have a long enough probationary period to find out whether or not someone is going to be a good civil servant. This extends the length of that probationary period from 1 year to 2 years so that we will have time to look at those employees. It adds accountability to what they call the Senior Executive Service, Mr. Speaker. That is that area just above civil service folks oftentimes at the highest points in their career providing incredibly valuable work to the government. But it has been a challenge for folks to provide managerial accountability to those individuals, and we have added those improvements to the underlying text as well. This is a compilation of many different ideas that have all been vetted individually. We have combined them together. Again, they are independent ideas, but they are all focused around the idea of how do we give the taxpayers the best bang for their buck when it comes to America’s civil service system. Now, this came out of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. Speaker, but that is not to say that folks will not have some other ideas on how to make this bill better. I would like to tell you, Mr. Speaker— and I don’t do so with a small amount of pride; I do so with a great amount of pride—that every single Member who brought amendments to the Rules Committee yesterday and said they had ideas about how to improve this bill, every single Member that brought amendments got amendments. We talk about how to run this institution, Mr. Speaker, in a way that gives folks a voice. We have seen in recent times that how folks express their voice varies in this institution. I think it is important that we find a respectful way to have a dialogue about the ideas. The Rules Committee is not always able to make everything in order. In fact, we weren’t able to make everything in order last night either, but every single Member who came to make their case, every single Member who submitted ideas to the committee was heard and will have an opportunity to bring their ideas here on the floor of the House. Mr. Speaker, this is the way we ought to be doing business. This is the way that the Rules Committee was designed to operate. It is a rule that all of my colleagues can be proud of. I hope that we will quickly dispense with this rule so that we can get on to the underlying legislation. I encourage all my Members to vote in the affirmative. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to the rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 4361. Once again, this rule is not open. It does not make in order all amendments that were offered at our meeting yesterday. It makes in order some of them, but not all of them. In fact, much less would be offered here on the floor if we allowed this under an open rule where Members would have the opportunity to offer germane amendments while we were having the debate. This is a silly bill. It would simply attempt to prevent the President from being President for the rest of his term of office. We elect Presidents of the United States to 4 years in office. I understand the gentleman from Georgia may not have voted for this particular President. There have been Presidents in the past that I haven’t voted for, but according to our Constitution, their term is 4 years. It is a particularly silly effort because it is a bill that requires the President’s signature. Of course, the President, rightly so, has said that he will veto it. Why would a President support a bill that says: I am agreeing to not do anything for the final 6 months of my Presidency? This bill is really more of a talking point just trying to further delegitimize the current President of the United States. It is part of a systematic effort throughout this great President’s time in office to delegitimize him and prevent him from doing the duty to which he was elected, to serve as our Commander in Chief and chief of the executive branch in government which, of course, involves rulemaking authority, which has always been the prerogative of the executive branch. Now, we can write tighter legislation, and we probably should. That is a matter of legislative prerogative to prevent future Presidents of both parties from interpreting the authority we give them in ways that are contrary to this body’s goals. But you certainly can’t fault a President when you leave them the discretionary authority in bills that pass this body to become law simply trying to make them work. Now, this is a messaging bill, again, to delegitimize the President. Well, it turns out that we Democrats have our own messaging that we want to do as well, and we are going to be spending a lot of our time here today, as we have been, talking about meaningful legislation to address gun violence. Americans have demanded meaningful action on gun violence in the wake of the worst mass shooting in America’s history at the gay club in Orlando just recently, and continual violence and the threat of terrorism continue to be a scourge in our communities. Now, before heading on the holiday break, my Democratic colleagues took strong, necessary action with regards to their actions on the floor. The demands are simple, and a number of my colleagues will talk about them. One, a vote on a bipartisan bill that the President would sign if it reached his desk that would simply expand background checks, which my home State of Colorado has already done. But, again, until we close this gun show loophole, even residents of my State that are convicted felons, who, through due process of law, lost their right to bear arms, can simply drive an hour to Wyoming and go to an openair gun show without any background check. Even though they are a convicted felon, they can purchase a weapon. So we do need a better system of background checks, and, of course, a bill to address people that are on the terrorist watch list from acquiring arsenals to commit terrorist acts. 
Enough is enough. Every single one of my colleagues has a personal experience with these kinds of incidents in their district. Communities have suffered long enough, and, frankly, it is time for action. We can’t only do moments of silence; we need to take action. Of course, this bill we are considering is just a continuation of the Republican effort to delegitimize President Obama at the end of his term, just as many of my colleagues from the other side have attempted to do throughout his presidency. Do you know what? President Obama was elected. Do you know what? President Obama was reelected. He is the President. He will be President until January when we inaugurate a new President. Taking actions like denying him even hearings or votes on Supreme Court nominations or passing a bill saying that Federal agencies have to stop their work just because you don’t like who the President is is really disrespectful to our constitutional system of governance. This bill would virtually prevent the President of the United States from doing his job by stopping all rules regardless of when the rules were proposed or how long they have been working on various regulatory improvements. It also has several provisions that are needless or antagonistic toward Federal employees. For instance, if Federal employees are underperforming or defrauding, we need to make sure that we have the tools to make personnel decisions, and this bill prevents that. Many of the majority claim that some of these ideas come from the business community. But, of course, it is not a practice in the business community to demean employees and then turn around and ask them to do more for less. Instead of wasting time on this bill that is never going to become law—it is not going to pass the Senate; if somehow it did, the President would veto it; it is not going to become law—let’s start work on bills that, for instance, make it harder for terrorists to acquire arsenals to commit acts of terror, and to make sure that convicted felons can’t simply cross State lines to acquire a weapon that would be illegal because there is no background check and so there is no way of finding that out. Those are the kinds of things we need to do. Let’s get back to work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I look forward to working with my friend from Colorado to fight terrorism in this country. We have bill after bill after bill after bill that we are working on collaboratively here. We need go no further than the Defense Appropriations bill, which we all know needs to move across this floor. We know NDAA is a perennial challenge that we work on together and collaboratively in order to give folks the tools that they need. And certainly not to diminish the role this body has in fighting terrorism, this body also has a role in governing the civil service system. This happens to be a civil service bill today. Instead of bringing seven different rules on seven different bills and taking up all of that floor time talking about the civil service, we have combined them all into one bill so that we can move expeditiously and we can take care of the business that is important to do. Far from taking tools away from the civil service, this bill adds tools to the civil service. Instead of a 1year probationary period, it is 2. Instead of having to demote someone, you have a possibility of removing someone. If the behavior is egregious, this is an addition of tools to the civil service arsenal. We heard testimony in the Rules Committee last night, Mr. Speaker, of a survey of Federal Government employees who themselves said it is too difficult in the current system to get rid of underperformers in their midst. Who among us does not want to work in a team of excellence? I am very inspired by the commitment of so many of the men and women in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker. Folks that are depicted in the media as scoundrels, I am proud to work with so many folks here because they are hard working public servants who want to do the right thing for their constituents back home even when we disagree. b1300 But I will tell you that, far from being a bill targeting this President, this bill has nothing to do with the President. Far from this being an opportunity to try to rein in the President’s powers, I would remind my friend from Colorado, Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution gives absolutely no rulemaking authority to the President whatsoever. I will say that again. The President of the United States under the United States Constitution has absolutely no rulemaking authority whatsoever. Every bit of rulemaking authority granted to the President of the United States is, in fact, a grant, and it is a grant that comes from the United States Congress. To characterize having this institution do oversight on its delegation of its responsibilities to the chief executive officer, to characterize that as some sort of antiObama agenda is ludicrous. In fact, I would tell you, Mr. Speaker, it has been Presidents of both parties as lame ducks, while they are on their way out the door, when they are no longer accountable to anyone in America any longer, who have pursued their most aggressive rulemaking role in those lame duck days, in those final 2 months after the last election their Presidency has taken place. I don’t understand how we are served by that on either side of the aisle, on either end of Pennsylvania Avenue. And I would remind the entire Chamber that the rulemaking that goes on in executive branch agencies is rulemaking in pursuit of the goals that we have legislated. To suggest that failing to implement rules and regulations is somehow harming the President is ludicrous. It is this Congress that has passed the laws that need to be implemented. We are equally harmed in this way. My challenge to the White House, Mr. Speaker, is don’t put it off. For Pete’s sake, whatever you have got going on out there that is so mission critical that it could be described as an attack on the integrity of the administration for us to try to rein it in today, let’s go ahead and get it done today, let’s go ahead and roll that rule out tomorrow, let’s go ahead and see it done in August, there is time in September and October. Every American citizen is instinctively suspicious of what goes on in this town in lame duck sessions. They are suspicious because time and time again they see things happen in lame duck sessions that could never have happened otherwise. Far from being an attack on the administration, Mr. Speaker, this bill is in service to the American people, and that is why I am proud to represent it today. I do hope we can get expeditiously again to the passage of this rule and to the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think it is obvious that this bill is targeted at the current President, Barack Obama, because it affects him during the period between the next election and when the next President, whoever she is, takes office next January. Clearly, that is the President that it is targeted after. I have never heard these Republicans have the same concerns about either President Bush or any prior Presidents, as has been done systematically against this particular President, that prevented him from doing his authority that this body has sent him bills to do. He is doing his job, and we should let him do his job until the next President takes office. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, we will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up the nonpartisan no fly, no buy legislation that will allow the Attorney General to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. The Republican majority refused even debate closing this glaring loophole for the first half of the year. Only after Democrats took action did the Republicans decide to propose a toothless version of this bill that will do nothing to keep our communities safer. This country can’t wait any longer for Congress to take meaningful action on this issue. We are happy to have a discussion if we want to talk about 
how we can have better transparency and oversight of these lists and ensure that due process is followed. Democrats care a lot about those issues, and we are happy to join those discussions and work out any issues that might exist in a bill that really is common sense. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY), to discuss our proposal, one of our leaders on this effort. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I find it particularly ironic that we are here talking about suspicion of the public, talking about accountability. I will tell you, that is why my colleagues are here today, that is why several hundred Americans came to the Capitol today: to demand accountability of this body, to demand action by this body, because in 3
1⁄2years since the slaughter of schoolchildren in my community of Newtown, this body has done nothing, nothing at all. Today, we are bringing up another useless messaging bill to provide fodder for TV ads in the fall, rather than responding to the needs of the American people. They are here. Ninety of them die every day when we do nothing about guns. So, in fact, we do need to be talking about accountability. But it is the accountability of the elected Members of Congress to bring forth reasonable, commonsense legislation, bipartisan legislation, that will help save lives. This is about immediate needs of the American people that have been going unanswered now for 3
1⁄2years. That is the sort of accountability we should be talking about today. The two bills we are asking for action on are simple. No fly, no buy. If you are too dangerous to get on an airplane, you pose a threat to the American people and national security of this country and you should not be legally allowed to buy an arsenal. And second, and critical, the basis, and it is, frankly, about accountability, we need to have background checks on each and every commercial sale of guns. If we aren’t asking a question, we are not going to know if we are keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people. The Internet has now become the go to place, whether you are a terrorist, a domestic violence abuser, a felon, or dangerously mentally ill. It is our responsibility to take action to close these loopholes, to do our best to actually write the laws that our law enforcement are charged with enforcing. So with all due respect to my colleagues about important issues about Federal employee accountability, we need to be accountable in this institution. It is our job to protect and defend the American people. That is why we are here today and that is why we are going to be here every day we are in session to raise these issues. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will tell my friends, I have only had a voting card in this institution for 51⁄2 years, but I have learned enough in those 5
1⁄2years to know that we can’t consider every issue every day. The gentlewoman from Connecticut just had her State ObamaCare exchange taken over by Federal regulators this week because it is so financially unstable. It was the 14th of 23 of these exchanges that have failed in the intervening year. Not failed the American taxpayer, though they have, but failed the American citizens who were forced into them. I will wait to hear if anybody is going to come to the floor today to wonder why it is we are not focused on abolishing those punitive actions, if we are going to have anybody come to the floor today and ask what we are going to do for those 400,000 people in Connecticut who we forced into an exchange that is now in receivership. We can’t do every issue every day. I hope we will get to these issues as well, Mr. Speaker. But let’s not minimize what this bill is today. I am not going to characterize anyone’s motives, Mr. Speaker, but the reason this bill was necessary to begin with is because the Federal labor unions that represent Federal Government employees were standing between us and some serious national security concerns. Now, that hasn’t been raised yet. But I want to make sure that if we are going to go down some rabbit holes, that we try to come back to why this is so important. At the Department of Homeland Security, Mr. Speaker, they saw an uptick in the infections of their computer system. Now, they are mandated by Federal law to protect the Federal IT infrastructure. And when they delved further, Mr. Speaker, what they found was that individuals accessing their personal email, their Web mail, from their office computer was providing the gateway for these infections at the Department of Homeland Security. So, as you would expect, the Department of Homeland Security—and this was in the Immigration and Customs Enforcement subdivision—said no more Web mail until we get this figured out. The labor union filed suit. The labor union appealed that decision and said: No, no, no, no, I understand that you are trying to protect national security here, but we think we have collective bargaining rights and that our employees have the right to access their personal email on their work time and you cannot take this step to protect national IT infrastructure security without coming to the labor union collective bargaining table first. That is just nonsense. That is just nonsense. Now, you don’t have to take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. I don’t claim to be a labor union attorney. I have never done that kind of work. But I will read from the report. This is the dissenting member, because when the labor union appealed to the labor union board, the board came down in their favor. The dissenting member of the board wrote this. He said: It is obvious to me (after having served for seven and a half years as the chief information officer at the U.S. Department of Labor) that neither the FLRA— 
—nor the arbitrator possesses the specialized knowledge or expertise that would permit us to decide when a Federal agency ought to address specific security risks or permit us to secondguess how that agency should exercise those responsibilities. 
This is a member of the labor board saying: Guess what? Having been the chief information officer, I can tell you this board has no skills that enable it to make decisions in this area. He goes on: 
I cannot conclude that Congress intended for our statute to be read so expansively as to impose additional— 
—requirements on Federal agencies before they can act to secure the integrity of their Federal IT systems, the breach of which could directly impact our Nation’s security and economic prosperity. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a member of the labor board saying: I cannot believe that what Congress intended was to give labor relations so much power in this country that agency heads would be prevented from acting in the name of national security. And he was right. He was right. But you don’t have to take my word for it that he is right. If this rule passes, if this bill comes to the floor, we are going to pass it again today. If you wonder what it was Congress intended, you need wait no further in the middle of the afternoon here on a Wednesday to find out what Congress intended because we are going to act on it again. It is lunacy, it is lunacy to suggest that collective bargaining rights have to run in conflict with national security. But that is the way the labor board came down. And only with the passage of this statutory change will we be able to see that Congress’ original intent is fulfilled. Mr. DEUTCH. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s discussion and analysis of these issues, but it begs just a couple of questions. There is some extensive discussion about what Congress intended and how a statute will be interpreted and whether interpreting that statute, acting in the name of national security, whether the statute should be clear so that it can be acted upon in the name of national security. So I ask my friend, if that is the case, if we are so worried about IT infrastructure and the security risks of 
IT infrastructure and what Congress intended in a statute, then clearly the gentleman would agree we ought to be more concerned. In fact, it should be our fundamental concern to worry not just about the security risk to IT, but the security risk to the lives of people who live in our communities. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, the gentleman knows what bills we are discussing, the gentleman knows it well. I had constituents in the office today. They brought their young children in. They are in town for the Fourth of July. And the dad said: ROB, sometimes I think folks are just trying to pick a fight up there. They are not even trying to find a solution or a pathway forward. My friend knows what FISMA requires, and it has nothing to do with the topic that the gentleman is pursuing. The gentleman knows what the labor act requires, and it has nothing to do with the topic that the gentleman is pursuing. And the gentleman knows that this bill is not trying to address a frivolous issue. It is an important issue that ought to be a uniting issue. b1315 I understand that, as Members of this Chamber, we all have different axes that we have to grind, that we all have different topics that are hot in our districts back home, and that we all have different ideas about how to move this country forward. What ought to be number one on that list for me is the FairTax, Mr. Speaker. This doesn’t happen to be FairTax day, but it is civil servant improvement day; and there is not a Member in this Chamber who believes we got it right the first time. There is not a Member in this Chamber who doesn’t believe that we can do better both for civil servants themselves and for the taxpayers who fund them. Mr. Speaker, the rule that we are debating right now made amendments in order from every single Member of this body who had ideas about how to change it. I want to make that clear, Mr. Speaker. We may hear some conversation about voices in this Chamber and whether or not they will have an opportunity to be heard on this bill. On this bill, in this moment, on this day, for this issue, every single Member who said ‘‘pick me’’ had a chance to have his voice heard. Mr. DEUTCH. Will the gentleman yield for a question? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DEUTCH. I understand what we are debating here; but I would just ask the gentleman that, as we have a discussion about national security and the security risk to infrastructure: Isn’t it true that the threat of a suspected terrorist purchasing a gun and the failure—— Mr. WOODALL. Reclaiming my time from the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, perhaps we are not going to be able to come together on solving civil service issues today. Perhaps we are not. Perhaps we are just going to have to bring this bill to the floor without the kind of collegial debate that I would have hoped for. We will just have a vote on it, and we will see where the vote lies, but it doesn’t have to be that way, Mr. Speaker. It doesn’t have to be that way. I tell my constituents at town hall meetings all the time that what has disappointed me the most in this Chamber has been the focus that folks put on those things that divide us instead of on those things that unite us. If folks treat me shabbily on the little issues, Mr. Speaker, how do I gain the trust with them to work with them on the difficult issues? If folks go around the process on the little issues, how do we gain the trust with one another to work together on the big issues? We have got to get the little things right. It provides a framework for success that we will use to conquer the big issues, too. I have unlimited faith and expectations for this body, Mr. Speaker, but let’s get this little thing right today. Let’s build that trust. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, our time is spoken for, so I appreciate our being able to ask some questions even if we weren’t able to complete them on our time. I think the gentleman from Florida’s point was that many of the arguments by the gentleman from Georgia can be applied to the need to actually prevent terrorists from acquiring arsenals to commit terrorist acts. Are we concerned about cybersecurity? Yes. Again, our time is spoken for. Mr. WOODALL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POLIS. No. I will be happy to enter into a discourse with the gentleman on his time, but I have a number of speakers here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), a leader on the issue of fighting against terrorism. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I think it is clear to the American people the extraordinary irony of this argument by our colleagues on the other side of the aisle in that they are deeply focused on national security interests and the protection of infrastructure while they refuse to debate, for a moment, the fact that thousands of people on the terrorist watch list have purchased guns. Ninetyfive percent of the people who have been killed in this country by terrorists since September 11 have been killed by a firearm, and there is no legal prohibition against preventing those individuals from going into a gun store and buying as many weapons as they want. So if we are really interested in protecting the American people and the infrastructure and the national security of this country, let’s start with the simple proposition: prevent suspected terrorists from buying guns. Mr. Speaker, since we adjourned the last time, 2 weeks ago, 543 Americans have been killed by gun violence. In my home State, since the beginning of this year, five people have been killed, and 36 people have been wounded in the State of Rhode Island by gun violence. Every day, 91 Americans lose their lives to an incident of gun violence. We kill each other with guns at a rate that is 297 times higher than in Japan, 49 times higher than in France, and 33 times higher than in Israel, just to give you some comparison. We have a gun violence epidemic in this country. We have a lot of statistics, and we have heard a lot of numbers. Earlier today, many of us stood on the steps of the Capitol with the survivors of gun violence, with mothers and fathers, with sons and daughters, with people all across this country who have suffered and whose lives have been changed forever because of gun violence. We heard from Catherine Bodine, from New Paris, Ohio. She was shot, and her 10yearold daughter was killed because a convicted domestic abuser— someone who was legally prohibited from owning a gun—was able to purchase a firearm in a private sale without there being a background check. We heard from Antwan Reeves, a father of four, who was sitting in a parked car with his cousin, Los Angeles Rams’ wide receiver Stedman Bailey, in November of last year, when someone drove past and sprayed their car with bullets. Antwan was shot 11 times as he shielded his kids in the back seat. His cousin was shot twice in the head, but, miraculously, he survived. We heard from Barbara Parker, whose daughter, Alison Parker, a reporter, was on live television when she was shot and killed, along with her cameraman, by a disgruntled former coworker in Roanoke, Virginia. We heard from Jill Robinson, whose 43yearold son died in Baltimore after he was shot in the head, chest, and leg during a robbery gone wrong. We heard from DeAndra Yates, whose 13yearold son was hit by a stray bullet at a birthday party in Indianapolis. Once an aspiring athlete, DeAndre is now a paraplegic who has lost the power of speech. We heard from Kate Ranta, who was shot by her estranged husband after he broke into her apartment in Coral Springs, Florida. Kate’s father was also shot. The incident took place in front of her 4yearold son. Finally, we heard from Andrew Goddard, whose son, Colin, was shot and killed in his French class at Virginia Tech during one of the worst mass shootings in American history. 
This epidemic is affecting Americans all across our country—young and old, rich and poor, Black and White, gay and straight. There are 33,000 Americans who lose their lives every year in an incident of gun violence. For these families, a moment of silence is not enough; and for these families, the conversation they are hearing from the Republicans is not enough. As much as you try to change the subject, we will not. We heard their stories today. It is time for the entire Congress to hear their calls and to take up commonsense bills that will reduce the ongoing bloodshed in this country. Mr. Speaker, preventing suspects who are on the terrorist watch list from buying guns and having universal background checks are bills that will make a difference in the lives of all Americans. Bring those bills to the floor. Do it today. Let’s have a debate. Let’s hear the arguments. Do it for every American whose life has been changed by this epidemic. We owe it to them. We can have lots of debates, but these are urgent issues that are facing our country. We owe it to the American people. I ask my friend from Georgia: Will you use your influence in the Republican caucus to bring these bills to the floor? To urge the Speaker? You are an eloquent debater. Bring these bills to the floor. Defend your opposition so as to let the American people have a vote. Let’s honor the memories of all who have been hurt by gun violence in this country, and let’s do something today. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would say to my friends that I believe in this institution, and I believe in the debates that we have here. I was very disappointed in what I saw before the Fourth of July when folks took away the voices of many of us on the floor, and did so in violation of the rules that I hold to be very important; but I am grateful to my friends for the way that they are doing their debate today. They have an important issue that they want to spend time on, and I would be happy to reserve so that they could continue to do that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to be clear. We would rather have this debate time under the rule for a bill that allows for the consideration of the no fly, no buy bill; but given that that rule hasn’t come up before the Rules Committee yet, this and the 1 minutes and the sitins are, really, the only alternatives that are left to what I believe to be a majority of this body that cares a lot about keeping weapons out of the hands of terrorists. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON), a leader on the issue to reduce gun violence. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I thank the gentleman from Colorado. I associate myself with his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my colleague from Georgia that the disappointment that you had before the Fourth of July break pales in comparison to the disappointment of the families in the State of Connecticut and of the families all across this Nation who have witnessed firsthand devastation that defies comprehension and definition. It is that palpable feeling and their frustration for people who are sworn to serve the constituents they represent and to be denied even a vote. As for the bill for which this rule is currently being discussed, I agree with what Mr. POLIS had to say, but I would say this: At least you are getting a vote. PAUL RYAN has said—and I have great respect for our Speaker—‘‘we will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head on . . . We should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated,’’ except we don’t ever get to state them because there is never a bill that comes before the floor. JOHN LEWIS and I had a candid discussion with the Speaker last night at the Speaker’s invitation. The Speaker is an honorable man, and his respect for JOHNLEWIS and for J OHNLEWIS’ explanation in talking about why we are here and why people are gathering outside of this building on a daily basis and throughout the social media, I think, is indicative to what is happening here in our call for a vote. Later today, on a rule and on a bill that TIMMURPHY is putting forth, the Speaker said: Geez, I hope we can all come together on that. We went back to our caucus and to our people, and they all said: We understand the importance and magnitude of that bill. We understand the work that has gone into it. We will work and participate even in the midst of strong disagreement and differences because of the respect for the institution and also the work that went into that. We just ask that you respect our concerns, and, more importantly than our concerns, the concerns of hundreds of thousands of constituents all across the country who are asking for one simple thing: the responsibility, and then the dignity that comes from a vote. It doesn’t matter where we sit in the final analysis. It matters where Congress stands, and we need to stand up and be counted. As has been said, the gentleman from Georgia is an eloquent debater. I have great respect for people on the other side of the aisle. It is now long overdue that we have an honest debate, whether we disagree or not, and to honestly state them. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to tell my friend from Connecticut how much I appreciate his comments. You don’t solve big issues by fussing at each other on TV. You solve big issues by sitting down with each other and talking about them. I appreciate the gentleman’s accepting the Speaker’s invitation. It was an earnest effort to try to find a pathway forward. I am proud to serve in a House that is led by someone who is committed to finding pathways forward and to doing them in the collaborative way that the gentleman from Connecticut described. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend from Colorado. Mr. Speaker, I would, respectfully, tell my friend from Georgia that preventing guns from falling into the hands of suspected terrorists is a big issue, but it is a small issue for us to address. It is very straightforward. I oppose the rule today because I find it hard to believe, given the threat of suspected terrorists’ buying guns, that, rather than debating that, we are debating a bill about eliminating pornography from our agencies. That is the priority. America is watching. What is this House going to do in response to the continued threat of gun violence? Last month, in my home State of Florida, we suffered the worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. We shut down the House to demand a vote on legislation that will make our communities safer. Now, this week, we have a proposal before us that looks like it was blessed by the gun lobby. The fact is that gun companies have had their way in Washington for too long, and it is about time that we put the safety of the American people first. This morning, I met with my constituent Kate Ranta and joined her on the Capitol steps. She is a brave survivor of gun violence. Her words that she shared on the Capitol steps deserve to be heard in the people’s House; so I will share them. ‘‘I am far too familiar with the dangerous and deadly relationship between guns and violence against women in America. ‘‘Threeandahalf years ago, my estranged husband stalked me to my apartment, an address I had not given him. b1330 ‘‘He shot through the door with a 9 millimeter handgun. My father and I were standing behind that door pushing against it. My son was standing directly behind us and the bullets flew through the door. ‘‘My father and I were both shot in front of my son when he was only 4 years old. He screamed, ‘Don’t do it, daddy. Don’t shoot mommy.’ ‘‘He then watched me crawl in my own blood and begged for my life. He was only 4.’’ Kate’s domestic abuser shouldn’t have been able to get a gun, but our 
broken and disjointed laws just don’t work. Thirtytwo States don’t require background checks on all gun transfers. Those who we know are dangerous, those we know who want to hurt their own family, the presence of a gun, Mr. Speaker, in a domestic violence situation makes it five times more likely that the woman will be killed. Our broken gun laws make it as easy as a mouse click to get a handgun or a rifle with a 30round magazine. Or they can go to one of the estimated 2,000 gun shows held every year in America. They can get these guns with no questions asked. We must close these loopholes. Kate won’t stop speaking out for her family and for others like hers. I won’t stop speaking out for them. We have to have a vote to close the background check loophole. I also value the way this body works. I value debate. But it is not debatable. It is not debatable that if you buy a gun in a gun store and have to have a background check that you shouldn’t have to have the same check if you buy it at a gun show or if you buy it online. It is not debatable. It is not debatable that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to buy guns. Let’s move forward and do the right thing for the American people. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous question so that the House can consider legislation to close an outrageous legal loophole that allows known terrorists to purchase deadly weapons. Mr. Speaker, I am a United States Marine. I carried an M16A4 in Iraq, and I know something about firearms. I know that marines go into battle armed with these weapons because they are an effective tool for killing people. I know that militarystyle weapons fire rounds at velocities exceeding 3,000 feet per second. And as a surgeon in Orlando said, ‘‘the bullets have more energy to them—more speed—so they cause more tissue injury.’’ I know that causing more tissue injury is the very point of these weapons. I know that highcapacity magazines enable shooters to kill more people before law enforcement can stop them. I also know that these magazines have no useful purpose for hunting or for sports shooting. I know that, despite all of this, House Republicans oppose keeping assault rifles and highcapacity magazines off our streets. Incredibly, they even oppose legislation that would prevent terrorists who want to kill Americans from purchasing militarystyle weapons. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I know that it is shameful and horrifying that children in America today conduct active shooter drills in their classrooms. I know it is shameful and horrifying that, in the wake of Orlando, some of our LGBT brothers and sisters still live in fear in the 21st century. And I know that it’s within our power to stop the carnage in our communities by passing commonsense gun violence legislation. Let’s defeat the previous question, and let’s finally get serious about ending the epidemic of gun violence in America. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are going to have an opportunity to vote on this rule here in about 15 minutes. And when we dispose of this rule and then we bring up the underlying bill and then we vote on that underlying bill, we are going to make a difference on the one issue that is before us today. I do hope that we will be back in here to have more of a conversation. I regret that we didn’t start that conversation sooner. I regret that when Republicans controlled the House, the Senate, and the Presidency, they did not solve the challenge of violence in this country. And I regret that when the Democrats controlled everything in this Nation—the House, the Senate, and the White House—they did not solve the challenge of violence in this country. Mr. Speaker, if it were easy, we would have done it before. But I am absolutely certain of one thing, and that is that the solution is going to be found with earnest discussion, not shrill recriminations. Of that, I can be sure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I say to my friend from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) that I don’t think anybody is saying that this will somehow solve the issue of violence in this country. We all know that is a complicated issue. There are economic factors. There are social factors. But it should be common sense that terrorists shouldn’t be able to assemble arsenals to commit acts of mass violence against our fellow Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote against the previous question today so we can bring up amendments that will address the issue of gun violence prevention in our country. Eightyfive percent of Americans believe that we should pass the no fly, no buy bill. Ninety percent of Americans believe that we should expand and enhance background checks for those folks who are trying to buy guns. And we have a perfect opportunity to do it. There are two bills in the House, both of them bipartisan, that address these two issues. Both of them are bipartisan. Both of them are pro Second Amendment. Both bills help keep guns away from criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill. Earlier today, some 300 victims and survivors of gun violence assembled outside. I listened to what they had to say. Later, I met with one of the women, one of the victims, Catherine Bodine from Ohio. She was wounded, and her 10yearold daughter, Samantha, was killed. The murderer was a felon. He could not pass a background check, could not go to a licensed gun dealer and buy a gun. So instead he went online, and he bought a gun online. He wounded this woman, and he killed her 10yearold daughter, Samantha. We should do everything we can to prevent those sorts of tragedies from happening, and we have a chance to do it with the two bills that are in this House. The background check bill, the bill that would have prevented this murderer from buying a gun online, is not only bipartisan, it is not only pro Second Amendment, it has 186 bipartisan coauthors. This is easy to do. This isn’t a heavy lift. Bring the bill to the floor for a vote. Let America see us do our work. Let the Representatives of the American people have a vote on a background check bill that will, in fact, save lives. We know that background checks save lives. Every day, 170 felons are prohibited from buying guns through licensed dealers because of background checks. Every day, 50 domestic abusers are prohibited from buying guns through licensed dealers because of background checks. Why not expand it to include all commercial sales of firearms, not just 60 percent of the commercial sale of firearms? This makes sense. It is bipartisan. It is pro Second Amendment, and it will save lives. It works. We know it works. It will stop criminals. It will stop terrorists, and it will stop the dangerously mentally ill. It will make it much more difficult for them to get guns. Will it stop all violence? No. Nothing can do that, but this is our first line of defense. This is something that this Congress can do that will save lives. Please bring these bills for a vote. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my friend from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) if he has any further speakers remaining. Mr. POLIS. We have a lot of speakers, hundreds of them. As much time as you want to give us, we will be happy to use. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time so those speakers can continue. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I am on the floor today to urge our Republican colleagues to allow the two bills that have been spoken of over and over and over and over again to be brought to the floor. You know the statistics. Abraham Lincoln said that the sentiment of the American people is everything. The sentiment of the American 
people has been expressed. There is over 90 percent support for one bill and 85 percent support for the other. We all know that our top responsibility as Members of Congress is the security of our country and its people. This is a national security issue. This is a national security issue. No one in my district can believe that we would allow someone that the FBI has placed on their terrorist list to be able to go out and purchase weapons. This simply doesn’t make any sense. The American people are worthy of so much more. The other bill, the background check, Mr. THOMPSON gave a magnificent description of that. You know, above the Speaker’s chair, it says, ‘‘In God we trust’’—‘‘In God we trust.’’ Do you think for a moment that God is proud of where we are and what we are not doing? Members gather here, and they have moments of silence, moments of silence, thoughts and prayers. You know what? Maybe we should gather and pray for ourselves that God will give every single Member of this House the courage to stand up and to do the right thing for our country and to lessen this devastating violence that is taking and claiming too many lives of the American people. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to share with the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) that I don’t know how things work on the other side of the aisle, but I will tell you, at every Republican Conference meeting we have, we open it in prayer. We pray for ourselves; we pray for you; we pray for this Chamber; and we pray for the President of the United States. I think that is time well spent, and I am glad that we still open this House in prayer every day of the week. Again, there is more that we can accomplish beginning on that foundation of those things that unite us than we can on those foundations of things that divide us. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to respectfully request that my constituents and your constituents receive the dignity of having their Member of Congress cast a vote on gun safety legislation, specifically, on background checks and making sure that terrorists don’t buy guns. I served on Active Duty in the U.S. Military. I am still in the Reserves. I fired guns. I have taken them apart, cleaned them, and put them back together. I have two marksmanship awards from the United States Air Force, and I know how lethal these weapons are, which is why we need gun safety legislation. Every day, 297 people are shot. That means that in the next 5 minutes, someone else will be shot. Who will that be? Will it be a child? Will it be someone that you know? Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we have many more speakers, but we are out of time. I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Jonathan Blunk, A.J. Boik, Air Force Staff Sergeant Jesse Childress, Gordon Cowden, Jessica Ghawi, Navy Petty Officer Third Class John Thomas Larimer, Matt McQuinn, Micayla Medek, Veronica MoserSullivan, Alex Sullivan, Alex Teves, Rebecca Wingo, those are the victims of the Aurora shooting. Jennifer Markovsky, Ke’Arre M. Stewart, Garrett A. Swasey, those are the victims of the recent shooting at the healthcare clinic in Colorado Springs. It is time for action. As we stand here today, we are still reeling from the deadliest mass shooting in our country’s history at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, targeted against the gay community. It is time for action. It is our duty in Congress, our moral duty as parents, sisters, brothers, husbands, and wives to protect our fellow Americans. We can do that and protect the Second Amendment. We can and must do both. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and the underlying bill. Demand the leadership of this House bring up the bipartisan background check bill and the no fly, no buy bill to prevent terrorists from assembling arsenals to kill our fellow Americans. Personal liberties and public safety are not mutually exclusive. We can protect both. I yield back the balance of my time. b1345 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I love serving on the Committee on Rules. We are the last committee to touch every piece of legislation before it comes to this House. It gives us a chance to perfect some of that legislation, but it also gives us a chance to work through the rules of the House. There are some things that people think are glorious and glamorous about being a United States Congressman, Mr. Speaker, and I wish someone would send me a list of those things from time to time. I will tell you one thing that is not particularly glamorous, and that is sorting through Jefferson’s Manual of procedure here. What is not particularly glamorous is reading the House rules. But if one were to do those things, Mr. Speaker, if one were to do those things, what one would find is that any Member of this Chamber can bring up any bill they wish to bring up if they can get a majority of the House to agree with them to do it. Not the majority of the House, Mr. Speaker, but a majority of the House. I am going to say that again. Any Member of this Chamber can bring up any bill in this House if only they go out and do the work of finding 218 votes to agree with them. Now, Mr. Speaker, it sounds like a lot of heavy lifting to get 218 votes to agree with you, but it turns out, if you can’t get 218 votes to agree with you to bring it up, you can’t get 218 votes to agree with you to pass it, so you can’t move the legislation anyway. We heard testimony from the other side about the outreach that our Speaker, PAULRYAN, is doing to try to bring together the sides of this House, and I love him for that. But we have also heard it suggested that the majority is using its majority to silence voices in this House—and it can’t be done. It can’t be done. If you have 218 votes, you can do anything you want in this institution, and if you don’t have the 218 votes, you can’t do anything at all. Time and time again, Mr. Speaker, we have seen this Chamber moved from the filing of a discharge petition, the gathering of 218 votes, and this House coming together to move issues forward. There is no shortage of avenues for a Member of Congress to have their voice heard. What there is a shortage of sometimes is finding the folks who want to do the hard work to make it happen because, I promise you, Mr. Speaker, it is easier to come down here on the floor of the House and make a speech than it is to go door to door and gather 218 votes to move a priority of mine. It is hard. It is hard. Now, we have done that on the underlying bill, brought together different pieces of legislation designed to make incremental changes to provide taxpayers more bang for their buck and civil servants more tools at their disposal. We did it because agency heads who were trying to implement procedures in the name of national security were stymied. We did it because Federal employees, when surveyed, said they feel like they are surrounded by underperformers, and folks can’t get rid of those underperformers in a capable and efficient way. We are responding to those changes. When folks came to the Committee on Rules and said: We know how to do it better—and by ‘‘folks,’’ Mr. Speaker, I just want to be clear, I am not talking about Republican folks. I am talking about Republicans, Democrats, every Member of this Chamber who came to the Committee on Rules and said: I have a plan to do it better. We said: Bring your amendment to the floor of the House, and let’s have a vote. Bring your amendment to the floor of the House, and let’s have a vote. Do not let someone tell you that when PAUL RYAN is trying to run an open facility that it is not happening right here in this Chamber. It is happening here today, and it happens over and over and over again. Every Member who does the hard work and the heavy lifting to craft an idea—not to craft a speech, Mr. Speaker, but to craft an amendment, not to come down here and make a point, but to come down 
here and make a difference. Every single Member who said: I have a difference that I can make on this legislation, the Committee on Rules said: Bring your amendment to the floor, and we will have a vote. Let’s succeed together on the little things, Mr. Speaker. If the hard things were easy, we would have done them already. The hard things are hard, and that is the problem. Let’s get together on these things that are common sense. Let’s get together on these things that bring us together. Let’s get together on these things where every single voice in the Chamber is being heard. Let’s succeed, let’s make a difference, and then let’s come back tomorrow and do it again. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Today’s mental health system can hardly be described as a system at all. While some States are undertaking promising improvements, the system is fragmented, overwhelmed, and underresourced. Far too many people with mental illnesses can’t get the treatment they need to live long, healthy, and productive lives, so I am pleased that this bill takes an important step toward improving mental health care in this country. The bill under consideration today, Mr. Speaker, is a significant improvement over the original version introduced a year ago. It is no secret that many of us had substantial concerns with some of the provisions in the original text of the bill, and I am sure that my fellow Members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce remember the extensive debate we had on this bill during our subcommittee markup last November. Since that time, we have found common ground. We removed many provisions that would have done more harm than good, in my opinion, and replaced them with policies that strengthen the bill. I am proud that H.R. 2646 now includes several policies championed by Democrats. The bill requires that States provide the full range of early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment— EPSDT—services to children in the Medicaid program who receive inpatient psychiatric care at socalled institutions of mental disease. It creates a new assertive community treatment grant program and a peer professional workforce grant program. The legislation also creates new grant programs to address adult suicide, expands access to community crisis response services, and creates and disseminates model HIPAA training programs. A great deal of work went into crafting this agreement, and I want to thank my Republican colleagues for continuing to meet with us throughout this process so that we could bring a bipartisan product to the floor. That said, the bill before us today is not transformative reform nor is it a panacea to the many problems now facing our mental health system. I encourage my colleagues to see this legislation as a necessary step rather than a solution, and I want to be very clear on this point. If we are truly serious about fixing our broken mental health system, we have to expand access and make sustained investment, and that means we must work to encourage all States to expand Medicaid and provide more Federal resources to support the growth of communitybased prevention, treatment, and recovery services. This legislation is not comprehensive. It by no means contains enough funding to make the mental health system whole. I hope that, in the near future, we can work together again on additional legislation to increase treatment options and further strengthen mental health parity enforcement. I once again want to thank my colleagues who stood with me throughout this long process, fiercely voicing their concerns and advocating for major improvements to the bill. I want to thank Chairman UPTON for his leadership, and the bill’s sponsors, Representatives TIM MURPHY and E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , for championing this issue for so many years. 
I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan bill, and I look forward to the Senate’s action on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, who has been supporting this from the onset. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, today marks a very important moment in the long and tortuous road to reform a mental health system that is broken and must be fixed. I joined the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ), a psychologist and my friend and colleague, and our former colleague, now U.S. Senator from Louisiana, Dr. BILLCASSIDY , in a conference room in the basement of the U.S. Capitol in December 2013, where the three of us stood together and called on Congress to address a mental healthcare system in crisis, a system where millions of Americans suffer every year and are all too often pushed into the shadows by archaic regulations and an outdated Federal bureaucracy. 2
1⁄2years later, I am proud that the House stands poised today to pass the most significant reform to our Nation’s mental health programs in decades. This bill includes provisions I have championed to help provide early detection of eating disorders and improve access to treatment coverage. This is an historic achievement, as it marks the first time Congress has addressed eating disorders specifically through legislation. I thank Subcommittee Chairman MURPHY , Chairman U PTON , and the entire Committee on Energy and Commerce for working together to pass this landmark mental healthcare reform bill and move us one step closer to providing millions of Americans and their families a chance at treatment before tragedy strikes. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. b1400 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2646, legislation to improve our mental health system. This bill is a positive step forward. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work to improve access, prevention, and treatment for those with mental and behavioral conditions. We worked extensively and collaboratively to craft the legislation. I want to particularly thank Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman UPTON ; Ranking Member P ALLONE ; Representatives KENNEDY , M ATSUI , LOEBSACK , TONKO , and D EGETTE for their contributions; and Congressman TIMMURPHY for elevating the conversation about mental health. H.R. 2646 includes new grant programs that expand access to critical mental health services, such as community crisis response systems and adult suicide prevention. It provides new tools to improve compliance with mental health parity, HIPAA training programs for patients and providers to better understand their protections and rights, and a peer professional workforce development grant. I am pleased that this legislation extends the Federal Tort Claims Act to help professional volunteers at community health centers. It also affords the full range of Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic, and Treatment services to Medicaid children who receive care in Institutes of Mental Diseases. While not comprehensive and lacking key resources, today’s vote marks a significant step forward to strengthening our Nation’s mental health system. Again, I want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee and their staffs, and I urge Members to vote in favor of this legislation. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ) the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for yielding, but especially for taking the lead on this issue. Mr. Speaker, it has been decades since Congress has reformed our mental health laws. Unfortunately, we have seen so many negative aspects since then. Suicide rates are through the roof. There are so many other problems throughout our country. It has touched every community in this Nation. We see a growing problem with mental health. This bill really refocuses efforts, but it also puts a different priority on Federal grants and Federal agencies to force them to do a better job of addressing these problems. It also helps families to get more involved in the mental health problems that their own children face. Right now, some Federal laws make it harder for parents to help their own children. These kinds of serious problems have been complicated to work through. Mr. Speaker, when you look at the fact that it has been decades, there is a reason why. This is hard work. It is complicated work. This bill has been at least 3 years in the making, and so it is very important that we bring this bill to the floor today and pass it over to the Senate. This is not only reform that can pass the House, but reform that actually get signed by the President and make a real difference and impact in improving people’s lives. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. For far too long, those with mental illness have been left in the shadows, and mental health prevention and treatment have been left out of our health systems. The mental health crisis in this country is very personal to me, and I have been fighting for patients and their loved ones for many years. I believe there is a lot we can do better to stop or slow down the hurt and pain that patients and families feel when mental health is left unaddressed. The bill before us today is a good bill. It is a first step toward mental health reform, offering policies that help move us in the direction of better parity between mental and physical illness, a stronger workforce trained to address mental illness, and promotion of evidencebased services and supports. Especially important to me are the provisions that will help clarify when and how providers are able to share information with families and caregivers in order to better serve the patients in times of need. There is more left to be done, more to do, and our reform efforts will not be complete or comprehensive until we make real investments in our mental health system. I will continue working for the comprehensive mental health reforms that our families need and deserve. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), chairman of the full committee and who we owe a great debt of gratitude for moving forward this bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, today marks an important milestone in the multiyear, multiCongress effort to deliver meaningful reforms to the Nation’s mental health system. Last month, the Energy and Commerce Committee passed this bill 53–0 in committee. It has been bipartisan. We know that this is an issue that impacts every community and so many families in one way or another. We continue to hear tales of great loss where intervention was lacking or nonexistent. So we got to work. We spent hundreds and hundreds of hours—I am not kidding—in staff work and work by Members. For way too long, mental health was a subject that was left in the shadows. Thankfully, that is no longer the case. Today we have developed a thoughtful solution. Throughout the process, we have achieved many important reforms. Today we build upon that momentum. Our current system of siloed grants, prevention, and treatment simply doesn’t work the way it should. This bill changes that with real reforms to provide SAMHSA new tools, under the leadership of a new Assistant Secretary, and we have done it the way that we should. This bipartisan bill will save lives, aid families, and provide comfort and relief to those who are struggling. Mr. Speaker, today marks an important milestone in the multiyear, multiCongress effort to deliver meaningful reforms to the nation’s mental health system. Last month, the 
Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously approved H.R. 2646 by a vote of 53 to zero to help families in mental health crisis. This is an issue that impacts every community, and so many families, in one way or another. We continue to hear tales of great loss where intervention was lacking or nonexistent. But you know what? Congressman Tim MURPHY got to work. For way too long, mental health was a subject left for the shadows. Thankfully, that’s no longer the case. Today, we have developed a thoughtful legislative solution. Throughout this process, we have achieved important reforms and today we build upon that momentum. Our current system of siloed grants, prevention, and treatment simply does not work as well as it should. The ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’ includes new reforms to make sure the federal government is leveraging their dollars with investments in evidencebased programs. The bill includes reforms to provide SAMHSA new tools, under the leadership of an Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, to do its job better. Thoughtful legislating takes time and dedication. This Congress we have seen multi year landmark committee efforts finally make it across the finish line in SGR reform, pipeline safety and chemical safety reforms, which were both signed into law late last month. 21st Century Cures has taken years, and we continue to make progress. And I am hopeful these mental health reforms that we have long pursued are on the same path to being signed into law, building upon our proud bipartisan record of success. This bipartisan bill will save lives, aid families, and provide comfort and relief to those struggling. This strong bill is something that both Republicans and Democrats can be proud of. I thank Dr. MURPHY , Health Subcommittee Chairman PITTS, full committee Ranking Member FRANK PALLONE and the staff, who worked hundreds of hours to bring us to where we are today. This bill will truly make a real difference and deliver meaningful reforms to families in mental health crisis all across America. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. While this bill is not perfect and necessarily represents a compromise from all sides, it is a good first step in making the improvement to our Nation’s mental health system. It has been a long road to get here, and the passionate debate we have had has only served to strengthen the bill and produce legislation that we can all support. In particular, I would like to highlight section 502, which is based on my Coordinating Crisis Care Act, which I sponsored. This provision would authorize a new grant program at SAMHSA to fund the development of realtime bed registry systems that will help get individuals in crisis the appropriate care they need in a timely fashion. By ensuring better coordination of crisis care systems, we can save lives and support individuals and families in their time of need. Looking forward, Congress needs to do more to heal a broken mental health system. We should pass additional legislation that would ensure vigorous enforcement of our mental health parity laws and to strengthen mental health and substance use coverage for Medicaid and Medicare beneficiaries. That is ultimately the key to quality performance here for the mental health community. Finally, we have to acknowledge that the current dysfunction in our mental health systems stems, in part, from decades of broken promises and a chronic underinvestment in communitybased mental health services that simply cannot be solved by one single bill like this. We must do better, and I stand ready to help in that fight. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of Representative MURPHY’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Ten million Americans suffer from serious mental illness, Mr. Speaker. If they get care, they are 16 times less likely to harm themselves or others. Right now, too many patients fall through the cracks. At a recent roundtable in Medford, Oregon, and on a teletownhall I just completed, I heard from parents about their children who experienced homelessness and violence due to their illness, from caregivers about the difficulty of getting timely care, and from law enforcement about how the default place for the mentally ill is often a jail. The consensus among all of them was that the healthcare system, the government, and society are failing those who need help the most. They overwhelmingly support the provisions in this legislation. We can improve treatment, we can and do boost resources, and we will get care to people in need, especially in our rural communities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member PALLONE , Chairman UPTON , and Congressman MURPHY for, once again, the bipartisan leadership that has guided this bill through our committee and onto the floor. Mr. Speaker, you cannot listen to the constant stories from patients and families who have been denied access to mental health care and believe that there are not tragic gaps in our mental health system. This bill is a bipartisan, incremental step forward in our efforts to address those gaps. I am especially pleased by the inclusion of my bill to remove the discriminatory barrier to care for children in certain inpatient psychiatric facilities, yet we have to acknowledge that, unless this is just the first step, we have failed to fix a broken system. Unless we increase Medicaid reimbursements rates, providers will still be forced to turn away our most vulnerable patient populations. Unless we inspire and encourage a new generation to pursue careers as psychologists, psychiatrists, and social workers, there will still be a shortage of professionals to care for our patients. Unless we can guarantee parity, insurance companies will continue to construct barriers to care, leaving patients without access to the mental health system no matter how strong that system may be. And that is where our eyes should be focused tomorrow after this bill is passed. Whether in conference or in our future committee hearings, we cannot accept this bill as a full, comprehensive fix to a fully broken system. If we do, patients suffering from mental illness will continue to fall through the same gaps that exist today. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, of which I am a cosponsor. I want to thank Chairman MURPHY  for the extensive amount of time and attention he has put into addressing mental health and substance abuse disorders. He even joined me in my district to hear directly from my constituents about this particular bill. I thank Chairman MURPHY again for that. We discussed the struggles that individuals with mental illness face and how Congress can best address the need of those we serve. With their input, we worked to address every aspect of this overall problem. This legislation will help countless individuals and families in my district in Florida and in communities across our country. I urge my colleagues to support this great piece of legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the Democratic sponsor of the bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. As the original Democratic cosponsor of this piece of legislation and the one that preceded it, I am proud to see it come to the floor today. H.R. 2646 is a demonstration of more than 3 years of collaboration between not only myself and Congressman TIM MURPHY , but the many other Members and organizations that came to the table to offer feedback, suggestions, and, at times, criticism. At no time did Congressman MURPHY turn anyone’s input down. 
The end result is a bill that remains focused on enabling the most severely and mentally ill to access the treatment they desperately deserve, while allowing their families and caregivers to help them along the way. This piece of legislation contains several necessary provisions, including the establishment of an Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder, easing our Nation’s chronic shortage of psychiatric beds, requiring the Secretary of Health and Human Services to clarify confusing HIPAA rules surrounding mental health patients, and increasing grant programs with results proven to help individuals with serious mental health illness gain access to treatment like Assisted Outpatient Treatment and Assertive Community Treatment. As two of the few mental health providers serving in Congress—another over here to my left, Dr. MCDERMOTT , a psychiatrist—Congressman MURPHY  and I have always been focused on the needs of the severely mentally ill. Many that we read about daily in our many cities across the Nation end up in jail or prison. b1415 While the homeless and prison population are particularly vulnerable to mental illness, these are the individuals that get the least amount of attention and access to mental health services. Through our work, we have a deep understanding of patient need, and this need is not being met. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Unfortunately, we have found that many of our fellow Members lack the understanding of patients in crisis, making this process more difficult. I am hopeful, however, that this bill will be a framework to help us move the needle forward on mental health treatment in America. I would like to thank Congressman MURPHY for his steadfast commitment to mental health. I would also like to thank the chairman, FREDUPTON , and our ranking member, Mr. PALLONE , for their hard work on this measure. While we still have a long ways to go, this is certainly a step forward. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), who has been a real champion of this bill. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 1 in 4 adults, a total of 61.5 million Americans, will experience mental illness within a given year. The numbers alone don’t tell the stories behind the deeply personal pain that this disease inflicts on our friends, neighbors, and, most importantly, their families. Today, I am proud to stand with the gentleman from Pennsylvania in support of this strong bipartisan bill. He has truly championed the first major mental health reform in this country in 50 years. Right now, our healthcare system does not allow families of those suffering from mental illness to become partners in their health care, and this bill ensures that adult patients struggling with mental illness will receive the healthcare treatment they need, while allowing their families to become close partners in their care. It expands the mental health workforce and increases the number of psychiatric hospital beds for those experiencing an acute mental health crisis. This legislation is a significant, important step toward comprehensive, communitybased care that will work better for people and, most importantly, their families. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 81⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, and wish to thank Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , and the two driving sponsors of this measure, Congressman TIMMURPHY and Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, who have adeptly navigated this bill through very choppy legislative waters. The bill takes headon one of the most compelling and unaddressed health challenges of our society: the suffering, the anguish, the travails, the plight of the seriously mentally ill. The bill will empower parents and caregivers, drive innovation, advance earlyintervention and prevention programs, and offer alternatives to institutionalization, and provide the first step in a long time to show respect and real treatment alternatives to Americans living with mental illness. It is no secret our prisons have become the domiciles for the mentally ill. This bill rings out: ‘‘No more, no more.’’ Sadly, psychiatric care has become the responsibility of our prison system. Three of the largest mental health ‘‘hospitals’’ in our country are incarceration facilities. Speak to any local sheriff. They will tell you their jails are overcrowded with the mentally ill. What too often happens is that the ill person in an adult incarceration facility actually began their journey in a child correction facility, and as they matured, essentially, graduated to the adult facility without their underlying mental illness being properly diagnosed, much less treated. What an indictment of our Nation, not just our health and corrections system, this is, but our entire country. Today’s bill calls for a complete overhaul of the current mental health system. It has been needed since the deinstitutionalization that sent millions, some to their death when they were sent to the streets. I want to congratulate, as I conclude, Representatives MURPHY and J OHNSON  for bringing this bill to the floor and addressing a crying human need for too long ignored in our country. They are doing something noble for the Nation. The severely mentally ill must be humanely treated. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS), the chairman of the Health Subcommittee of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. MURPHY for his leadership and his persistence in getting this historic legislation to the floor. When a person struggles with mental illness, he or she may lose her job, her friends, even her family, which can make the mental illness worse. And help for this person may be available, but she may not be able to navigate available resources alone or drive to her doctor’s appointments regularly without help. Therefore, organizations providing mental health assistance must not only provide resources, they must make sure they actually connect people with people in need. When the Federal Government distributes mental health funding, it needs to go to programs that are doing this, and Congressman MURPHY ’s bill is a step in the right direction. His bill will increase accountability so that we can better understand how Federal mental health and substance abuse treatment funds are used in each State. It would summarize best practice models in the States and do many other things, and this way we can highlight mental health programs that are most effective. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Health Subcommittee. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to say congratulations to Congressman MURPHY . His persistence brought this bill to the floor, and it is important that this issue be discussed. We are all going to vote for this bill. It will go out of here unanimously. We are all going to vote for it. But it is a hollow promise if there is not some money in it. Now, I was in my training in Chicago, in 1964, when the first mental health money came from the Federal Government to Chicago, and it went all 
over the country. And if the Federal Government doesn’t put money into this program that we are outlining in this very carefully constructed bill, we will be sending out a blank check. There will be nothing. It won’t be worth anything. To think that State legislatures or somebody is going to find the money somewhere is simply not real. Now, this morning, Mr. PALLONE and I sat on a conference committee on opioids. We are doing the same thing there. We know there is addiction, we know there are all kinds of problems all over the place, and we are passing a wonderful bill out with some nice words in it, but no money. And if you are not willing to put some money into a program like this, you are simply consigning the mental health people to the jail. I was the King County Jail psychiatrist in 1979 and I ran the secondlargest mental hospital in the State of Washington. I had more patients every night in that jail than anybody except the guy running the State mental hospital down in Tacoma. And that is where the mentally ill are today. If you want to get them out of that situation and get them into treatment, you are going to have to put some money out into the community in a variety of these programs. Good programs. I like what is in them. But you have got to put some money where your mouth is. I will support the bill, and I want to hear the appropriations process next. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gentleman for the recognition. Mr. Speaker, passage of this bill represents a major milestone for individuals affected by mental illness across the country, and, of course, I want to congratulate Chairman and Congressman TIMMURPHY and Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON on the progress they have made on this front. Many of us have worked in committee for a long time to achieve this day. And while we are in the business of congratulating ourselves as a routine matter, I also want to take a moment to acknowledge the participation of staff, both in our personal offices, as well as the professional committee staff that helped bring this bill to the point we are today. In particular, an alumnus of my office, Adrianna Simonelli, worked hard to get this bill to a place where both sides could expect and accept the results that we are achieving today. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the recognition. Thanks for bringing this bill to the floor of the House. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire again about the time remaining on each side, and ask whether Mr. MURPHY , how many additional speakers he has? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Does the gentleman have a number of additional speakers? Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I have about 10 more speakers who would like to speak. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), who is the ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today’s vote on this wonderful bill is the result of longstanding efforts in the Energy and Commerce Committee to come to a bipartisan compromise on mental health legislation. I particularly want to thank my compadre, my chairman, Mr. MURPHY , for his hard work on this. I have spent many, many hours talking to him about this bill over the last few years, and I am happy to have it come together. This bill really incorporates a number of our positive changes that included key provisions from the Comprehensive Behavioral Health Reform and Recovery Act, which I am an original cosponsor, and other bills. But as Mr. MCDERMOTT and others on this side of the aisle have said, we still have a lot more work to do. This bill is really just the first step towards true reform. And if we want to make a difference, Congress really does need to provide the resources needed. We have heard people talking about overfilled jails. We have heard people talking about parents who can’t find beds for their tremendously mentally ill children. We have heard about the lack of truly educated professionals. These things can only be achieved with resources and money. And so I truly see this bill as the first step towards a very robust mental health system in this country. The last thing I want to say is, action on mental health legislation does not excuse inaction on gun violence prevention legislation. We must do something as well as passing comprehensive mental health legislation to respond to the gun violence epidemic. Americans, my constituents, want us to take these steps. They have made this abundantly clear in the last few weeks, and I am urging that we have a vote separately on those issues. But for today, let’s all vote ‘‘yes’’ on this piece of legislation, and then let’s move forward for the important steps we need to take. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to vote on long overdue bipartisan mental health legislation. This bill will finally take concrete steps toward improving the quality of care available to those suffering from mental illness. For too long, the most desperate among us have not had access to proper mental health care. Patients, along with their families and loved ones, have had nowhere to turn. As a doctor taking care of patients in northern Michigan for 30 years, I am all too familiar with the lack of resources and attention devoted to providing quality mental health care for our Nation. There are many communities in my district there are no psychiatric beds available. Local agencies don’t have the staff or the resources to provide answers for those seeking help, let alone treatment. This bill represents a major step forward in turning all that around. I hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting this commonsense step to help deliver better mental health care. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Dr. MURPHY and Ms. JOHNSON for this landmark mental health legislation. I believe it builds on earlier legislation we enacted in this Congress, like the Clay Hunt suicide awareness and prevention bill, improving the mental health for our veterans. And it fills a void that has existed for decades now since we deinstitutionalized in the 1970s, a decision I support, but we never put Federal policy in behind it until today, Mr. Speaker, resources for the local level for inpatient care for Americans and families in mental health crisis. b1430 It improves coordination across the agencies to deliver better suicide awareness and prevention in mental health. I want to thank my wife, Mary Jo, a licensed clinical social worker, for her advice and inspiration. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. I continue to reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), my friend and colleague. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and neighbor from Pennsylvania, Congressman MURPHY, for his unrelenting leadership on this legislation and for calling attention to a problem that affects millions of families across the country. Nearly 10 million Americans have serious mental illness, including schizophrenia, substance abuse disorder, and major depression. I think today of the many families in my district who tell me about the heartbreak they have had after losing loved ones to drug addiction or suicide. This legislation will improve the oversight of mental health and substance abuse programs by ensuring we are using the most relevant data and most effective, evidencebased programs to address our mental health crisis. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time until we get to closing remarks. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MURPHY for this great piece of legislation. I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Too many families across America have experienced a loved one who is living with or has been diagnosed with a mental illness. Sadly, one in five children ages 13 to 18 have or will battle a mental illness. As a proud member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I had the privilege of visiting schools across Georgia’s 12th Congressional District and visiting with educators and staff members. School leaders from elementary school to college all say that mental health is one of their top concerns for the students. These heartbreaking statistics are more than data and numbers on a spreadsheet. They are mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, students, friends, and children. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2646. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his tireless work on this important bipartisan legislation which I was proud to cosponsor. I rise in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Every week we hear from constituents concerned about this issue, and, of course, we all no doubt know somebody battling with this issue. I appreciate the input from all stakeholders that has been taken into account here—doctors, healthcare providers, academics, and law enforcement—but, most importantly, the input from the families, the caregivers, and those dealing with the mental health conditions that are in so much need for more care. So I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill that will allow for more efficient use of the resource allocation, improved responsiveness, and reduced time and energy that is now lost spent navigating a very difficult system that will be improved by this. So I thank the gentleman. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD this list of over 50 professional organizations in support of this bill and also a list of 65plus editorials in support of this bill. 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS  EDITORIAL BOARD ENDORSEMENTS (H.R. 2646) 
2015–2016 EDITORIAL ENDORSEMENTS  1. The Florida Times Union, Congress begins to tackle mental illness (April 21, 2015). 2. ObserverReporter, Reforms to mental health system neede, (July 21, 2015). 3. The Sacramento Bee, Perhaps Congress will address mental health care (August 1, 2015). 4. The National Review, Congress is Waking Up To Mental health, (August 4, 2015). 5. Reading Record Searchlight, Perhaps Congress will address mental health care (August 9, 2015). 6. U.S. News and World Report, America Wakes Up to Mental Health (August 11, 2015). 7. The Florida TimesUnion, Florida’s inept system for mental health leads to tragedies (August 20, 2015). 8. The Washington Times, Stopping the shooters (August 27, 2015). 9. KDKANews, KDKA Urges Congress To Pass Murphy’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (August 31, 2015). 10. The Connecticut Post, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 11. The Winona Daily News, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 12. Dubuque Telegraph Herald, Congress can finally make a difference for mental health reform (September 17, 2015). 13. Boulder Daily Camera, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 14. The Rome NewsTribune, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 15. Carlsbad Current Argus, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 16. Cecil Whig, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 17. The Seattle Times, Congress can finally make a difference for mentalhealth reform (September 17, 2015). 18. Vero Beach Press Journal, Another View: Mental health reform effort deserves support (September 22, 2015). 19. Alamogordo Daily News, Mental health reform effort deserves support (September 25, 2015). 20. Grand Rapids Business Journal, Behavioral Health Care: We Can Do Better Than This (October 2, 2015). 21. The Roanoke Times, Our view: Murphy’s (wouldbe) law (October 7, 2015). 22. The Dallas Morning News, Congress can rewrite mental illness stories by doing this (October 21, 2015). 23. The San Francisco Chronicle, Crime, punishment and mental health (October 22, 2015). 24. The National Review, Editorial: The Week (October 26, 2015). 25. North Dallas Gazette, Dealing with Mental Illness in a Dysfunctional Society (October 28, 2015). 26. The Daily Courier, Seeking to help people before they pull the trigger (October 29, 2015). 27. The Sacramento Bee, We’ve come to accept the unacceptable (October 30, 2015). 28. The Washington Post, Movement on mentalhealth care (November 1, 2015). 29. The National Review, Editorial: The Week (November 2, 2015). 30. Kane County Chronicle, Another view: Movement on Mental Health Care (November 2, 2015). 31. Northwest Arkansas Democrat Gazette, Others say: Movement on mentalhealth care (November 3, 2015). 32. Grand Forks Herald, OUR OPINION: Support US. House’s mental health care reform (November 4, 2015). 33. The Oklahoman, A review of state, federal mental health laws is justified (November 9, 2015). 34. Sarasota Herald Tribune, Bill targets mental health crisis (November 22, 2015). 35. The Wall Street Journal, The Next Mad Gunman (November 29, 2015). 36. The Tampa Bay Tribune, Confront Our Mental Health Crisis (December 1, 2015). 37. PennLive, Full U.S. house should get a vote on Rep. Tim Murphy’s mental health bill (December 14, 2015). 38. The Scranton TimesTribune, Retool mental health system (December 16, 2015). 39. The Citizens Voice, Improve access to mental health care (December 16, 2015). 40. New York Daily News, Sane law promises mental health treatment for the dangerously insane (January 28, 2016). 41. Washington Post, A glimmer of hope for reforming mental health care in America (June 25, 2016). 2013–2014 EDITORIAL ENDORSEMENTS  42. The ExpressTimes, Don’t give up on background checks, mental health reform (December 15, 2013). 43. Washington ObserverReporter, Murphy’s bill a step toward mental health reform (December 21, 2013). 44. The Wall Street Journal, A Mental Health Overhaul (December 25, 2013). 45. Houston Chronicle, Dealing with it (January 15, 2014). 46. The Wall Street Journal, The Definition of Insanity (March 31, 2014). 47. Pittsburgh PostGazette, Worthy of Support: Murphy’s Mental Health Bill Faces the Critics (April 6, 2014). 48. The Toledo Blade, Worth of support (April 9, 2014). 49. Pittsburgh PostGazette, Better Care for the Mentally Ill is Crucial for Our Society (April 13, 2014). 50. The Washington Post Mental health care in the U.S. needs a checkup (April 16, 2014). 51. The Orange County Register, A Mental Health Fix That Merits A Chance (April 21, 2014). 52. Mansfield News Journal, How Congress can solve our mentalhealth crisis (May 19, 2014). 53. The Sacramento Bee, Efforts underway to prevent alltoooften tragic results of untreated severe mental illness (May 20, 2014). 54. The Fresno Bee, Orange County sets example with passage of Laura’s Law (May 21, 2014). 55. The Seattle Times, Mentalhealth reform to consider in light of Santa Barbara shootings (May 28, 2014). 56. Cecil Whig, Rampage spurring new approaches (June 2, 2014). 57. The Arizona Republic, Reforms shouldn’t protect ‘Big Mental Health’ (June 6, 2014). 58. National Review, Don’t Go Wobbly on Mental Illness (June 9, 2014). 59. The Sacramento Bee, San Francisco Casts Vote for Compassion for People with Severe Mental Illness (July 9, 2014). 60. San Mateo Journal, A vote for compassion (July 10, 2014). 61. Ocala Star Banner, Mental health issue (August 18, 2014). 62. Bradenton Herald, Bill in Congress a solid overhaul of America’s broken mental health system (August 21, 2014). 63. Raleigh News & Observer, Pennsylvania Congressman has Ideas to Address Mental Health Care (August 28, 2014). 64. The Fayetteville Observer, Mental healthcare Overhaul Bill Worth Attention (August 29, 2014). 65. The Tampa Tribune, Nation needs to treat mental illness as a crisis (December 21, 2014). 
ORGANIZATIONS  Adventist Health Care, American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, American Academy of Emergency Medicine, American Academy of Forensic Sciences, American Foundation For Suicide Prevention, American College of Emergency Physicians, 
American Occupational Therapy Association, Inc., American Psychiatric Association, American Psychological Association, Behavioral Health IT Coalition, California Psychiatric Association, Center for Substance Abuse Research. College of Psychiatric and Neurologic Pharmacists, Developmental Disabilities Area Board 10 Los Angeles, Federal Law Enforcement Association of America, International Bipolar Foundation, Mental Health America, Mental Health Association of Essex County, NJ. Mental Illness FACTS, Mental Illness Policy Organization, National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems, NAMI Harlem, NAMI Kentucky. NAMI Los Angeles County, NAMI New York State, NAMI Ohio, NAMI San Francisco, NAMI West Side Los Angeles, National Association for the Advancement of Psychoanalysis, National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems, National Council for Behavioral Health, National Sheriffs’ Association, No Health Without Mental Health, Pennsylvania Medical Society, Pine Rest Christian Mental Health Services. Saint Paulus Lutheran Church (San Francisco), Schizophrenia and Related Disorders Alliance of America, Sheppard Pratt Hospital, Society of Hospital Medicine, Sunovian, Treatment Advocacy Cater, Treatment Before Tragedy, University of Pittsburgh, Department of Psychiatry, Washington Psychiatric Society, New York State Association of Chiefs of Police. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2015. Mental health has become a crisis in our country. There is a nationwide shortage of nearly 100,000 psychiatric beds. Three of the largest mental health hospitals are, in fact, criminal incarceration facilities. Only one child psychologist is available for every 2,000 children with a mental disorder. Our Nation’s mental health system is broken. Yet through the hard work of my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ), this bill fixes the deficit that currently exists in our mental health system through refocusing programs, reforming grants, and removing Federal barriers for care. It provides for additional psychiatric hospital beds. It advances telepsychiatry to allow for better coordination. It also incentivizes States to provide communitybased alternatives to institutionalization. This bill takes numerous steps to addressing the deficiencies that our mental health community faces. I commend Representative TIMMURPHYfor his work on this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Across this country, our mental health system is broken. Nearly 10 million Americans suffer from serious mental illness, and for far too many of those individuals the Federal Government stands between them and the care that they so desperately need. The laws on the books are complicated and outdated, but with this legislation, we have the opportunity to reform our national mental health system. This bipartisan bill will refocus programs, reform grants, and remove the Federal Government as a barrier to lifesaving health care. I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation to improve the quality and access to mental health care treatment. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY), the majority leader of the House of Representatives. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is a testament to Representative TIMMURPHY ’s expertise, persuasion, and sheer force of will that something so many thought would be impossible is now inevitable. The House will soon vote to pass Mr. MURPHY ’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act under suspension. Though this bill is the most significant reform to our Nation’s mental health program in decades, it has such a breadth of bipartisan support that we know it will pass with far more than a majority of votes in this House. This is a work that Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania has done not just for 1 month, not 2, not even 1 year, but I would say a lifetime of his work. You see, each year, the Federal Government has responded with money—$130 billion to be exact. But we cannot and should never conflate the amount we spend with the effectiveness of the spending. The Federal Government has 112 programs to address mental illness. But coordination is limited and gaps are common. Children with mental health disorders can’t get psychiatrists. Criminal facilities are commonly used to house mental health patients. Funding isn’t going to support evidence based breakthroughs that improve people’s lives. We need simplification, coordination, and effectiveness. We need reforms that help those who suffer from mental illness while also making our Nation safer. This bill is thorough and will deliver. From top to bottom it will improve our fragmented mental health systems, giving new hope to those too often forgotten and support to those truly in need. It is an honor to be on this floor with Representative TIMMURPHY . He had the passion, but he had the servant’s heart to never forget those that he wanted to serve. Many of those did not have a voice, and many of those felt left out, with no one there to speak for them. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania has never given up, and he has shown that the entire body of this House, and in essence willed it together, that it came out of the Committee on Energy and Commerce unanimously, and I hope on this floor we follow that direction. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2646 and commend Dr. MURPHY for introducing it. Across the country, over 10 million Americans suffer from severe mental illness. Unfortunately, many are not receiving their proper treatment, including access to inpatient facilities or trained mental health professionals. In my prior life, I spent about 10 years as a State and Federal prosecutor. In that role, I saw the negative effects of a broken mental health system. It is a system in much need of reform in Illinois and all across this country. I have litigated many cases in which mental health played a significant role in the case, and I can assure you that when it comes to mental illness, incarceration in prison is not the solution. This bill is a step in the right direction. It is comprehensive, and it will help change the direction of our mental health system. I strongly support it and urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an important and positive step towards expanding and improving mental health care services in this country, but it is only a first step. If we are serious about strengthening our national mental health care system, we must expand access and dedicate more resources. Comprehensive legislation should include dedicating robust resources to ensure access to communitybased prevention, treatment, and recovery services in every community across the country. It must provide additional tools to strengthen mental health parity enforcement. Democrats will stay focused on continuing to expand and improve the continuum care for mental health care services. That said, I do want my colleagues, and I urge my colleagues, to support this bipartisan legislation, and let us also work together to get the Senate to pass their bipartisan bill, and they need to go to conference or somehow get a bill that would pass both Houses and get to the President. I do pledge to my colleagues on the Republican side that we need to do that between now and the end of year. I wanted to take a moment to thank the Democratic committee staff who worked so hard on this bill—most of them are on the floor—Tiffany Guarascio, Waverly Gordon to my right, Rachel Pryor, Arielle Woronoff, Una Lee, and, finally, our fellow, Kyle Fischer. Again, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to add my thanks also to the ranking member, Mr. PALLONE , for his steadfast work in this and to his staff. I have learned a lot from them. We have had a lot of conversations and hopefully we have learned from each other. Particularly, I want to thank EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Her persistence and her role as a psychiatric nurse has been invaluable in this whole process. In addition, other Members on the other side of the aisle, Mr. GENEGREEN  of Texas and Ms. DEGETTE , M ARCY  KAPTUR and J IMMCDERMOTT , who have been incredible allies in this process, and, of course, the chairman of the full committee, Mr. UPTON . The staff I want to thank are Gary Andres, Karen Christian, Sam Spector, Paul Edattel, Adrianna Simonelli; my staff, Susan Mosychuk, Scott Dziengelski; my former staff, Brad Grantz; and also Michelle Rosenberg from the committee, for their help. Publicly, I want to also thank those families who spoke up. Many families came out of their pain—Senator Creigh Deeds, Cathy Costello of Oklahoma, Anthony Hernandez of California and Jennifer Hoff of California, Liza Long from up in Idaho, and Doris Fuller from nearby—all talking about the suffering of their families. Thousands of other families spoke up, but there are still millions who suffer silently in the shadows trying to deal with mental illness and a Federal Government that has failed them, States that have underfunded it. I appreciate the comments from my colleagues. Indeed, if we do not fund some of these things we are authorizing here, it is a far cry from what we need to do. But this bill comes a long way in reforming a system. I ask my colleagues also now, this is one of those moments to put aside any political differences. In the 40 years that I have worked as a psychologist, I have never once asked any of my patients what party they belonged to. We were there to help them. This is our opportunity to speak up for those who have no voice, as I said at the onset, the last, the lost, the least, and the lonely. They depend on us. I know that Members from both sides of the aisle have told me many times of the stories that they have suffered themselves of their own families and friends. But now let me take a moment to set aside my title as Congressman or as doctor but to talk as a family member. I think I was in college at the time when I heard a soft voice call in my house just saying ‘‘help.’’ It was my father. I went into the bathroom where he was. He had cut the arteries in his arms and he was bleeding out. I called an ambulance and asked them to come get help for him. He eventually recovered and made peace. But it was that soft voice calling for help that I responded to. It is decades later and he is long gone. But it is that soft voice that millions of Americans are also calling out for help. We have a chance here with this bill to make a huge difference. Unlike any other bills we may pass in Congress, this is one where I think Members can really go back and say: Today I voted to save lives. Let’s have treatment before tragedy, because where there is help, there is hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, reforming our mental health system has been an active priority of mine. That’s why I supported legislation increasing access to the mental health care, including the Mental Health Parity Act of 1996, the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008, the Excellence in Mental Health Act, and the Affordable Care Act. Among its provisions, the Affordable Care Act expanded mental health parity protections by including mental health coverage as one of ten Essential Health Benefit categories. The ACA also ended insurers’ ability to refuse to cover someone due to a preexisting condition. Prior to the ACA, insurers often declined to cover someone who had diagnoses of mental health conditions such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and anorexia. This was no accident, and these important mental health reforms were yet another reason I supported the ACA. The amended version of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act as reported out of Committee on the Energy and Commerce, takes another meaningful step towards reforming our mental health system by strengthening enforcement of mental health parity requirements, increasing access to communitybased treatment, and growing the mental health workforce. I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation, and I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress to continue to improve the nation’s mental health system. b1445 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2646, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION AND IMPROVING HEALTH SAVINGS ACT OF 2016 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 793, I call up the bill (H.R. 1270) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for overthe counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 793, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–60, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 1270 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication and Improving Health Savings Act of 2016’’. TITLE I—RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2016 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2016’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Health Care Security Act of 2016’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Taxpayers by Recovering Improper Obamacare Subsidy Overpayments Act’’. 
Less than 200% ............... $600 At least 200% but less than 250%.$1,500 At least 250% but less than 300%.$3,000.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Kansas. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1270, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication and Improving Health Savings Act. This bill contains policies that folks on both sides of the aisle can support and have supported in the past. With the cost of health care rising, from hospital stays to doctor visits and prescription drugs, and the ever present regulatory burdens of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, H.R. 1270 combines three measures that put the people back in control of their own healthcare spending, gain more access to the overthecounter medications they need, and decrease government spending. One of the most headscratching provisions of ObamaCare requires people to get a doctor’s prescription if they want to buy overthecounter medicines at a pharmacy with their HSA money. This provision is just about the polar opposite to what most folks think of when buying aspirin or other common medicines at their pharmacy. Instead of simply walking in and paying with their HSA card for that medicine, they are turned down and told to set up an appointment with their doctor just to get a script for that medicine. It does not decrease costs for the patient or the government. It actually increases the burden people have to get those medications. Now they must make the appointment, wait for days or weeks for the visit, and take that doctor’s time away from sick patients, all to get some allergy medicine. H.R. 1270 will allow people to use their HSAs to buy overthecounter medications at pharmacies because, when someone needs some allergy medicine during this time, they should be able to get that medicine whenever they need it. With that, H.R. 1270 will allow people to put more into their HSA accounts and match the amount of their deductible and outofpocket costs. It will allow people to contribute $6,550 individually and $13,100 for a family, and those amounts will grow with inflation. Another provision that makes it harder to use an HSA declares that taxpayers may use HSA funds only for qualified medical expenses incurred after the establishment of the HSA, which might be some time after the establishment of the associated highdeductible health plan, or HDHP. The provision would treat HSAs opened within 60 days after gaining coverage under an HDHP as having been opened on the same day as the HDHP. Also, for eligible older, married Americans, this bill allows them to contribute catchup contributions to one shared HSA, simplifying the saving process and ultimately enabling them to save more and gain more control over their own health care. Finally, H.R. 1270 will better protect taxpayer dollars and modify existing limits on the amounts to be repaid by those whose advance payments exceed the ObamaCare subsidy to which they are entitled. This is a bipartisan offset. Twice, Congress has voted to increase the amount of improper ObamaCare subsidy overpayments that need to be repaid. Increasing the recovery of improper subsidy overpayments was first proposed by Senate Democrats in the 2010 Medicare doc fix and extenders legislation. Former HHS Secretary Sebelius described this offset as making it ‘‘fairer’’ for all taxpayers. As currently structured, the Democrats’ healthcare law fails to adequately protect taxpayers from overpayments of the Federal subsidies to purchase health insurance, even in the case of fraud. The current law limits the amount of money that can be recouped if recipients receive a greater subsidy than they are entitled to, even if that means keeping thousands of extra dollars in overpayments. H.R. 1270 ensures full repayment for those making more than 300 percent of the Federal poverty level and doubles the current repayment cap for those between 250 and 300 percent of the Federal poverty level. This is not a tax increase or a way to punish those who receive a pay increase; rather, it is a measure to show our constituents that we are taking care of their tax dollars by requiring the return of overpayments. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The House was originally scheduled to take up this bill tomorrow—tomorrow. There was a hole, a hole created by Republicans’ refusal to consider meaningful legislation to address gun violence in this country. I was on the steps of the Capitol earlier today hearing the poignant stories—at times, virtually unbearable to hear—from victims of gun violence, the shattering impact on themselves or their children, and what it means in real terms for the lives of their families. The bill now before us can be simply described: a tax cut mainly for the most wealthy, being paid for by the loss of health coverage for 130,000 Americans. As the White House noted in its Statement of Administration Policy: ‘‘The administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 1270, which would create new and unnecessary tax breaks that disproportionately benefit highincome people, increase taxes for low and middleincome people, and do nothing to improve the quality of or address the underlying cost of health care.’’ The Republicans have totally failed during the 6 years of healthcare reform to present an alternative. Instead, it is repeal or destroy the ACA. This is the 64th vote to repeal or undermine the ACA. This bill is one of their scattered proposals on health care. According to the Joint Tax Committee, of the approximately 1.2 million returns in 2013 with an HSA deduction, more than 50 percent are from people with incomes ranging from $100,000 to $200,000 to over $1 million. This bill would double their tax benefit. For Republicans, their banner is ‘‘the more income inequality, the better.’’ I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), who is the ranking member on the Health Subcommittee, and ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), our leader on the Ways and Means Committee and a subcommittee chairman. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Restoring Access to Medication and Improving Health Savings Act, bipartisan legislation to fix yet another provision within ObamaCare that defies all common sense. I have to commend my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee, Congresswoman LYNN JENKINS and Congressman RONKIND, for coming together on this bipartisan legislation for the sake of getting good policy. This legislation repeals an ObamaCare provision that prohibited Americans from using their pretax healthcare savings to purchase qualified overthecounter medications. Overthecounter treatments provide the first line of defense for minor ailments and illnesses. As a physician, I certainly know this well. Also, as a parent of two children, I know this quite well. We all know, Mr. Speaker, concern over the rapidly escalating cost of health care is shared on a strongly bipartisan basis. On this point, I think we all can agree. In that same vein, ensuring Americans have access to the most appropriate care at the right time is a critical factor in curbing overutilization of healthcare services. In short, not every ailment or minor illness necessitates a trip to the doctor or emergency room. My colleagues across the aisle, the architects of ObamaCare, have vastly underestimated the value in savings that overthecounter treatment options provide each year to the U.S. healthcare system. Access to overthecounter treatments is estimated to save the U.S. healthcare system and consumers $102 billion, on average, each year in avoided clinical and prescription expenditures. On average, physicians cite roughly 10 percent of office visits each year that could be avoided through appropriate use of overthecounter treatment options. In my home State of Louisiana, out ofpocket expenditures for health care over the past 10 years has more than doubled, with the most recent annual statewide expenditure for medications, alone, totaling nearly $5 billion. This is the right approach for protecting American families and seniors from some of the worst effects of ObamaCare. I firmly believe allowing Americans to use their pretax dollars toward their outofpocket healthcare costs serves as a powerful tool to start really bending the healthcare cost curve in America. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this very sensible bipartisan legislation. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the RECORD an editorial from The Washington Post called, ‘‘The Myth of Paul Ryan.’’ 
courageous leader in a sea of cynical hacks has persisted nonetheless. Even today, there are those who sympathize with Ryan, suggesting that he is somehow a victim of Trump and rightwing Republicans in Congress when, in fact, his leadership—and failures thereof—helped pave their path to power. When he was nominated for vice president in 2012, I wrote that Ryan’s vision for the country isn’t courageous—it’s cruel. While that remains true four years later, it’s not only Ryan’s policy goals that need to be exposed for what they are. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, June 22 was a historic day in this House. You could look at it from two different positions. One was it was the day that the Speaker was going to roll out, finally, after 2,000 days, his plan for health care in this country. b1500 Unfortunately for him, in the well of the House, the Democrats decided that, maybe, commonsense gun legislation was more important. This bill was supposed to come up that day, but, instead, it was put up for today, and then it was put up for tomorrow. It is important because this is the fundamental underpinning of the undoing of the ACA for this country. There was a feeling on this floor that it was more important to talk about commonsense gun legislation. People were out there, worried about it, and we stood around here again and again, bowing our heads, and said: ‘‘Gee, we are feeling awful about this,’’ and then went on with business; so the Democrats sat down and said: ‘‘We are going to do something about this.’’ The Speaker is the Speaker, and he is not to be denied, so here comes his bill again. He couldn’t get it on June 22. We are revisiting this bill with the added benefit of some time to have actually looked at what the Republican healthcare plan is. The reviews are now in. The article I included from The Washington Post calls it a ‘‘flimsy health plan,’’ ‘‘PAUL RYAN’s flimsy health plan.’’ The American people don’t understand what he is about to do to them. Medicare would be replaced by a voucher system. Medicaid would be cut radically. Consumer protections would be rolled back. Women would be denied the care they are entitled to. These are the same tired, harmful ideas that the Republicans have proposed time and time again. At the heart of this proposal is a dramatic shift of costs onto the patients. That means the wealthy will win and that the poor and the middle class will lose. H.R. 1270, which is knocking gun legislation off the agenda, is the first place they will begin the process of putting the Ryan plan into action. It is the first of a dozen bills that are required if they are serious about destroying the ACA and replacing it with their vision of health care for America. Like the rest of the Republican health debacle, H.R. 1270 is a harmful, poorly thoughtout policy. This bill has three main parts, each of which will have damaging impacts on the Tax Code and on the healthcare system. The first is to expand the HSAs, the health savings accounts. Health savings accounts are used by fewer than 1 percent of Americans—0.7 percent of Americans use HSAs. If you are above $1 million, 6 percent use them. These are mechanisms for the rich to save money around healthcare costs. Few middle and working class Americans have the incomes necessary to even contribute to HSAs. The second thing it does is to repeal an important Affordable Care Act tax revenue provision and to put more money, tax free, in the hands of drug manufacturers—$20 billion for HSAs and $5 billion for the drug manufacturers in this country, as if they weren’t making enough. We can’t even have a meaningful hearing in the Ways and Means Committee on the costs of pharmaceuticals for Americans in the Medicare program. Of course, now that we have given away $25 billion, we have got to have a payfor. Where will we get that pay for? There is something in the ACA called the trueup process. Now, if you are somebody with an income of up to 200 percent of poverty and you are working and you get a subsidy from the government because you need it to afford to buy your healthcare plan, if something changes in your life during that year, there has to be a socalled trueup process. That is, you received too much in benefits, so you have to pay it back to the Federal Government. Now, when $175,000 people like us write a bill of a grand here, a grand there, it is not really a big deal; but when you are making $40,000 or $30,000 for a family of four or $50,000 for a family of four, $1,000 is a big deal. This was a provision in the Affordable Care Act that said, if you have to pay the government back, you have to pay some proportion, not all of it, because we know it would be a real hit at the end of the year to suddenly get a bill from the IRS for $1,000. It was a way to keep people able to buy health insurance. The CBO says 130,000 fewer Americans will have coverage because of this provision. That is how you pay for giving $20 billion to the top and $5 billion to the pharmaceutical manufacturers, and that is why some of us are going to oppose this bill. My belief is that, if you are serious about dealing with health care, you are going to have to write it down. Mr. RYANput a beautiful talking point list out with not a single word of legislation. He will not write down what he really intends to do. You have to kind of intuit it and have to have spent your life thinking about this stuff to understand all of the intricacies of what he is up to. The really upsetting thing is that we ought to be dealing with gun legislation here. The American people are entitled to have us vote on gun legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee and an author of one portion of this bill. Mr. PAULSEN. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative JENKINS for her leadership and advocacy on behalf of consumers’ choice in health care, and that is exactly what this bipartisan bill does and is all about. It is giving everyone the flexibility and the ability to make healthcare choices that are best for them and for their families, because no matter what your views are about the President’s new healthcare law, you have to acknowledge that healthcare costs continue to go up for families, for small businesses, and for individuals alike. It is a pocketbook issue. Families want to have more tools and more flexibility to lower their costs and to set aside money to help pay for health care. Today, more and more people—nearly 20 million Americans—are using these health savings accounts to help save for health care. These are accounts that are used by regular, middleincome folks. In fact, the Joint Committee on Taxation just released brand new information, while we were gone on the Fourth of July recess, that points out that almost 80 percent of people who are using these HSA accounts are middleincome and lowincome. Half of the folks had incomes between $75,000 and $200,000, and 27 percent of the folks had incomes below $75,000. This is because the HSA is a very important tool that gives families certainty to help lower their healthcare bills. It allows them to shop around for the best quality care at the lowest price just like anything else they want to buy. Mr. Speaker, HSAs are growing in popularity. We know that. It is time to improve these accounts now to make them easier for all consumers to use. In Minnesota, 800,000 consumers and Minnesotans are eligible and are part of these HSA healthcare plans. This bill contains more commonsense reforms to help patients. It does include restoring the ability of patients to use their own healthcare dollars in health savings accounts and in flexible spending accounts to purchase over thecounter medications without their having to get doctors’ prescriptions first. There is no reason for patients to have to make unnecessary doctors’ visits just so they can use their own money to buy allergy medication or cold medicine like Advil or Claritin. In addition, this bill does include provisions, which I authored, to make it easier for spouses to contribute and to consolidate their accounts as they near retirement. It also allows for them to pay for their health care as they open their HSA accounts, and it allows them to set aside enough money to cover all 
of their deductible and outofpocket costs. Mr. Speaker, this bill is good policy. It is bipartisan, and it is fiscally responsible. Most importantly, it helps families save and pay for their health care. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would much rather be discussing a bill that would get automatic and semiautomatic weapons out of our lives. Nevertheless, I strongly oppose H.R. 1270. This bill gives advantage to the most secure in our country at the expense of the vulnerable. If you really look at it, it is kind of Robin Hood health care in reverse. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, health savings accounts vastly benefit highincome earners. Fewer than 0.5 percent of taxpayers with incomes under $50,000 contribute to HSAs, yet 6.3 percent of taxpayers who earn over $500,000 contribute to these accounts. This is not surprising because it is highincome earners who can set aside thousands of dollars in HSAs. The median income in my congressional district is $51,311. The vast majority of my constituents will not benefit from this bill, but they will be harmed by it. To pay for the $24 million boon to the upper income, this bill hikes up the healthcare costs of low and middleincome Americans. When low and middleincome families receive financial help to make their ACA health insurance more affordable, the ACA wisely protects them from excessive penalties if they incorrectly predict their annual incomes. Shockingly, H.R. 1270 removes these important consumer protections from thousands of low and middleincome families in order to pay for the tax breaks for the wealthy. In addition to increasing costs for struggling families, the bill would result in approximately 130,000 fewer individuals who are covered by health insurance. HSA expansion is not a substitute for comprehensive healthcare reform. HSA expansion does not lower healthcare costs nor improves the quality of healthcare services. Rather than raising the minimum wage, creating jobs, or growing the economy, the Republican leadership simply advances HSA expansion to bolster the wealth of the most privileged at the expense of the vulnerable. I urge my colleagues to reject this bill and vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the esteemed chairman of our House Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2016, led and authored by Congresswoman LYNNJENKINS . House Republicans recognize the Affordable Care Act is really making life harder for so many families and job creators. That is why we have released a detailed plan to repeal this controversial law and have put in place healthcare solutions that are focused on what the American people need, not what Washington needs. This bill by Congresswoman JENKINS helps build upon and advance that important effort. The legislation is a testament to regular legislative order. It contains three policies that have been approved in advance by the Ways and Means Committee. First, H.R. 1270 eliminates a nonsensical ObamaCare regulation that puts Washington between patients and the medications they need. Under ObamaCare, Americans are limited. They can only use their personal medical savings accounts to buy prescription drugs only. It doesn’t matter if there is an overthecounter alternative that works just as well and costs half as much. No. ObamaCare says you cannot use your own health savings to pay for it without an expensive prescription. This bill cuts this Federal red tape so Americans, in a commonsense way, have the freedom to use their own health savings or flexible spending accounts to buy the medication that best suits them regardless of what side of the counter it comes from. Second, the bill makes commonsense improvements to how you contribute to and spend from your health savings accounts. These improvements, first introduced by Representative PAULSEN and Dr. BURGESS , allow Americans to save more, to coordinate their savings with their spouses, and to have better access to their savings. Finally, the measure acts to protect taxpayer dollars by making sure that those who aren’t eligible to get subsidies pay them back. It makes common sense. If you are not eligible, you should pay them back. Some patients do under the current law. Twice, Republicans and Democrats have come together to make the ObamaCare subsidy repayment fairer. I am hopeful that we can continue that sense of bipartisan cooperation today. I congratulate Congresswoman JENKINS . Her bill will help people in America save. I urge its support. b1515 Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to speak on this important bill. I would also like to thank my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee, particularly Ms. JENKINS , for collaborating to put this package together. The bill before us is built on two important principles: patientcentered health care and good governance. This bill will expand consumerdriven healthcare accounts. For families and individuals, this means expanding their ability to set aside hardearned money tax free and giving them the ability to spend their money on the benefits most useful to them. This bill will allow Americans to use the money they have set aside for health care on overthecounter medication regardless if they go to their doctor beforehand. Just as important, Mr. Speaker, this bill will put a stop to the Federal Government continuing to overpay for ObamaCare subsidies, thereby protecting taxpayer dollars. I support these principles, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1270, because Americans should have every opportunity to use how they see fit their health savings accounts or health flexible spending arrangements. When ObamaCare was passed into law, one of the many things it limited was what health savings accounts could be used for. Under ObamaCare, health savings accounts or flexible spending accounts can only be used for prescription medications and insulin. In other words, if you have a headache, you cannot use the money you have saved for medication services. You would need to either get a prescription for your headache or pay for an over thecounter drug out of pocket. I believe one aspect to any successful marketplace is allowing consumers to use their income and resources as they see fit to manage their health. Limitations and control by the government on how Americans can interact with retail businesses is never good, especially in health care. That is why H.R. 1270 is so important. H.R. 1270 removes the ObamaCare limitation on medication payments for health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements so Americans can use their accounts for both overthecounter medications as well as prescription medications. We must continue to remove the governmental barriers that limit consumer action and choice. We must work to ensure that every American has choices to make so the U.S. healthcare system remains consumer driven. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include into the RECORD a letter from the Executive Office of the President, a Statement of Administration Policy dated 21 June of 2016 on this bill where the President says, in the last line: ‘‘If the President were presented with H.R. 1270, he would veto the bill.’’ 
H.R. 1270—THE RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICA TION ACT OF 2015 —REP. JENKINS , R–KS, AND 39  
COSPONSORS  The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 1270, which would create new and unnecessary tax breaks that disproportionately benefit highincome people, increase taxes for low and middleincome people, and do nothing to improve the quality of or address the underlying cost of health care. The Affordable Care Act is working and is fully integrated into an improved American health care system. Discrimination based on preexisting conditions is a thing of the past. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million more Americans have health insurance. And under the Affordable Care Act, we have seen the slowest growth in health care prices in 50 years, benefiting all Americans. H.R. 1270 would repeal the Affordable Care Act’s provisions that limit the use of flexible savings accounts for overthecounter drugs—provisions that help fund the law’s coverage improvements and expansions. The bill also would provide additional tax breaks that disproportionately benefit those with higher income by expanding taxpreferred health savings accounts. These changes would do little to reduce health care costs or improve quality. To fund these new highincome tax breaks, H.R. 1270 would increase taxes paid by low and middleincome families by removing the law’s limit on repayment of premium tax credits available through the Health Insurance Marketplaces. Rather than refighting old political battles by once again voting to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, Members of Congress should be working together to grow the economy, strengthen middleclass families, and create new jobs. If the President were presented with H.R. 1270, he would veto the bill. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, it is very clear that this is, as Mr. LEVIN said, the 64th or 65th—I have lost count—effort to undermine the Affordable Care Act and to begin the process of sliding Americans away from Medicare and Medicaid and privatize the whole business and leave the American people in the loving hands of the insurance industry. We understand. Newt Gingrich said, when he became Speaker, that his number one goal was to get rid of Medicare; and the Republican Party has been doing that since 1994. I have been here the whole time and watched it over and over and over again. We have beaten it back, we have beaten it back, and we have beaten it back. The fact is that the American people are entitled to security in their health care. In every other industrialized country in the world, people do not worry about being bankrupted by their illness or an injury or whatever might happen to them. Health care is not something that you have very much control over. In fact, this idea that you can shop your health care; that somehow, as you are driving down the road and suddenly your heart has problems, you can stop and say, ‘‘Well, let me get a phone book here and find the cheapest cardiologist to go to or the cheapest cardiac surgeon,’’ that kind of shopping doesn’t go on. We are not buying iceboxes here. We are designing a system where we are trying to help everybody. The Republican plan is simply pulling people away from that and forcing them into their own individual box. You take care of yourself. I have no responsibility for you whatsoever. That is the end of a civilized society when we stop caring about people in the society who have the most trouble dealing with the problems they face, not because they are weak or stupid. These people who are getting these benefits, buying their healthcare plan, are using that money because they don’t have enough to do it on their own. Something changes in their life. One of their kids gets married. Suddenly they are no longer a deduction. So they have suddenly got to be in the trueup process, and we are going to take their money away from them because their kid got married. Now, my view is that everything about this bill is not in the best interest of the American people. Not only are they entitled to health security, they ought to have some security, and that means that we ought to have a process where everybody who wants to buy a gun ought to have to go through a background check. I was going home on the plane last week after what went on here, and a guy came down the aisle about the size of the man in the chair and said to me: ‘‘I am a gun collector, and I got 25 guns and they are all registered, and they should be. And I am a Republican.’’ This country understands the commonsense nature of the legislation that we should be considering today here. Instead, we get the beginnings of eroding the healthcare system. The Speaker is inexorably working toward it, and we will just have to keep fighting. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS OF Kansas. Mr. Speaker, as I said in my opening statement, this bill deserves bipartisan support. It seems that the main objection from my Democratic colleagues relates to the ObamaCare subsidy overpayments, and our desire to get back some of the money that our constituents have received either fraudulently or not under this law is just a commonsense approach. This is not a tax on poor Americans nor is it a Robin Hoodstyle break for rich Americans. Rather, it is a bipartisan offset that many of my friends on the other side of the aisle have voted for not once, but twice. It is a chance to fulfill our obligation to be good stewards of the dollars that hardworking Americans have paid in taxes. We must pass H.R. 1270 to protect taxpayers, reduce the deficit by more than $2 billion, and show that we can agree to change some bad provisions in ObamaCare that drive up costs, decrease access, and unwisely spend taxpayer dollars. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 793, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 803; Adoption of House Resolution 803, if ordered; The motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 1252; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2646. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 164, not voting 26, as follows: [Roll No. 351] YEAS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
Bass Bost Buchanan Cramer Culberson Delaney Denham DeSantis Ellmers (NC) Farr Grijalva Harris Hastings Katko LaMalfa Lewis Meeks Nadler Nugent Rice (NY) Scott, Austin Speier Takai Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1543 Mses. EDWARDS and CLARK of Massachusetts changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ASHFORD changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I was inadvertently detained on rollcall vote 351 regarding H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2015. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on rollcall 351. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 351 had I been there. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4361, FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 803) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 180, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Hastings Katko Nadler Nugent Schrader Takai Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 354, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2646) to make available needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 422, nays 2, not voting 9, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Hastings Katko Nadler Nugent Takai Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 4361. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 803 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 4361. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1621 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, we are here to consider H.R. 4361, the Government Reform and Improvement Act of 2016. As amended, the bill combines seven goodgovernment bills, each of which have been reported by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and I look forward to hearing from some of the bill’s sponsors as we move this package today. Broadly speaking, these bills address three key issues: enhancing Federal information technology security, modernizing the Federal workforce, and addressing Federal regulatory burdens. The first topic, enhancing IT security, is addressed through the first title of the bill and is a cause championed by Representative GARY PALMER , also the sponsor of the underlying bill that is under consideration now. Specifically, title I of the bill addresses a Federal Labor Relations Authority determination that was based on an incorrect interpretation of the Federal Information Security Management Act, or what is widely referred to as FISMA. The ruling permits Federal employee unions to delay agencies from implementing timely and necessary cybersecurity protections, like blocking access to potentially dangerous Web sites, until the agencies first negotiate with the unions over the changes. The second topic, Federal workforce modernization, is covered by titles II, III, IV, and V of the legislation. Title II includes the text of H.R. 901, a bill introduced by Representative MARKMEADOWS of North Carolina, and requires the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidelines to prohibit access to explicit Web sites from Federal Government computers, unless such access is necessary for investigative purposes. It is kind of ridiculous that we have to legislate this, but it is such a pervasive problem in our work on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, this is a vital bill that is in that package. We have heard numerous examples of this problem. One individual, for instance, Mr. Chairman, was at the EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency, and was identified by the inspector general there. This person was watching 2 to 6 hours per day of explicit material—otherwise known as pornography—on the clock and paid for by the American taxpayer. Title III includes the text of H.R. 3032, a bill introduced by Representative KENBUCKto lengthen the probationary period for Federal employees to 2 years after training is completed. Currently, Federal employees have a probationary period of just 1 year, which often does not give managers sufficient time to evaluate onthejob performance. Title IV includes the text of H.R. 4358, a bill introduced by Representative TIMWALBERG . It will modernize the Senior Executive Service, also known as the SES, the elite administrators within the Federal Government. Specifically, the bill will increase the probationary period for SES members to 2 years and make SES members subject to the same suspension authorities for misconduct that are already applied to other civil service employees. Additionally, agencies will be able to remove SES employees for ‘‘such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service.’’ So what we are trying to do is provide more efficiency, and this is an appropriate bill. Title V includes the text of H.R. 3023, a bill introduced by Representative DENNIS ROSSof Florida to require the Office of Personnel Management to release an annual report on the use of official time by agencies. Official time is when Federal employees perform representational work for a union in lieu of normally assigned work. I think it is appropriate that we have some more specificity for Congress to understand what is happening here. The third topic, addressing regulatory burdens is covered by the final two titles of the bill, title VI and title VII. Title VI includes the text of H.R. 4612, a bill introduced by Representative TIMWALBERG of Michigan to prohibit agencies from proposing or finalizing rules in the period between the day of a Presidential election and the inauguration day of a new President. This provision will address a recurring problem where sitting Presidents of both parties will rush through the regulations at the end of the term which have been come to be known as midnight regulations. To counter the problem of midnight regulations, every President since Ronald Reagan who has taken over from the opposite party has issued an immediate regulatory moratorium to pause the regulatory process until it can be reviewed. Rather than forcing incoming Presidents to handle a torrent of new regulations advanced by an outgoing President, the bill would allow new Presidents to move forward on regulations they deem appropriate. Mr. Chairman, title VII includes the text of H.R. 4921, a bill introduced by Representative MARK WALKER , also of North Carolina, to require the Internal Revenue Service to mirror what the agency requires of taxpayers in its own recordkeeping requirements. Imagine that—the IRS has to live under the same standards that they make the American people live under. Specifically, the IRS requires taxpayers to keep their tax year information for 3 years after filing. This bill does the same. A lot of good bills are wrapped into this package. I urge our Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to this legislation, which is yet another Republican assault on Federal employees and the Obama administration. Some Members claim this is a good government bill. That is simply not true. This legislation is a mishmash of several bills that would damage employee rights, weaken public health and safety, and do little, if anything, to advance government reform. Although there are many troublesome provisions, I will focus on the more harmful parts of the legislation. First, this bill would allow agency heads to fire senior executives with little notice. A senior executive would be allowed to appeal an agency decision only after removal. The agency decision would be deemed final if an administrative law judge failed to issue a decision within 21 days. This could bind an executive to an agency’s decision by default rather than by judgment on the merits of his or her case. That is simply unfair. Almost identical provisions were included in a law enacted in 2014 affecting the Department of Veterans Affairs. Not surprisingly, they are being challenged on constitutional grounds in the Federal circuit court of appeals. The Department of Justice has acknowledged some of the constitutional infirmities by choosing not to defend some of these provisions. This bill also would lengthen the probationary period for new employees from 1 year to 2 years. By this extended probationary period, these workers essentially would be atwill employees. They would have minimal due process rights if they are unfairly fired, and they would have minimal appeal rights if unwarranted disciplinary action is taken against them. b1630 I understand that this legislation is intended to provide agencies with more authority to root out socalled bad apples from the Federal workforce. However, I do not believe the solution to getting rid of a few bad apples is to attack the due process rights of millions of hardworking, dedicated Federal employees who serve the American people honorably every single day. These provisions would also endanger whistleblowers and make employees more vulnerable to retaliation for reporting waste, fraud, and abuse. History has shown why these due process protections are so necessary. I would like to read from a report issued by the Merit Systems Protection Board in 2015: ‘‘Due process is there for the whistleblower, the employee who belongs to the ‘wrong’ political party, the reservist whose periods of military service are inconvenient to the boss, the scapegoat, and the person who has been misjudged based on faulty information. Due process is a constitutional requirement and a small price to pay to ensure the American people receive a meritbased civil service rather than a corrupt spoils system.’’ 
We must remember that Congress put in place these due process protections to eliminate this spoils system. Now by trying to move Federal employees back to being atwill employees, our Republican colleagues would be returning us to that broken and dangerous system. Another misguided provision in this bill would block the President from finalizing significant regulations during the last months of his term, even if those regulations have been in the works for an extended period of time. Blocking agencies from finalizing rules they had been working on for years just because it is the end of a President’s term is not good policy and it is certainly not good governing. I include in the RECORD a letter from the American Association for Justice, dated February 29, 2016, and a letter from the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, dated March 1, 2016. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE , February 29, 2016. Re The Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612). Hon. ELIJAH CUMMINGS , Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR RANKING MEMBER CUMMINGS : AAJ urges members of the committee to oppose the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612) which would impose a moratorium on any new proposed or final major regulations during the final months of this and future presidential administrations. This misguided bill would jeopardize crucial public protections by blocking regulations based on timing alone. It presumes the regulations which are proposed or finalized during the socalled ‘‘midnight’’ rulemaking period are rushed and inadequately vetted. Yet many of the regulations which this moratorium would apply to have been in the regulatory process for years. These regulations were delegated by Congress to agencies in order to protect children from toxic toys, families from tainted food, and consumers from financial exploitation. Furthermore, the need to ban such regulations has not been demonstrated. The Administrative Conference of the United States (ACUS) conducted an extensive study of regulations finalized near the end of previous presidential terms and found that found that the majority of the rules are either routine matters or tasks that were initiated before the Presidential transition period or the result of deadlines outside the agency’s control (such as yearend statutory or courtordered deadlines). It is also important to consider the varied regulations which could be impacted by this moratorium. One example is the pending Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) regulation on long term care that contains important protections for nursing home residents. This regulation could also offer nursing home residents protection from forced arbitration clauses. This rulemaking is scheduled to be finalized in the fall and has been on the CMS’ regulatory agenda for three years. There is no reasonable basis to prevent CMS from implementing important protections for nursing home residents. This moratorium could impact a number of meaningful regulations aimed at improving the health, safety and welfare of the American people. Yet the need for such a drastic action is not supported. Under the guise of attacking the regulatory actions of the Obama Administration, this bill guts effective public health and safety measures and should not be tolerated. AAJ urges members of the committee to vote no on H.R. 4612, the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016. Sincerely, LINDA A. L IPSEN , Chief Executive Officer, American Association for Justice. 
COALITION FOR  SENSIBLE SAFEGUARDS , March 1, 2016. Re Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612). Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, House of Representatives, Oversight & Government Reform Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. ELIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Oversight & Government Reform Committee, Washington, DC. The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards (CSS), which includes more than 150 diverse labor, consumer, public health, food safety, financial reform, faith, environmental and scientific integrity groups representing millions of Americans, urges members of the committee to oppose the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612) which would impose a blanket moratorium on any new proposed or final major regulations during the final months of this and future presidential administrations. This bill would jeopardize public protections affecting public health and safety and the environment that often are years, if not decades, in the making. Worse, it would exempt attempts in the final days of an administration, through rulemaking, to ‘‘undo’’ or weaken existing regulations. The proposed legislation is based on a fatally flawed premise: that regulations proposed or finalized during the socalled ‘‘midnight’’ rulemaking period—the period following the election and before the inauguration of the new president—are rushed and inadequately vetted. In fact, the very opposite is true. There are currently dozens of public health and safety regulations that have been in the regulatory process for years or decades, including many that date from the Obama Administration’s first term or implement laws passed in the first term. Indeed many regulations predate this Administration entirely. Many of these regulations were mandated by Congress and have missed rulemaking deadlines prescribed by Congress. Referring to regulations that have been under consideration by federal agencies for years, and in some instances decades, as ‘‘rushed’’ simply is not true. A small sampling of longdelayed regulations that could be blocked by this moratorium illustrates the harmful impact of the bill. The pending Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulation protecting workers from exposure to the toxic carcinogen silica has been in the regulatory process for nearly twenty years and the current silica standard dates from 1971. Critical pipeline safety regulations have yet to be completed under the 2011 Pipeline Safety Act, an issue of urgent bipartisan concern given recent pipeline ruptures and leaks. The Food and Drug Administration has yet to implement regulations under the 2009 Tobacco Control Act to safeguard the public and particularly young people, from new and potentially dangerous tobacco products such as electronic cigarettes. Approximately a quarter of required rulemakings under the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform Act have yet to be implemented over five and a half years after the law was enacted and nearly eight years since the financial crash. Among those rules are important measures to bring transparency to bank executive compensation and limits on excessive speculation that drive up energy prices for consumers. The Interior Department has yet to finalize the ‘‘blowout preventer’’ rule that was a primary factor in leading to the massive British Petroleum oil spill in the Gulf almost six years ago. Prominent administrative law experts have concluded that the concerns regarding these regulations are not borne out by the evidence. For example, in 2012 the Administrative Conference of the United States (ACUS) conducted an extensive study of regulations finalized near the end of previous presidential terms and found that many ‘‘midnight regulations’’ either were ‘‘relatively routine matters not implicating new policy initiatives by incumbent administrations,’’ or ‘‘the result of finishing tasks that were initiated before the Presidential transition period or the result of deadlines outside the agency’s control (such as yearend statutory or courtordered deadlines).’’ In the end, ACUS concluded, ‘‘the perception of midnight rulemaking as an unseemly practice is worse than the reality.’’ As the ACUS study points out, there is little to no empirical evidence supporting claims that regulations finalized near the end of presidential terms were rushed or did not involve diligent compliance with mandated rulemaking procedures. In fact, it is likely that compliance with the current and too lengthy regulatory process prevents agencies from finalizing new regulations efficiently, and thus earlier in presidential terms. This is because many of the regulations that Congress intended to provide the greatest benefits to the public’s health, safety, financial security, and the environment currently take several years, decades in some instances, for agencies to implement due to the extensive and, in many cases, redundant procedural and analytical requirements that comprise the rulemaking process. Indeed, CSS maintains that the inherent inefficiency of the current regulatory process, leading to a broken system of regulatory delays and paralysis across agencies, is the primary area in most of need of urgent attention and reform by this Committee. Making matters worse, H.R. 4612 establishes a flagrant and unjustifiable double standard in the regulatory process by exempting deregulatory rules from the moratorium, thereby prioritizing deregulation over proprotection measures. The practical effect of this exemption is to ensure that the legislation will only apply to administrations that favor proregulatory measures and thus creating a permanent loophole for administrations that favor deregulatory measures. This onesided application betrays foundational administrative law principles that require regulatory procedural mandates to apply to both deregulatory and proregulatory actions in a neutral and fair fashion. Taking the claims of ‘‘midnight regulation’’ critics at face value, there is simply no principled basis for allowing deregulatory measures to be ‘‘rushed’’ through the process without ‘‘adequate vetting’’ while at the same time preventing agencies finalizing and implementing public protections by falsely claiming that they did not receive adequate consideration. This Administration ends on January 20, 2017. It is incumbent on them to do their constitutional duty to implement the laws of Congress until that date. CSS urges members of the committee to reject both the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612) and false and misleading rhetoric that bears no reality to the real 
problems of excessive and systemic delay in the regulatory process. Sincerely, ROBERT WEISSMAN , President, Public Citizen, Chair, Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. The letter from the American Association from Justice states: ‘‘This misguided bill would jeopardize crucial public protections by blocking regulations based on timing alone. It presumes the regulations which are proposed or finalized during the socalled ‘midnight’ rulemaking period are rushed and inadequately vetted. Yet many of the regulations which this moratorium would apply to have been in the regulatory process for years.’’ Contrary to what our Republican colleagues may believe, the President is a President until January 20, 2017, according to the Constitution. Just as the Republicans are wrong for blocking the President’s Supreme Court nominee in his last year of his term, this provision is also wrong, it is awfully wrong, for attempting to curtail the authority of a President of the United States to protect the interests of the American people. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 4361. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ), the sponsor of the bill under consideration today. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government’s most important responsibility is to protect this Nation and our citizens, particularly when it comes to defending against cyber attacks. In June and July of last year, 2015, the Office of Personnel Management announced the largest government data breach in history. The personally identifiable information of over 22 million Americans was compromised, including background investigation and fingerprint data. The national security impact of the OPM data breach will resonate for decades. Under the Federal Information Security Management Act, or FISMA, the head of each agency is responsible for securing its information systems from unauthorized access and other threats posed to our Nation’s security and economic vitality. But under a mistaken interpretation of FISMA, the Federal Labor Relations Authority determined Federal employee unions can block agencies from taking action to implement cybersecurity protections against direct risks until the agencies first negotiate on them. Mr. Chairman, the security of Americans’ data is nonnegotiable and should not be eligible for bargaining. Securing hundreds of millions of Americans’ data and millions of Federal employees’ data is more important than the convenience of a few Federal employees in using government computer systems for personal use. This bill ensures that the head of a Federal agency does not just have the responsibility to swiftly secure the agency’s networks, but also has the authority to do so, and without having to go through collective bargaining. The next time a Federal agency acts in the interest of securing Americans’ data, the head of the agency should be confident the action will not be challenged because the agency did not engage in bargaining over cybersecurity. I believe this is an important step that we can take to empower Federal agencies to act quickly to secure agency networks and protect Americans from cyber attacks. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member from Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to another attempt by Republicans to undermine due process protections, prevent the President from finalizing rules during his last months in office, and override collective bargaining rights for Federal employees. In fact, this bill, H.R. 4361, eliminates the ability of agencies to issue rules toward the end of a President’s term, assuming some kind of shoddy rulemaking to finalize a rule before a President’s term is up. This kind of assumption is wrong. There is nothing shoddy going on. The Administrative Conference of the United States found most endofterm rules related to routine matters or were issued in response to deadlines outside of the agency’s control. This is nothing more than another effort to reverse the will of the American people when they reelected President Obama in 2012 by impairing the ability of our government to function in the last months of his term. Additionally, H.R. 4361 is like Christmas in July for those opposed to the labor rights of our fellow Americans, including antifamily provisions and provisions of dubious constitutionality. Specifically, this bill exempts from collective bargaining requirements any action taken by an agency head to limit, restrict, or prohibit access to a Web site that the agency head determines presents a security risk to the agency’s IT systems. In practice, this would erode collective bargaining rights by excluding ‘‘any impact or implementation’’ of such an action from collective bargaining requirements, such as reasonable accommodations to allow an employee to communicate with family members or schools. H.R. 4361 also subjects the members of our Senior Executive Service to the political whims of Presidents by stripping them of their ability to appeal their termination after a decision by an administrative law judge. The Department of Justice has declined to defend the constitutionality of similar provisions before the court of appeals for the Federal circuit. H.R. 4361 should have no place in our American laws. I strongly urge my colleagues to keep it that way. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), who has been integral in making this bill a reality. I thank him for his hard work in championing these efforts. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, I am not sure what bill my friends on the other side are talking about, but I am glad to be talking about a great bill that my friend, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ), has introduced. I appreciate his work on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee to craft H.R. 4361, the Government Reform and Improvement Act of 2016. It includes a series of good government reforms that will provide more accountability and transparency to Federal bureaucracy that is sorely lacking each. I am proud the legislation includes two of my bills: the Senior Executive Service Accountability Act and the Midnight Rule Relief Act. The Senior Executive Service Accountability Act brings muchneeded reform and gives agencies commonsense tools to hold senior leaders more accountable for their taxpayerfunded work. Specifically, the bill ensures employee performance is measured, eliminates loopholes that allow reprimanded officials from keeping perks like executive pay, and expedites the removal process for individuals who have been found to have engaged in misconduct. To be clear, there are many in the Federal workforce, including senior executives, who are hardworking public servants. We thank them for their hard work. However, as we have seen repeatedly in hearings before our committee, there are also bad actors who have grossly abused their position, and the Senior Executive Service Accountability Act is an important step towards holding these bad actors accountable and restoring public trust. The underlying bill also contains the Midnight Rule Relief Act. It establishes a moratorium period between the Presidential election and the inauguration on regulations that result in major costs or price increases for consumers and small businesses. Pushing costly regulations at the last minute has been an issue with previous administrations of both political parties. The Midnight Rule Relief Act will hold the current and future outgoing administrations in check to ensure small businesses in Michigan and across the country aren’t faced with a surprise onslaught of excessive regulations that stifle wages, job creation, and economic growth. I want to, again, commend the work of Mr. PALMER and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for 
their great work to ensure a more accountable and transparent Federal Government. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4361. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member CUMMINGS . Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 4361. Clearly, my colleagues on the other side have good intentions, but they need to be informed and corrected and understanding. I served 30 years as a Federal employee. During that time, I served as an EEO investigator. I looked at actions that were made against Federal employees that were not in compliance. I understand the undue burden that this legislation will put on Federal workers and labor organizations. H.R. 4361 combines proposals attacking Federal employees with regulatory measures, many of which hinder the performance of one of our Nation’s largest workforces. When we considered this legislation in committee, I offered an amendment to strike the provisions in title III of H.R. 3023, and require each employing agency to make an affirmative decision in writing near the end of an employee’s probationary period stating that the individual’s performance is acceptable, which the Office of Personnel Management considers a best practice in managing the performance of employees. Mr. Chairman, instead of debating legislation that would undermine due process provisions, we should be looking at how we can protect our citizens through commonsense gun control legislation and maintain access to affordable health care for all Americans. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ), who has poured his heart and soul into this. I am glad that he is participating and joining us here today. b1645 Mr. WALKER. I thank the chairman, and I thank my distinguished colleague from Alabama for working so diligently on this piece of legislation. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 4921, the Ditto Act. The Ditto Act is not just about ensuring that the Internal Revenue Service properly maintains its records; it is also about holding the government and the powerful to the same standards to which they hold American citizens. This bill states that, if the IRS requires American citizens to maintain their tax records, then the IRS also has to maintain any record for at least 3 years. Currently, the IRS requests or recommends American citizens maintain certain records or tax information for the ‘‘just in case.’’ Essentially, the IRS says that American citizens have to hold on to their information for years at a time in the event that the IRS may request information to audit us, to investigate us, or to take some similar action. However, current investigations and congressional hearings show that the IRS does not hold itself to the same standards, and it does not properly maintain its own records. This unequal enforcement of the law is part of a bigger problem. Continued and recent events, as we have seen recently, point to the fact that government agencies, such as the IRS, attempt to play by different rules than the rest of us. The Ditto Act is another step in ensuring that government bureaucrats are held to the same standards as all Americans. If the IRS insists that we maintain our records, then the IRS should have to play by the same rules and be held similarly accountable for the same information. That is why I have introduced this simple piece of legislation. This bill provides a level playing field. It tells American citizens that their government is operating under the same set of rules that it requires all of us to operate under. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this effort. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4361, which is yet another Republican attack on the Federal workforce and labor organizations. This bill is, essentially, an attempt to micromanage the government. The bill is a collection of measures that undermine due process protections, that prevent the Obama administration from finalizing rules during its last 2 months in office, and that override collective bargaining rights for Federal employees. The bill would bar most regulations from being finalized by, virtually, every Federal department or agency during the last 2 months of the Obama administration, regardless of when they were proposed or how long they have been in the rulemaking process. Additionally, H.R. 4361 exempts from civil service collective bargaining requirements any agency action limiting access to any Web site the agency determines presents a current or a possible future security weakness to its information systems. The bill’s language is unnecessary because current law already authorizes Federal agencies to ‘‘ensure that all personnel are held accountable for complying with the agencywide information security program.’’ In practice, this provision could allow agencies to cut off Federal employees’ ability to communicate with childcare providers or to get information on a weather emergency in the event of their children’s schools closing early, with there being no opportunity to negotiate alternative arrangements. The provision could also be selectively invoked to block access to the official Web sites of Federal unions. Under current law, there is no right to bargain over the substance of agency information systems decisions, only over appropriate arrangements in the event that those decisions create an adverse impact on employees. In addition, agencies can take any action without bargaining in advance if there is an emergency. Agencies currently have broad authority in this area, making any additional limitation on employees’ ability to have a voice in their working environments unnecessary. Further burdening Federal workers, H.R. 4361 would extend the probationary period for newly hired General Schedule employees from 1 year to 2 years. For positions requiring formal training, the 2year time period would only commence after the required formal training. This is unnecessary as the current 1year probationary period allows sufficient time for agency management to assess and determine whether an employee is suitable for most positions and is capable of performing his duties. In the Statement of Administration Policy, the President’s senior advisers stated that they would recommend he veto this bill. As I said before, this bill is, essentially, an attempt to micromanage the government, which is not this body’s purpose, and we should get on with the business of what Congress is supposed to do. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to speak on this important legislation. Mr. Chair, our Federal Government relies on the contributions of civil servants to run Federal agencies and to faithfully execute our laws. We place significant responsibility into the hands of these executive branch employees. Others still are placed in senior management roles where the impacts of their performance and competency are felt throughout the agencies and by those citizens who interact with them. We expect Federal employees to run the government efficiently and fairly; so we should treat them the same way. That is what this bill does. When a typical employee is hired for the civil service, he begins in a probationary period, during which time the employee can be relieved of his duties if he fails to perform well. After the probationary period, the employee receives greater protection from being fired, even if he is underperforming. This bill extends the probationary period of employees in both the competitive civil service and the Senior Executive Service from 1 year to 2 years. If the employee requires training or licensing, the probationary period begins when training and licensing are complete. This extended probationary period gives us time to assess the skills of government employees. If an employee 
isn’t up to the task he or she has been assigned, it is unfair to everyone else who is working hard or competently in that agency to retain the underperforming individual. Moreover, the morale of Federal agencies depends on their having strong teams with strong employees. Anyone who has run an office knows that one bad apple can drag the whole team down. That is why this bill is so important. We need strong teams working in the Federal Government, and our current Federal employees deserve competent team members. Only then will our bureaucracy be more efficient and better able to serve the American taxpayer, because, ultimately, taxpayers pay the salaries of our Federal employees. For the sake of the taxpayer, we must create a culture of accountability and fairness in our Federal hiring practices. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I commend my colleague from Alabama for introducing this legislation, which contains a number of bills from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. Chair, H.R. 4361 contains several excellent provisions to increase transparency, to enhance oversight, and to restore good governance. One of the areas of particular importance to me is the language that requires the Office of Personnel Management to submit to Congress reports on the use of ‘‘official time’’ by Federal employees. For those who are unfamiliar with official time, it is the practice by which Federal employees are paid by taxpayers to conduct union business, while on the clock, instead of performing the normal activities and duties of the agencies for which they work. Official time allows Federal employees who are with the unions to collectively bargain with their agencies, to arbitrate grievances, and to even organize or carry out internal union activities, all while being paid by the taxpayer. It is staggering to me how much official time is used. Over 3 million man hours each year are spent on activities that have nothing to do with government business. From 1998 to 2012, which is the last period of time that we have of reliable data, the use of official time has grown by over a million manhours per year while the number of Federal employees who are represented by unions has actually decreased during that period of time. In fact, there are several Federal agencies that have many employees who do nothing but union activity business in spite of the fact that they were hired for something else. For example, the VA and the IRS have over 200 employees each who operate exclusively on official time. Many of these employees are extremely well paid. The Department of Transportation, for example, has 35 employees with an average salary of $138,000 who give 100 percent of their time to union activity rather than to that for which they were hired. For a point of reference, Mr. Chair, the mean household income in my district is, approximately, $62,000 a year. Official time, essentially, means that American taxpayers are being forced to subsidize the union activities of Federal employees. Federal employee union members pay union dues, and the taxpayers should not be required to foot the bill. There is an unfortunate lack of reporting on this issue, and it is, ultimately, unclear exactly how much official time is being used by Federal employees. Here in Congress, we are sometimes forced to rely upon yearold GAO reports and existing FOIA requests. That is why the OPM reporting that is required under this legislation is critical. Personally, I am opposed to official time altogether, but at least we can agree that reporting is necessary for all of us. I urge the support of H.R. 4361. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS). Mr. ROSS. I thank my colleague from Alabama for this legislation and for this opportunity. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 4361, the Government Reform and Improvement Act of 2016, and in support of my legislation that is included in this package, which requires the Office of Personnel Management to submit an annual report to Congress that details the use of official time by Federal employees. ‘‘Official time’’ is defined as any period of time that is used by a Federal employee to perform representational or consultative functions and during which the employee would otherwise be in a duty status. Essentially, this allows Federal employees to perform union activities during their official workdays. As the former chair of the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on the Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and Labor Policy, I learned firsthand that OPM has very little accountability for the use of official time. In fact, the OPM last reported about the use of official time in the year 2012, which was 4 years ago. My bill would require the OPM to submit a detailed report annually to Congress on the use of official time by Federal employees, outlining specific types of activities or purposes for which this time was granted. For example, in 2012, Federal employees spent, roughly, 3.4 million hours conducting union business while on duty. This came at a cost of $157 million to the taxpayer. The taxpayers have a vested right to know. At a time when our country is more than $19 trillion in debt, we need to ensure that we are better accounting for the use of taxpayer dollars. This legislation will bring greater transparency to the activities union officials are conducting while being paid by the American taxpayer. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and my colleague from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) for their support on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the chairman so very much. To the manager of the bill on the floor, my good friend who is representing the majority, I think not one of us can cite an example in which a Federal employee is not engaged in serving this Nation. Mr. Chair, over the last couple of months, our focus has been on the Transportation Security Officers. As I traveled back to Washington and as I interacted with my constituents, many were concerned about airport travel and the enhancement of security. I saw TSO officers—government workers—on the front lines. We see them all the time as they serve this Nation—from homeland security to, certainly, those who are working in the health areas now as we face the epidemic of Zika. In many places, Federal employees stand in the gap by serving us. We look forward to bright young people who are graduating from college and who are seeking service in the Federal army, if you will, of civilian workers who serve their Nation. I can only say that this legislation, H.R. 4361, disappoints me, because, first of all, title III would double the probationary period for Federal employees, unlike in the private sector, from 1 to 2 years. Federal employees would be at will. They wouldn’t have benefits, and they wouldn’t be protected. That is not, certainly, an enticing recruitment for young, bright college graduates. Another form of the lack of due process is in title IV, which would allow senior agency executives to be removed, almost immediately, with their having only minimal appeal rights. Executives would have only 7 days to file appeals. b1700 Mr. Chairman, what are we saying to those who we call upon for the front lines of serving in America—our EPA employees, our Forest Rangers, they are all over—we are saying that that kind of experience is to be discarded. It sadly disturbs me. Lastly, I have never heard of this. I sit on the Judiciary Committee, and I wonder how title VI would reduce, in the end of a President’s term, his or her right to be able to argue for regulations that would enhance the American people. 
Let me say to you that we are facing another uphill battle because right now we are trying to pass no fly, no buy and to close the loophole to save lives. It is interesting how we are dealing with a bill that takes away due process rights, but yet we cannot find a compromise, whose opposition is based upon we are denying an individual due process. Well, I tell you I am looking forward to us being able to vote on the gun legislation of no fly, no buy. I know it very well because I had a no fly for foreign terrorists. We work on these issues in Homeland Security. So if I look at an employment bill that is taking away due process rights, I am asking for us to come back, give them their rights by not supporting this legislation and, as well, giving our rights to the minority to vote on legitimate bills that will save lives; no fly, no buy, and closing the gun show loophole. I have seen the blood, the death that has come about from gun violence. It is time to vote to save lives. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished lady from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, it is a mystery to me why we would want to move forward with this bill. I will have amendments to strike portions of this bill later. I just want to speak to a couple of the reasons. The extension of the probationary period, for example, may not raise constitutional issues. A GAO report was done and indicated that the problem was not with length of the probationary period, but with the use of the probationary period; that supervisors simply weren’t using it, and that many of them didn’t even know when the probationary period ends. So why would we want to lengthen the probationary period? I am not sure who that helps. Does it help the employee or does it help the agency? In any case, depending, as I do, on an objective source, this section is unnecessary. To cite another section, the termination of an employee in the SES is an absolutely bad way to deal with somebody who is not making it as a manager, but was good enough to be promoted to the SES. We have invested millions of dollars in an employee by the time that employee gets to be a top SES employee and gets promoted to manager. It won’t be the first time that somebody has been an excellent employee, but when he got to managing whole divisions, he was not good. Why get rid of that employee instead of demoting that employee, as is now done? Finally, this bill is replete with due process problems. For example, it expedites the removal and appeals process and takes it away entirely in some instances. This bill reeks of constitutional infirmities. It should not be passed. You will find Members on our side who want to sit down and improve the process and are ready to do so. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to make the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) aware that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I cannot emphasize strongly enough how unnecessary, damaging, and constitutionally defective this legislation is. You know, as Ms. JACKSON LEEwas speaking, Mr. Chairman, I could not help but think about a young lady that I met at NIH a few years ago when the government was shut down. I was talking to her, and I was asking her about her job. And one of the things she said was that she was very, very upset. And I said: ‘‘Well, are you upset that you are going to possibly lose money? Or are you upset that you are going to have problems?’’ She said: ‘‘No, I am not so upset about losing my job because I can always find a job.’’ She said: ‘‘The thing I am upset about is that if the government shuts down, that means that there are all kinds of research that is going to be stopped and we won’t be able to see the breakthroughs that I thought we would be able to see.’’ My point is that there are so many Federal employees, just like the ones who work for us, who come to work every day and they have dedicated their lives to giving to the public. In other words, it is about the business of feeding their souls. So often what happens, I have noticed, is we have a way of not treating them right all the time. And I have been a fierce defender of the public employee and the Federal employee because I realize that they are the backbone of this Nation. Yet, when we look at the negative consequences of this legislation, they are truly terrible. The bill would reduce due process protections for new Federal employees and senior executives, enable whistleblower retaliation. And whistleblower retaliation is something that our committee has fought and tried to make clear that we would not tolerate under any circumstances, and I am pleased to say that that has always been something that both sides of the aisle has been adamant about, and we should be. This legislation would bar the President from issuing rules to protect health and safety during his last months in office. Whether it was President Obama or any other President, I want our President to serve out every second of his term and I want him or her to be able to accomplish the things that the American people elected them to do right down to the very last second. Another thing that it does, it erodes collective bargaining rights. It requires duplicative and burdensome reporting by the Office of Personnel Management and agencies. It imposes unnecessary guidelines regarding computer usage. And it requires the IRS to establish an arbitrary recordkeeping system. I would like to remind our colleagues that the Federal circuit court of appeals is reviewing the constitutionality of nearly identical provisions in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act enacted in 2014. And the Department of Justice has decided not to defend the constitutionality of some of these provisions before the Federal circuit court. Before I conclude, I want to underscore my disapproval of this bill’s unjustified interference with President Obama’s authority to issue regulations that are critical to ensuring the safety of the American people. I would like to quote from a March 1, 2016, letter sent to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee in opposition to title 6, and it says: ‘‘Taking the claims of ‘midnight regulation’ critics at face value, there is simply no principled basis for allowing deregulatory measures to be rushed through the process without ‘adequate vetting’ while at the same time preventing agencies finalizing and implementing public protections by falsely claiming that they did not receive adequate consideration. This Administration ends on January 20, 2017. It is incumbent upon them to do their constitutional duty to implement the laws of the Congress until that date.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. First of all, I thank my colleagues who have spoken in support of this legislation and say that this is sensible and responsible legislation to increase Federal agencies’ ability to protect their data systems and, thus, increase the protections offered every Federal employee. This bill also increases accountability for Federal employees, and it requires the IRS to adhere to the same recordkeeping requirements that it imposes on every taxpayer. Finally, Mr. Chairman, this bill would end the practice of subjecting Americans to a barrage of regulations imposed by an outgoing administration that can no longer be held accountable. I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–59. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 4361 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
EXPEDITED REMOVAL  ‘‘7551. Definitions. ‘‘7552. Actions covered. ‘‘7553. Cause and procedure. ‘‘7554. Expedited review of appeal.’’. 
Any person or entity subject to the any midnight rule promulgated in violation of this title is entitled to judicial review. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the House Report 114–666. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–666. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 25, line 4, strike ‘‘sections 603 and 604’’ and insert ‘‘sections 602 and 603’’. Page 25, line 22, strike ‘‘Section 602’’ and insert ‘‘Section 601’’. Page 26, line 9, strike ‘‘Section 602’’ and insert ‘‘Section 601’’. Page 26, line 19, strike ‘‘Section 602’’ and insert ‘‘Section 601’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 803, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes technical changes to the bill to reflect the text of H.R. 4612, the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016, as it was reported out of committee. Mr. Chairman, my manager’s amendment simply makes a few technical and conforming changes to this important legislation. The amendment corrects a technical error in the language of title VI, and it also fixes references to several other sections within the bill, to reflect the obvious intent of the bill text. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, we have reviewed the Palmer amendment and find that it only makes technical changes to the bill, so I will not oppose it. However, it does nothing to improve the bill, which I will continue to oppose. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–666. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 803, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 2 in House Report 114–666 be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment offered by Mr. POSEY : 
Page 1, line 3, strike ‘‘(other than the head of the agency)’’. Page 1, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘within the agency’’. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of a genuine opportunity for us to learn from the failures of former executive officials. This amendment will codify a practice of security, accountability, and good government, which is already a policy at many of our Federal agencies today. Quite simply, it will prohibit Federal employees from using private, unsecure email servers to conduct official government business in the future. This would ensure that the time and taxpayer money invested in the security of sensitive information will not be undermined by carelessness or misunderstandings. By passing this amendment, we will significantly improve the security of our government IT. It only takes one individual, one click of the mouse, on an insecure or unsecure system, to open the door to bad actors who seek to harm our Nation. By restricting the use of unsecure IT systems, we will empower Federal employees to hold each other accountable and take special care to conduct official business responsibly. I urge support of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment but do not oppose it, as modified by Representative POSEY . The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, it is not clear what this amendment does or what it is intended to do. I agree that there should be accountability for IT security, but we have had no hearings or other discussion on this issue. The Federal Information Security Management Act already ensures that senior agency personnel take responsibility for ensuring the agency systems are secure. Unfortunately, the amendment does nothing to address the larger underlying problem with the bill, which would simply trample on Federal employees’ due process protections and block the President from issuing critical regulatory protections at the end of his term. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, it is vital that the former Secretary of State’s use of an unsecure email server does not send a message to other Federal employees that this is acceptable, that this manner of handling sensitive information and conducting government business is appropriate. We cannot let another top executive completely trample the trust of the American people and potentially endanger American lives by mishandling sensitive intelligence. This amendment is really simple. It is a responsible step towards protecting 
Federal IT systems and ensuring Americans of the transparency and security that they want and that they deserve. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–666. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. The Chair understands that amendment No. 4 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–666. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 803, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to offer an amendment that would exempt from the bill’s moratorium any rule that an agency has included in its regulatory plan for at least a year. Some proponents have said that the moratorium on rulemaking is intended to address rules that have been rushed through the process. My amendment would address that concern by keeping in place the proposed moratorium on the rules that have truly been rushed. However, it would allow rules that have been under consideration for at least a year to move forward. During the time between election day and Inauguration Day, the executive branch cannot take a break from fulfilling its constitutional and statutory responsibilities. Just as this Congress will meet to pass legislation in November and December of this year, the executive branch must be allowed to continue doing its job of implementing crucial regulations to protect the environment and our constituents’ health and safety. For example, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has been working to implement crucial pipeline safety regulations since 2011, with extensive input from numerous groups. Just last month, this Congress passed the PIPES Act, which included provisions reflecting our bipartisan concern that these pipeline safety rules need to be implemented soon to protect our constituents from the dangers of pipeline leaks. Without my amendment, certain pipeline safety rules could have to be delayed until a new administration, even though these rules have been under consideration for years, leaving the public safety at risk. In order to ensure important rules like these can be finalized, I urge my colleagues to adopt my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, the amendment fundamentally misunderstands the purpose of this bill. It creates a loophole in the moratorium period for midnight regulations. The bill establishes a regulation moratorium period between election day and the start of a new President’s term to allow a new administration to start with a clean slate. This amendment would undermine that principle by allowing outgoing Presidents to simply put a marker down a year before the end of the term to circumvent the moratorium entirely. Further, pushing regulations out the door at the last minute reduces the effectiveness of regulatory review at the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs regardless of whether the public is aware that an agency is working on the regulation. The unified regulatory agenda, while very important for notice and transparency, does not provide details on the regulation or the expected impact on the economy and small businesses. Simply notifying the public that an agency is considering regulating in a particular area is insufficient to ensure that regulatory analysis at the agency and at OIRA has been thoroughly evaluated. Agencies can simply wait until the start of the next President’s term to issue regulations, giving everyone more time to make sure they have gotten it right. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote against it. I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ). Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment offered by one of the freshman stars of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Representative BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN. This amendment would exempt from the bill rulemakings that agencies have included in their regulatory plans for a year or more. Agencies are required to submit to OMB twice a year a plan for rulemakings they plan to pursue. OMB publishes those plans twice a year as part of what is called the Unified Agenda. This amendment would still block any rule an agency tries to rush through the process. This amendment would not, however, block rules that have been through the proper procedures just because they happen to be finalized during the last months of the administration. This amendment allows the focus to be on true socalled midnight regulations. If those rules are truly the target of this bill, then the House should adopt this amendment. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has 2 minutes remaining. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, it is unfortunate that, yet again, some in this Congress refuse to accept that a President’s term is a full 4 years long. Passing this legislation would unnecessarily impose new restrictions on the ability of Presidents to finish the work of their administration. Adopting my amendment would help ensure that wellvetted, necessary regulations to protect health and safety are not blocked, while not undermining the stated purpose of this bill. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to adopt it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey will be postponed. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. LUMMIS ) having assumed the chair, Mr. HULTGREN , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5485, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 794 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5485. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1735 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mrs. LUMMIS in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. CRENSHAW. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I am pleased to present to the House the fiscal year 2017 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill. As you know, this bill funds a diverse group of agencies and activities, including financial regulators, tax collection, the White House, the Federal courts, the District of Columbia, the General Services Administration, and the Small Business Administration. This bill is the product of eight hearings that we have had and the result of nearly 2,000 requests by Members from both sides of the aisle. The bill provides $21.7 billion for fiscal year 2017. That is $1.5 billion less than last year, or a 6
nevertheless, he has been a great partner to work with. I am not sure that everything in this bill is to his liking, but I can tell you that his input has made this a better bill. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 861 here EH06JY16.001smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund Program Account .... ,, .... 
Total, tine I, Department of the Treasury. 11,941,653 13,145,558 11,695,724 ·245,929 1,449,834 Appropriations. (12,641 ,653) (13,802,558) (12,449,334) (192,319) {1 ,353.224) 
Rescissions .. (700.000) (·657,000) (753,610) (53,610) (96,610) (Mandatory). (2,000) (2,000) (2,000) 
(Discretionary) ...... (11 ,939,653) (13, 143,558) (11,693,724) (·245,929) (1 ,449,834) 
Insert offset folio 861/1 here EH06JY16.002smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS 
Total, Supreme Court of the United States .. FY 2016 
Insert offset folio 861/2 here EH06JY16.003smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) 
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit 
Insert offset folio 861/3 here EH06JY16.004smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts .... 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Water and 
Council , ... ' . ' . . ' . . ' 
Total, Title IV, District of Columbia ... FY 2016 
Insert offset folio 861/4 here EH06JY16.005smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
2,336,100 +62' 100 .. .. ..  ~ ~ ..  ~ 
Insert offset folio 861/5 here EH06JY16.006smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 {H.R. 5485) 
Enacted Request Bi 11 Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
~~ ~~ ~~ .. ..  .. Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation ..... . Merit 
Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Morris K Udall and 
141.611 +17,061 ·3,042   M  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~.. 286,478 +41,240 ·3,042 
Insert offset folio 861/6 here EH06JY16.007smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) 
Insert offset folio 861/7 here EH06JY16.008smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
Indeed, by my count, there were 34 separate Republican amendments filed to the Rules Committee that would undermine, undercut, or underfund our financial regulators. These amendments span the gamut of special interest giveaways—from undoing critical consumer protections to exposing investors to financial predation, to undermining financial stability. First, and perhaps most importantly, both the base bill and many of the amendments we are considering today stab at the heart of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the sole regulator tasked with protecting students, servicemembers, seniors, and other borrowers in the consumer lending marketplace. To name just a few of the provisions that would harm the CFPB, this bill would: end the Bureau’s independent funding; bog the CFPB down in gridlock by replacing its efficient Director structure with a partisan, bureaucratic commission; halt the Bureau’s efforts to end forced arbitration clauses in credit card contracts and give consumers their day in court; rescind the CFPB’s guidance that helps to prevent racial and ethnic discrimination in automobile lending markets; defund the Bureau’s efforts to stop predatory lending to borrowers looking to purchase a manufactured home; and make it harder for the CFPB to bring enforcement actions against bad actors. What is more, the bill would halt the CFPB’s efforts to stop the debt trap created by predatory payday lending. As a report released just last month by my office revealed, these lenders are adept at skirting State laws. That is why we need strong Federal rules of the road. Unfortunately, this bill would ensure that payday lenders can continue to rip off our constituents and push them deeper into the cycle of debt. Democrats will offer amendments today to remove these harmful provisions in the bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support our efforts. This bill also would cut funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission—that is, the SEC—which oversees our growing, complex capital markets and needs sufficient resources to police them effectively. Republicans have shown us time and time again that they don’t want the SEC to be able to do its job. That is why they are proposing nearly 15 percent less than the SEC has said it needs to properly oversee the 26,000 market participants under its purview. It is also 3 percent less than the agency received last year, which already was a shoestring budget for a regulator tasked with implementing and enforcing significant aspects of DoddFrank, the JOBS Act, and other important legislation. To make matters worse, the bill, along with Republican amendments, would limit critical information for investors in companies by rescinding current or future disclosure requirements on CEO pay, climate change, conflict minerals, and political spending by big corporations, as well as limiting shareholders’ ability to elect directors to corporate boards. Finally, the bill also undercuts the Financial Stability Oversight Council—that is, FSOC—which keeps our financial system safe by looking out for systemic risk throughout the system and closing the gaps in our oncefractured regulatory framework. Standing with other Democrats, I will offer amendments to strike some of the most harmful provisions of this bill. But make no mistake, even if these amendments were adopted, Democrats cannot support this legislation, which so gravely underfunds and undermines Wall Street reform that it is fair to say it would expose us to another financial crisis. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this very harmful legislation. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), one of the valued members of our subcommittee. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill. As a member of the subcommittee, I am proud of the product that Chairman CRENSHAW and each of the subcommittee members have produced this year. This bill provides critical resources that truly respect taxpayers. In fact, this legislation is $1.5 billion below last year’s spending level, and it is 2.7—almost $3 billion below what the President requested. In this year’s bill, we focused on peeling away excessive government regulations which have made it harder for all hardworking Americans to access the financial markets and the regulations that have depressed economic growth that we have all seen and experienced in our districts. Our bill brings the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under the appropriations process, ensuring that the money it spends has proper oversight and is accountable to all the people’s representatives. We also eliminate a slush fund at the Securities and Exchange Commission which was created by DoddFrank. Additionally, this bill includes provisions that ensure the failure of any financial institution is dealt with through the timetested process of bankruptcy and not through a bailout process. We included language that limits the disastrous too big to fail concept from expanding beyond the banking sector to nonbank institutions. These changes help curb some of the worst parts of the administration’s financial overreach over the past few years. In the bill, we also focus on improving accountability at the government agencies, in particular, the IRS. Our commonsense reforms include prohibiting the IRS from rehiring fired employees, banning all their bonuses, outlawing their ability to target groups based on political or religious beliefs, and cutting the agency by another $236 million. This in itself should be plenty of reason for all Members to support this bill and get excited about it. Now, while we have slashed the IRS by more than $1 billion and cracked down on its leadership over the last 5 years, we must continue keeping it on a short leash. Finally, this bill supports our Nation’s small businesses by prioritizing funding for the Small Business Administration. Mr. Chairman, I ask all Members to support this good bill put together by Chairman CRENSHAW . Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), one of our great progressive voices who is a member of both the Appropriations and the Budget Committees. Sometimes they don’t get along, but that is her issue. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member for his stellar leadership as our ranking member on this subcommittee and for his kind remarks. Also, I want to thank our chairman, Mr. CRENSHAW , for working with our side of the aisle despite our differences. Mr. Chairman, I rise, though, in strong opposition to the fiscal 2017 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill. This is yet another spending bill filled with ideologically driven riders from House Republicans. Sadly, the bad provisions in this bill greatly outweigh the few good provisions, like increased funding for community development financial institutions and the Small Business Administration’s Women’s Business Centers. Both have good provisions. Unfortunately, however, once again, my colleagues across the aisle have chosen to score political points instead of doing the serious work of governing. Just to name a few, this bill includes numerous—numerous—dangerous and offensive riders, one to undermine the rule of law in the District of Columbia and deny lowincome D.C. women their basic right to safe and affordable comprehensive healthcare choices, including abortion. Now, the women of the District of Columbia should be allowed to make their own reproductive health choices, whatever health choices they deem they need, want, and desire. Republican Members of Congress should not be interfering in the District of Columbia women’s health decisions. That is offensive, it is wrong, and they need to stop that. b1815 Another rider prevents the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from protecting the hardearned paychecks of American families. Another rider undermines our efforts to normalize relations with Cuba after a 50year failed policy by the United States of America. This bill also blocks the Federal 
Mr. Chairman, if this rule 30e–3 is implemented in its current form, I believe and fear that millions of our fellow Americans will be left out in an information desert. Americans need to know how much money they have saved, whether it be for a new home or for college or for their retirement. Congress should encourage savings and market confidence among our families. At a time, Mr. Chairman, where 50 percent of the mutual fund assets are owned by our seniors, this rule in its current form does just the opposite. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CRENSHAW. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, over 90 percent of the comments submitted to the SEC on this issue conclude that investors do, in fact, want to retain their paper financial reports. Mr. Chairman, I ask Chairman CRENSHAW today, please, for his support to ensure that a final rule on this issue from the SEC is fair to all investors, especially our small senior investors living in rural areas. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman for bringing this issue forward and thank him for the hard work that he has spent trying to let everyone know how important this is. As he pointed out, the proposed rule before the SEC would allow mutual funds and firms to post shareholder reports and quarterly portfolio holdings on their Web sites instead of having to print them and mail them. I understand his concerns of this adequate access to the Internet, especially, as he points out, to the elderly or folks living in rural areas. I think the SEC rule should strike the right balance. As he knows, this rule is currently under review by the Commission. I think an amendment might have been premature, but I know this is important to him. I thank him again for bringing it forward. I am very happy to work with him and to work with the SEC to make sure this is a balanced rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We heard some comments on the House floor before about what people are offended at that my side speaks about, and the word ‘‘oversight’’ was used. I want to make it clear that I am the biggest supporter of oversight, but oversight does not mean destroying agencies, oversight does not mean cutting budgets down to a bare bone where they can’t function, oversight does not mean going after the IRS simply because it is in some rule book that you always go after the IRS, oversight is not telling women what to do, and oversight is not telling the District of Columbia that it can’t have any kind of selfgovernment because, given a choice, we would not allow the District of Columbia to do anything, including what is allowed to be done by the Constitution. I just want to clarify that point. I believe—we believe—in oversight. But when you start oversight with the feeling that a zero budget would be the best way to go, when you start with a feeling of disrespect for the leader of our country, our President, when you start with a feeling that you got elected to Congress to oppose everything that happens in Congress and that only you can clean up and fix Congress, as if it needed fixing, sometimes I may be the only one who says it, but there is gridlock and there is democracy. Sometimes people don’t agree, and when they don’t agree, that is healthy. Now, if they don’t agree all the time, just for foolish reasons, then it is gridlock. But when we don’t agree because we don’t agree on philosophy, that is democracy at its best. In other places, the budget is always on time, but there is only one person making the decision. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to thank Chairman CRENSHAW for yielding and engaging in this colloquy and for all his hard work on the Appropriations Committee, and specifically on Financial Services, as he navigates this last, final bill through the House floor. We are all grateful for his hard work. b1830 Mr. Chair, the amendment I was planning on offering tonight is related to my concerns with the potential market abuse surrounding the shorting of the stocks of small pharmaceutical companies. I am concerned about a new tactic by some market participants. There has been recent reporting in The Wall Street Journal and in the Financial Times that reveals a deceptive and manipulative practice by some hedge funds to challenge the legitimacy of a drug patent while simultaneously shorting the drug manufacturer’s stock. These particular hedge funds game the system. What they do is short the stock. Then they publicize numerous patent challenges and provoke fear in the marketplace, drive down prices, and make a lot of money. I think this warrants further examination by the SEC’s Division of Enforcement for potential violations of security law. I also believe the SEC should consider enhancing the disclosure regime for short positions. Increased transparency, Mr. Chair, could help combat these types of attacks. This is not just an issue of investigating the legality of the practice; it is also about the impact this practice has on the market and, more importantly, on the millions of Americans who need these treatments. This affects Members of Congress, their staffs, their families, and people back home in their districts. We are talking about lifesaving drugs. The pharmaceutical industry, due to its unique relationship with its Federal regulator and the extraordinary time and upfront investment it takes to bring a drug to market, is particularly vulnerable to this kind of attack. Biotech companies rely heavily on their patents. An attack that is designed to undercut a company’s patents and drive down its stock will, ultimately, discourage longterm investment in innovation and slow drug development. Worse, it could derail the development of the next lifesaving cure for the people whom Members know in their families or in their districts. I appreciate Chairman CRENSHAW ’s engaging in this colloquy. Hopefully, the gentleman will give great consideration to this issue. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for bringing this issue up, and I thank him for his work in other areas of the financial services industry. I know he is one of the hardworking Members who cares about what happens and about making sure that we keep our financial system orderly and fair. I know a critical part of the SEC’s mission is to make sure that our markets are fair and to make sure that they are orderly. I am happy to commit to working with the gentleman and to working with the SEC on this very important issue. Again, I thank the gentleman for bringing it to our attention. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). Mr. STIVERS. I thank Chairman CRENSHAW for his great work on this bill. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the underlying bill, which provides $21.7 billion in funding and targets resources to programs across multiple agencies that will boost economic growth and opportunity. It will protect consumers, protect investors, promote an efficient Federal court system, and stop financial crime. My colleagues will be pleased to know that the bill includes language that prohibits the IRS from targeting specific individuals who are exercising their First Amendment right. I support that language as well. The legislation also includes provisions that increase the oversight of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB. It puts the agency in the normal, annual appropriations process, like we are doing here today; and it replaces the single Director at the head of the agency with a fiveperson commission that is similar to those of other agencies that are charged with regulating our financial markets. I also want to take a moment to speak in support of bipartisan language in the bill that would pause the CFPB’s proposed rule on shortterm lending. The Independent Community Bankers of America and the Credit Union National Association recently wrote the CFPB to voice their strong opposition to this rule. They fear that this 
rule will force them out of the short term credit market and stop them from serving millions of consumers across our country. In fact, the CFPB’s own analysis says that 84 percent of current loan volumes will disappear as a result of this rule. The CFPB claims that community banks will make up for this shortfall, but the community banks, themselves, refute this. That is why, I think, we must keep the bipartisan language in the bill that pauses this shortterm rule that could force millions of Americans to have nowhere to turn for their financial needs. Mr. Chair, the CFPB’s proposed rule would put lenders out of business and leave these constituents with nowhere to turn. Millions of hardworking Americans would not be able to deal with unexpected emergencies. That is why I urge Members to support the underlying bill. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered read through page 265, line 9. The text of the bill through page 265, line 9, is as follows: 
H.R. 5485 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until September 30, 2018, shall be for audits and investigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustainability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 343), $41,160,000. FINANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of nonFederal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $116,000,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. TREASURY FORFEITURE FUND 
(RESCISSION)  Of the unobligated balances available under this heading, $753,610,000 are rescinded. BUREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $353,057,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, is for information systems modernization initiatives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for financial management of the Fund, as authorized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE  BUREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out section 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $111,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation expenses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative research and development programs for laboratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accelerating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of programs to enforce trade practice violations of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). UNITED STATES MINT 
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayer services, including prefiling assistance and education, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,156,554,000, of which not less than $6,500,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for lowincome taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2018, shall be available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance, and of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for operating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for identity theft casework. 
BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service’s business systems modernization program, $290,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs associated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for CADE 2 and Modernized eFile information technology investments, including the purposes and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, $12,723,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Economic Advisers in carrying out its functions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,200,000. NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  SECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,896,000. OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Administration, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $96,116,000, of which not to exceed $12,760,000 shall remain available until expended for continued modernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ADMINISTRATIVE  SUPPORT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the Office of Administration to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 and similar expenses, in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated by law, $7,582,000: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to other accounts that provide 
funding for offices within the Executive Office of the President and the Office of the Vice President in this Act or any other Act, to carry out such purposes. OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy; for research activities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $19,274,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, without fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $253,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the designated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Federal agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds obligated prior to fiscal year 2015 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming requirements: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2016, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2016 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justification for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy performance measures of effectiveness: Provided further, That the Director shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2017 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, and shall notify the Committees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consultation with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities authorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $111,871,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $97,000,000 for the DrugFree Communities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for antidoping activities; $2,121,000 for the United States membership dues to the World AntiDoping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by section 1105 of Public Law 109–469: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  REFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Federal Government, $25,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. SPECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the President in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,228,000. OFFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, excluding care of the building and grounds, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $76,668,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and associate justices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Architect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $14,868,000, to remain available until expended. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  FEDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $30,108,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  TRADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $18,462,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. COURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND OTHER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise specifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,010,000,000 (including the purchase of firearms and ammunition); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $6,260,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, incident to the provision of protective guard services for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of security systems and equipment for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingress egress control, inspection of mail and packages, directed security patrols, perimeter security, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $565,388,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney General. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED  STATES COURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Judicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $28,200,000; of which $1,800,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2018, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,000,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be administered by the Mayor, for District of Columbia resident tuition support, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest accrued thereon, may be used on behalf of eligible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference between inState and outofState tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s academic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further, That the District of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropriations, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the purposes of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expenditures made and the purpose therefor. 
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary expenses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $40,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protective duties under the direction of the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to immediate and specific terrorist threats or attacks in the District of Columbia or surrounding jurisdictions. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $274,541,000 to be allocated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,303,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $124,800,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $74,783,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; and $60,655,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for capital improvements for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds made available for capital improvements shall be expended consistent with the District of Columbia Courts master plan study and facilities condition assessment: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That 30 days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the District of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $6,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and entities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the District of Columbia Courts. 
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in proceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to provide guardian ad litem representation, training, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (relating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Proceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the 
Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $246,386,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representation expenses related to Community Supervision and Pretrial Services Agency programs, of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the implementation of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Interstate Supervision Act of 2002; of which $182,564,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons; and of which $63,822,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for defendants to successfully complete their terms of supervision. 
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $41,359,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain available until September 30, 2018, to the Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $310,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $275,000. 
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia National Guard, $450,000, to remain available until expended for the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR TESTING AND  
TREATMENT OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS  Local funds are appropriated for the District of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘Part ASummary of Expenses’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as included in D.C. Bill 21668, as amended as of the date of the enactment of this Act: Pro vided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for operating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2017 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in D.C. Bill 21668, as amended as of the date of the enactment of this Act, or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appropriated may be increased by proceeds of onetime transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such increases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the District of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2017, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects: Provided further, That the Fiscal Year 2017 Local Budget Act is repealed. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2017’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Conference of the United States, authorized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official reception and representation expenses. BUREAU OFCONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize nonFederal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $121,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall be available for the advisory committees in the report accompanying this Act under the heading ‘‘Consumer Product Safety Commission’’, and of which $1,300,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out the program, including administrative costs, required by section 1405 of the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act (Public Law 110–140; 15 U.S.C. 8004). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $4,900,000. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $35,958,000, to be derived from the Deposit Insurance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $80,540,000, of which $8,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for lease expiration and replacement lease expenses; and of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, $26,631,000, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That public 
members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to nonFederal participants at labor management relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of carrying out these conferences. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
GOVERNMENT WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide policy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal property assets and certain administrative services; Governmentwide policy support responsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activities; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 
3109; $58,000,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide activities associated with utilization and donation of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agencywide policy direction, management, and communications; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $47,966,000, of which $24,569,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal and $23,397,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for official reception and representation expenses. 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for activities associated with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $9,275,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000, of which $2,000,000 is available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of Inspector General effectiveness. 
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $1,932,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically, through the development and implementation of innovative uses of information technology; $55,894,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Federal agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $150,000,000: Provided further, That ap propriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2017 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That any appropriations provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be transferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, direct procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $44,786,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, and in addition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for administrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Systems Protection Board. NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of documents, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records archives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $380,634,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for technical assistance to lowincome designated credit unions. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $16,090,000. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $5,072,000, and in addition, not to exceed $26,662,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other oversight of the Office of Personnel Management’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Management, as determined by the Inspector General: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Special Counsel pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for witnesses, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $25,735,000. POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as authorized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $8,297,000. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of attendance at meetings and of training for uniformed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 
4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of passenger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses; $22,703,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the induction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Advocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,320,000, to remain available until expended. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,300,000: Provided, That trav el expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 
Section 817 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113) is repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such section is restored or revived as if such section had not been enacted into law. 
SCHOOLS .—With respect to any student who is not attending a public elementary school or secondary school, personally identifiable information obtained under this division shall only be disclosed to— 
Except as otherwise provided, the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to school year 2017–2018 and each succeeding school year. TITLE X SEC SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCATE ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2016’’. 
‘‘A transfer made or an obligation incurred by the debtor to an affiliate prior to or after the commencement of the case, including any obligation released by the debtor or the estate to or for the benefit of an affiliate, in 
SUBCHAPTER V —LIQUIDATION , REORGANIZA TION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FI NANCIAL CORPORATION  ‘‘1181. Inapplicability of other sections. ‘‘1182. Definitions for this subchapter. ‘‘1183. Commencement of a case concerning a covered financial corporation. ‘‘1184. Regulators. ‘‘1185. Special transfer of property of the estate. ‘‘1186. Special trustee. ‘‘1187. Temporary and supplemental automatic stay; assumed debt. ‘‘1188. Treatment of qualified financial contracts and affiliate contracts. ‘‘1189. Licenses, permits, and registrations. ‘‘1190. Exemption from securities laws. ‘‘1191. Inapplicability of certain avoiding powers. ‘‘1192. Consideration of financial stability.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Are there any points of order against that portion of the bill? 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I raise a point of order against the following provision of H.R. 5485 for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI: Beginning with ‘‘: Provided further’’ on page 122, line 19, through ‘‘2012’’ on page 122, line 22. This provision proposes to change existing law by imparting direction to the United States Postal Service and, therefore, constitutes legislation on an appropriation bill in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I wish to be heard on the point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, let me clarify what insisting on this point of order means. First, it means that the amendment the Appropriations Committee added to the bill, requiring the Postal Service to maintain highest quality delivery standards, is nullified. This amendment was passed for fiscal year 2017 without objection in our committee, and it was included in last year’s bill and was passed back then as well. So it is not something new. It stands as a strong measure of support for the U.S. Postal Service in both rural and urban America. Those that neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays them from the swift completion of their appointed rounds deserve our respect. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman needs to confine her remarks to the point of order. Ms. KAPTUR. It is our constitutional responsibility in Article I. We should not retard postal operations. Second, the Chaffetz point of order will actually cost our citizenry more money by, in fact, $66 million due to the added transportation costs that result from drastically slowing down the processing and delivery of the Nation’s mail. The timely processing and delivery of mail is critical. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will suspend. The Chair will, again, remind the gentlewoman to confine her remarks to the point of order. Ms. KAPTUR. Third, Mr. Chair, it would not have been unusual or extraordinary for the Rules Committee to have protected from a point of order the mail delivery standards added to this bill when, in fact, they actually included 30 other amendments that are in the bill that affect the SEC, the IRS, the FCC, and the District of Columbia. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will suspend. The Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this provision includes language imparting direction to the United States Postal Service. The provision, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the provision is stricken from the bill. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Committee? The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 220, noes 168, not voting 45, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) 
Beyer Bost Buchanan Castor (FL) Collins (NY) Cooper DeFazio Delaney DeSantis Deutch Doyle, Michael F. Ellmers (NC) Farr Fincher Forbes Gibson Gohmert Hastings Jeffries Jordan Katko Kirkpatrick Labrador Marino Messer Nadler Nugent Pascrell Payne Pearce Perlmutter Pitts Poe (TX) Rogers (KY) Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Sires Smith (NJ) Takai Tiberi Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Woodall Yarmuth b1911 Messrs. FARENTHOLD, RICE of South Carolina, HARRIS, YOUNG of Iowa, and JOYCE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the decision of the Chair stands as the judgment of the Committee. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. UPTON submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 114–669) The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the House do the bill (S. 524), to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the House to the text of the bill and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 314 the following: 
‘‘The Attorney General shall not finally disapprove any application (or any amendment to that application) submitted under this part without first affording the applicant reasonable notice of any deficiencies in the application and an opportunity for correction of any such deficiencies and reconsideration. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by section 110, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Subpart 1 of part B of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by section 202, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by section 302, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.), as added by section 201, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
It is the sense of the Congress that decades of experience and research have demonstrated that a fiscally responsible approach to addressing the opioid abuse epidemic and other substance abuse epidemics requires treating such epidemics as a public health emergency emphasizing prevention, treatment, and recovery. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act’’. 
Notwithstanding section 552a of title 5, United States Code, with respect to each health care provider of the Department of Veterans Affairs who has violated a requirement of the medical license of the health care provider, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide to the medical board of each State in which the health care provider is licensed detailed information with respect to such violation, regardless of whether such board has formally requested such information. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
bill. However, consistent with the Senate bill, this section defines ‘‘qualified veterans’’ for purposes of the DOJ grant program as those who have served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Services and have been discharged under conditions other than dishonorable, unless the reason for the dishonorable discharge was attributable to a substance abuse disorder. Additionally, this section provides a definitional framework for ‘‘peerto peer’’ programs, ‘‘veterans treatment court’’ programs, and ‘‘veterans assistance’’ programs that are eligible under this section. This section is crossreferenced in the ‘‘alternatives to incarceration’’ piece of section 201 of the conference report, and should provide guidance on how grantees are to use grant funds received for veterans courts. Section 503.—Infant plan of safe care Section 503 incorporates text originally passed as part of the House amendment to S. 524 and responds to concerns about the increased number of infants born suffering from opioid withdrawal symptoms and ensures states are in compliance with the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) . No corresponding provision was included in S. 524. This section requires the Department of HHS to review and confirm states have CAPTA policies in place as required under the law, strengthens protections for infants born with substance exposure by clarifying the intent of safe care plans, and requires the HHS Secretary to share best practices for developing plans to keep infants and their caregivers safe and healthy. It also improves accountability related to the care of infants and their families by requiring additional information be shared on incidents of infants exposed and their subsequent care. Additionally, it encourages the use of information made available through other child welfare laws in verifying CAPTA compliance. Finally, section 503 prevents HHS from adding new requirements to state assurances and plans. Section 504—GAO report on Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS) Section 504 requires the Comptroller General of the United States to, one year after enactment, issue a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS), including information on the treatment for infants with NAS under Medicaid. Specifically, the report will examine what is known about the prevalence of NAS in the country; the Medicaidreimbursable services available to treat NAS; the types of, and reimbursement for care settings in which infants with NAS receive care; and any federal policy barriers for treating infants with NAS and what is known about best practices for caring for infants with NAS. Similar language was included in the House amendment. TITLE VI—INCENTIVIZING STATE COMPREHENSIVE INITIATIVES TO ADDRESS PRESCRIPTION OPIOID ABUSE Section 601—State demonstration grants for comprehensive opioid abuse response Section 601 of the conference report supports State efforts to combat opioid abuse by authorizing HHS to award grants to States and combinations of States to carry out a comprehensive opioid abuse response, including education, treatment, and recovery efforts, maintaining prescription drug monitoring programs, and efforts to prevent overdose deaths. S. 524 included this language; there was no corresponding legislation in the House amendment. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS Section 701—Grant accountability and evaluations This section combines language that originated in both the House and Senate on grant oversight. It requires the DOJ Inspector General, at his or her discretion, to conduct audits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds. This section prohibits grantees with unresolved audit findings from receiving grants in the following fiscal year, and prioritizes grantees that do not have unresolved audit findings. If a grantee nevertheless receives funds inappropriately, this section also compels DOJ to reimburse the Department of the Treasury for the amount awarded, and to seek to recoup the funds from the grantee. With respect to nonprofit organizations, this section prohibits nonprofits that hold money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding certain federal taxes from receiving subawards from grant recipients. It also requires nonprofit organizations to disclose, in a grant application, the compensation of its board of directors. Finally, this section limits the use of grant funds for conference expenditures, and prevents the awarding of duplicative grants. This section also contains the provisions applicable to DOJ from Title VI of the House amendment to S. 524, the Opioid Program Evaluation (OPEN) Act, which did not have a Senate companion. It requires the Attorney General to complete an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program based upon the information reported by grantees not later than 5 years after the enactment of the Act. It requires the Attorney General to identify outcomes to be achieved under the Comprehensive Opioid Grant Abuse Program, and the metrics by which the achievement of such outcomes shall be determined, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Act. This section provides that the Attorney General must require grantees and those receiving subawards to collect and annually report data on the activities conducted using their grant funding. It requires that the Attorney General publish the outcomes and metrics to be used to evaluate the program not later than 30 days after identifying such outcomes and metrics, and that the entity conducting the evaluation publish the results and issue a report to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees not later than 90 days after completion of the evaluation. It further requires the data collected from grantees to be published along with the report. Finally, this section requires that the Attorney General enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences—or another nongovernment entity with expertise in conducting and evaluating research pertaining to opioid use and abuse and drawing conclusions about overall opioid use and abuse on the basis of that research—to identify the outcomes to be achieved, the metrics by which performance will be evaluated, and the evaluation of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. Section 701 also authorizes HHS to evaluate grants authorized within the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act and identify outcomes to be achieved by the programs, and metrics by which to measure those outcomes. This section also places restrictions on conference expenditures using funding under a grant program in this Act. Section 702—Partial fill of Schedule II controlled substances Section 702 clarifies that if a doctor or patient requests a prescription for a Schedule II substance (such as an opioid) not be filled in its entirety, in accordance with state law; pharmacists are permitted to dispense only part of the prescription. This change could lead to fewer opioids being dispensed. The House amendment to CARA permitted more flexibility in filling Schedule II prescriptions such as opioids. Section 703—Good Samaritan Assessment This section includes the provisions of Title V of the House amendment to S. 524, the Good Samaritan Assessment Act, which did not have a Senate companion. It directs the GAO to issue a report to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, on the extent to which ONDCP has reviewed Good Samaritan laws and the findings from such a review; efforts by the ONDCP Director to encourage the enactment of Good Samaritan laws; and a compilation of Good Samaritan laws in effect in the States, the territories, and the District of Columbia. Currently, more than half the states and the District of Columbia have some form of Good Samaritan law on the books, to protect citizens who render help to someone in need—or, in the context of opioids, to exempt from criminal or civil liability someone who administers an opioid overdose reversal drug or device, such as naloxone, or who calls 911 to report an overdose. Given the widespread activity in state legislatures on this issue, and the differences between individual state statutes, this section directs GAO to study and report to Congress on the effects of the various Good Samaritan laws at the state level, and efforts by ONDCP to address the issue. Section 704—Programs to prevent prescription drug abuse under Medicare Parts C and D Section 704 would allow prescription drug plans in Medicare, including Medicare Part D plans as well as standalone Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plans, to develop a safe prescribing and dispensing program for beneficiaries that are at risk of abuse or diversion of drugs that are frequently abused or diverted. The provision allows the Secretary of HHS to work with private drug plan sponsors to facilitate the creation and management of ‘‘lockin’’ programs to curb identified fraud, abuse, and misuse of prescribed medications while at the same time ensuring that legitimate beneficiary access to needed medications is not impeded. Such controls would prevent doctor/pharmacy shopping as well as duplicative and inappropriate drug therapies that can lead to prescription drug abuse. The conference report gives the Secretary responsibility to define an atrisk beneficiary using clinical guidelines developed in consultation with stakeholders. Plans would be able to identify enrolled Medicare beneficiaries deemed at high risk of abusing prescription drugs, and to limit such beneficiaries’ choice of prescribers or pharmacies in order to better monitor their use of these medications. For example, restrictions might be placed on beneficiaries suspected of abusing or reselling certain controlled substances, but not placed on beneficiaries with cancer or other conditions for which those drugs are considered appropriate. Plan sponsors, under the conference report, would have to take into consideration where an atrisk beneficiary lives and works, as well as other relevant factors when assigning providers and pharmacies and would also consider the beneficiary’s preferences unless it is deemed the cause of potential abuse. Plan sponsors also will have to comply with a number of beneficiary protections including ensuring access, notifications and disclosure requirements, as well as appeal rights. S. 524 included similar language. 
Sections 705–707—Exempting abusedeterrent formulations of prescription drugs from the Medicaid additional rebate requirement for new formulations of prescription drugs; limiting disclosure of predictive modeling and other analytics technologies to identify and prevent fraud, waste, and abuse; and Medicaid improvement fund Sections 705–707 would exempt abuse deterrent formulations of opioid drugs (ADFs) from the definition of ‘‘line extension’’ for the purpose of calculating Medicaid rebates. In its Opioids Action Plan, FDA said its goal is to ‘‘expand access to abuse deterrent formulations to discourage abuse.’’ And in its ADF guidance to manufacturers, the agency has said it ‘‘considers the development of these products a high public health priority.’’ This policy was also included in the President’s FY 2017 Budget, which noted that this statutory change would ‘‘incentivize continued development of abuse deterrent formulations.’’ The budgetary impact of the ADF policy is being offset by a policy from the President’s budget that prevents the public disclosure of program integrity algorithms used to identify and predict waste, fraud, and abuse in Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and places the remaining savings in a Medicaid Improvement Fund. The mathematical algorithms and predictive technologies the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) uses in Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP are vital to uncovering fraud, waste, and abuse. However, if various aspects of these algorithms were to become publicly known, fraudsters could utilize the information to redirect their schemes to other areas of the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs or adjust their schemes to avoid detection. This policy would simply prevent the disclosure of these antifraud tools through FOIArelated laws while still allowing CMS and state Medicaid and CHIP programs to freely share algorithms and other predictive analytical tools. The conference provision is the same as the provision included in the House amendment. Section 708—Sense of Congress regarding treatment of substance abuse epidemics This section includes a Sense of Congress that decades of experience and research have demonstrated that a fiscally responsible approach to addressing the opioid abuse epidemic and other substance abuse epidemics requires treating such epidemics as a public health emergency emphasizing prevention, treatment, and recovery. TITLE VIII—KINGPIN DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT Section 801—Protection of classified information This section incorporates the provisions of Title IV of the House amendment to S. 524, which passed the House on May 10, 2016, and its Senate companion, S. 2914, the ‘‘Kingpin Designation Improvement Act.’’ The section amends Section 804 of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act to include language to protect classified information from disclosure during a federal court challenge by a designee. Under current law, the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) uses the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) and the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (the ‘‘Kingpin Act’’) to target and apply sanctions to international narcotics traffickers and their organizations. The Kingpin Act is the principal mechanism by which OFAC sanctions foreign persons tied to global narcotics trafficking. OFAC’s designations are often based upon classified information. Unlike in a related federal statute, the Kingpin Act does not contain such a mechanism to protect classified information from release during a ‘‘de listing’’ process. That means OFAC may lose the opportunity to designate a highlevel drug kingpin because it cannot risk the disclosure of classified information. This section clarifies that OFAC can submit classified information to defend its designations ex parte and in camera in the relevant U.S. district court, thereby ensuring classified information can be protected from disclosure. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Section 901—Short title Includes the title ‘‘Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act.’’ Section 902—Definitions This section includes various definitions of terms used throughout Title IX. Section 911—Improvement of opioid safety measures by the Department of Veterans Affairs This provision requires the Secretary to expand the Opioid Safety Initiative to include all VA medical facilities within 180 days of enactment of this act, and would require that all VA employees who prescribe opioids receive education and training on pain management and safe opioid prescribing practices. The Secretary would also be required to establish enhanced standards with respect to the use of routine and random drug tests for all patients before and during opioid therapy. Directors of each medical facility will be required to designate a pain management team of health care professionals responsible for coordinating and overseeing pain management therapy and will provide an annual report identifying the members of the facility’s pain management team, certification as to education and training, and compliance with the stepped care model or other pain management policies. This provision also requires participation in state prescription drug monitoring programs; a report on the feasibility and advisability of advanced realtime tracking of opioid use data in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool; an increase in the availability of opioid receptor antagonists such as naloxone and a report on compliance; inclusion in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of information identifying when health care providers access the tool and the most recent urine drug test for each veteran; and notification of opioid abuse risk in the computerized patient record system. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, included similar language. Section 912—Strengthening of joint working group on pain management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, require that VA and the Department of Defense (DOD) ensure that the Health Executive Committee’s Pain Management Working Group (PMWG) includes a focus on the opioid prescribing practices of health care providers of each Department; the ability of each Department to manage acute and chronic pain, including training health care providers with respect to pain management; the use by each Department of complementary and integrative health; the concurrent use by health care providers of each Department of opioids and prescription drugs to treat mental health disorders, including benzodiazepines; the use of care transition plans by health care providers of each Department to address case management issues for patients receiving opioid therapy who transition between inpatient and outpatient settings; coordination in coverage of and consistent access to medications prescribed for patients transitioning from receiving health care from DOD to VA; and the ability of each Department to screen, identify, and treat patients with substance use disorders who are seeking treatment for acute and chronic pain. This provision also ensures the PMWG coordinates its activities with other relevant working groups; consults with other relevant federal agencies, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; consults with the VA and DOD with respect to the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain; and reviews and comments on the guideline before any update to such guideline is released. This provision requires VA and DOD to jointly update the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain within 180 days of enactment. This provision requires that the PMWG, in coordination with the Clinical Practice Guideline VA/DOD Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain Working Group, examine whether the guidelines should include numerous elements. The elements to be considered include, but are not limited to, enhanced guidance with respect to: opioid and other drug prescription practices; treatment of patients with behaviors or comorbidities that require comanagement of opioid therapy; patient status assessments conducted by providers; governance of the methodologies used by VA and DOD providers to taper opioid therapy; appropriate case management for opioid patients transitioning from an inpatient setting to an outpatient setting; appropriate case management for opioid patients transitioning from active duty to postmilitary health care networks; how providers should discuss with patients options for pain management therapies before initiating opioid therapy; provision of evidencebased nonopioid treatments within VA and DOD; and consideration of guidelines developed by CDC for safely prescribing opioids. Section 913—Review, investigation, and report on use of opioids in treatment by Department of Veterans Affairs This provision requires GAO, not later than 2 years after enactment, to submit a report on the Opioid Safety Initiative and the opioid prescribing practices of VA health care providers. This provision also requires semiannual progress reports on the implementation of any GAO recommendations generated by this report. The Secretary must also review and report annually on the patient population receiving opioid therapy and the prescription rates of each medical facility and conduct investigations, through the Office of the Medical Inspector, on prescription rates that conflict with or are otherwise inconsistent with the standards of appropriate and safe care. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, included similar language. Section 914—Mandatory disclosure of certain veteran information to state controlled substance monitoring programs This provision includes the H.R. 4063, as reported, language requiring that VA providers shall disclose certain veteran information to state controlled substance monitoring programs. Section 915—Elimination of copayment requirement for veterans receiving opioid antagonists or education on use of opioid antagonists This provision includes the S. 2921, as reported, language that would eliminate the copayment requirement for veterans receiving opioid antagonists or education on the use of opioid antagonists. 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAMALFA ). Pursuant to House Resolution 794 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5485. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) kindly resume the chair. b1914 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. MCCLINTOCK (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) had been sustained. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–639, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 794, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of that resolution. Each amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 794, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 794, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. b1915 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I would like to say a few words about the fiscal year 2017 Financial Services Appropriations Act. I have been privileged to serve on the subcommittee since the beginning of the 114th Congress. I first want to commend the excellent work of Chairman CRENSHAW , who will be retiring at the end of this Congress, Ranking Member SERRANO , as well as the staffs of both the majority and the minority. Unfortunately, I will have to oppose this bill on final passage for a number of reasons. For example, I know that it is not the most popular or even the most politically wise thing to defend the Internal Revenue Service, but it does not make any sense to complain about the work of the IRS and then slash its ability to function by cutting its budget $246 million below the FY 2016 level and $1.4 billion below the President’s budget request. Severe budget cuts have led to fewer audits, longer appeals, delayed refunds, and poorer service for the American people. It has also led to billions of dollars in lost tax revenue, money that could be used to repair our Nation’s infrastructure or reduce the deficit. Instead, the cuts have only served to line the pockets of tax cheats, people who can’t be audited and have collection by the Internal Revenue Service. Taxpayer Services, however, does get funding at the amount requested, which is a positive step for turning around the IRS’ customer service issues. At the very least, it is encouraging to see the Congress taking the first steps to improving customer service and tax compliance—resulting from unfair and unnecessary political attacks on the agency—but now they are taking it seriously. I am also concerned that the FY 2017 Financial Services Appropriations Act contains a number of contentious policy riders that will hinder the government’s ability to do its job. First of all, the bill unnecessarily micromanages the District of Columbia’s budget and its laws, restricting home rule and the ability of the District of Columbia to manage its own finances. Also, the Federal Communications Commission is prohibited from implementing its popular net neutrality rules until all lawsuits contesting the rules have been resolved. The Commission has carefully tailored these rules to ensure approval by the courts, and the provision simply delays the implementation of consumer and small business protection from unscrupulous business practices. The bill severely undermines the Affordable Care Act by prohibiting funds to implement the individual mandate and the transfer of funds to the IRS for the use of implementing the Affordable Care Act. Additionally, the bill inhibits corporate transparency by blocking the Securities and Exchange Commission from requesting information on political contributions by corporations. Finally, it continues to prohibit individuals traveling to Cuba for educational exchanges outside of a degree program. That policy is a relic of the last century, and it has absolutely no part in today’s globalized economy. As I said, I cannot support the FY 2017 Financial Services Appropriations Act as it currently stands. While we are still in tough economic times, this bill contains too many harmful policies and does not allocate the resources in a way to grow our Nation’s economy. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 2, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, we can raise living standards for working families across the country if we use Federal dollars to create good jobs. My amendment would reprogram funds to create an Office of Good Jobs in the Treasury Department that would help ensure the Department’s procurement, grant making, and regulatory decisions to encourage the creation of good, decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. Mr. Chairman, I am actually a little bit shocked to know that right now the U.S. Government is America’s leading lowwage job creator, funding over 2 million poverty jobs through contracts, loans, and grants with corporate America. That is more than the total number of lowwage workers employed by Walmart and McDonald’s combined. 
U.S. contract workers earn so little, Mr. Chairman, that nearly 40 percent of them use public assistance, like food stamps, Section 8, and Medicaid, to feed and shelter their families. To add insult to injury, many of these low wage U.S. contract workers are driven deeper into poverty because their employers steal their wages and break other Federal employment and labor laws. It is intended that the appropriation for salaries and expenses at the United States Treasury Department be used to establish an Office of Good Jobs in the Department aimed at ensuring that the Department’s procurement, grantmaking, and regulatory decisions encourage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. The office’s structure shall be substantially similar to the Centers for FaithBased and Neighborhood Partnerships located within the Department of Education, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Labor, Department of Agriculture, and Department of Commerce, Department of Veterans Affairs, U.S. Department of State, Small Business Administration, Environmental Protection Agency, the Corporation for National and Community Service, and U.S. Agency for International Development. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ), the ranking member. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. The aim of this amendment is to create an Office of Good Jobs within the Department of the Treasury. This office would help ensure that the Treasury makes contracting and employment decisions encouraging the creation of decently paid jobs, implementation of fair labor practices, and responsible employment practices. The Federal Government ought to be setting an example for the Nation when it comes to contracting decisions. Members of Congress who are committed to creating goodpaying jobs and supporting workers have a chance with this amendment to see those values reflected throughout our government. This office will help guide the Treasury to make responsible contracting and employment decisions and do right by the countless men and women who help us perform the Nation’s business each and every day. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is duplicative and ignores the existing contractor award system that we already have in place. Contracting officers must already consult the system for award management to ensure a contractor can be awarded a contract. Businesses on the excluded parties list systems have been suspended or debarred through a due process system and may not be eligible to receive or renew Federal contracts for cited offenses. So the best way to ensure that the government contracts provide grants to the best employers is to enforce the existing suspension and debarment system. Bad actors who are in violation of the basic worker protections should not be awarded Federal contracts. Everybody agrees with that. That is why the Federal Government has already got a system in place to deny Federal contracts to bad actors. If a contractor fails to maintain high standards of integrity and business ethics, agencies already have the authority to suspend or debar the employer from government contracting. In 2014, for instance, Federal agencies issued more than 1,000 suspensions and nearly 2,000 debarments to employees who bid on Federal contracts. This amendment is just going to delay the procurement process, with harmful consequences. On numerous occasions, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office has highlighted costly litigation stemming from the complex regulatory rules, including from the Fair Labor Standards Act. So this amendment simply punishes employers who may unknowingly or unwillingly get caught in the Federal Government’s maze of bureaucratic rules and reporting requirements. The procurement process is already plagued by delays and beneficiaries. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, this is not duplicative. This amendment actually is not about debarment. Debarment says that, if you are the worst actor, you are going to get a sanction. This amendment says we are going to prioritize contractors who have good employment practices. Imagine yourself being a businessperson with a government contract and you are over here trying to make sure that you are respecting the union that the workers may have. You are making sure you never get hit with wage theft. You are making sure that you have a good benefits program for your employers. You are a good employer, the kind that we want to have working for the Federal Government, yet you are competing with somebody who does the bare minimum they can do to avoid debarment. That is the mistake that the gentleman from Florida is making. The Office of Good Jobs would prioritize good employers who make it a priority to say that we value our employees, we are not going to pay them the very least we can get by with, we are not going to try to force them on government benefits by not paying them a fair wage. It should be compelling to all of us that 40 percent of contract workers make so little that they are eligible for government welfare programs. These are people who work. They are people who work a job. They might be working at McDonald’s, they might be doing cleanup in a Federal building, or they might be doing any number of jobs; but if somebody is making meals for our heroes at the Pentagon, I think they ought to be able to get a fair, decent job, and there ought to be somebody out there who makes sure that it happens. If there is no one to make sure that it happens, it won’t happen. That is why our government, today, funds more lowwage jobs than Walmart or McDonald’s combined. It is time to end this race to the bottom. It is time to say that the biggest buyer of goods and services in the world, the United States, should use its power to promote good jobs, not getby jobs, not substandard jobs that barely eke past debarment, but good jobs. I would think that everybody in this body would want to use the dollar that way. I think the American taxpayer would want to use the dollar that way. What if the American taxpayer knew that the Federal contractors are paying 40 percent of the workers so little that these workers actually are eligible for welfare programs though they work hard every single day? Mr. Chairman, we ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment, because I think that everybody in this body wants to see good jobs for the American people. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. b1930 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,748,545)’’. Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,270,929)’’. Page 9, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $239,231)’’. 
Page 9, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $497,965)’’. Page 9, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,327,907)’’. Page 10, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,576,889)’’. Page 10, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,074,855)’’. Page 10, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $165,988)’’. Page 10, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $24,898)’’. Page 265, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,748,545)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The House Financial Services Committee, in conjunction with the Judiciary Committee, has been engaging in an investigation in regard to bank settlement agreements that were reached that created a slush fund to drive money to thirdparty organizations. Now, that is offensive because, if we look at our Constitution, it is the Congress that is supposed to appropriate, not the administration, not the DOJ, but the Congress. In these bank settlement agreements, you have the administration, along with approval from the judiciary, actually appropriating money to groups that this institution did not approve. So, to be clear, we are looking at funding for CDFI. My amendment will reduce that funding by $20.7 million. So before you are all shocked, let’s actually talk about the numbers. The committee has increased funding by $16.5 million, bringing the number from $233.5 million to $250 million. That is an over 7 percent increase in funding for CDFI. But if you add in the money that came from the bank settlements, the $45 billion from bank settlements, this is a $62 million increase or, as a percentage, it is 26 percent of an increase for CDFI. It is huge. If we want to increase that funding by 26 percent, that is our decision, in this House, not the DOJ, not the President, not the judiciary. It is our decision. So all I do is say: Hey, let’s bring this back by $20 million. That is all. And still, if you include the $16 million that is currently in the bill, and then the $25 million that they got from the slush fund, it is still a 17 percent increase. This makes sense. I ask you all to join my amendment, join in a little effort to stand up for Article I of the Constitution, and do what is right. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. This happens to be one of the most bipartisan accounts in the bill, and it is a lean program; it fills a niche that provides capital and credit in areas where often it is difficult. These are competitive grants and it is complicated to a certain extent. It is not as simple as just kind of flowing money back and forth. So I just want to urge people, to say: We don’t want to reduce the funding in these areas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ), the ranking member. Mr. SERRANO. I thank the chairman. I was going to open up by saying the same thing: This is probably the most bipartisan account that we have in this bill and it has been for years. I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. This amendment would slash funding for the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, or CDFI Fund, by $20.7 million. This is a harmful and totally misguided cut. The fact is that the CDFI Fund helps generate economic growth and opportunity in some of our Nation’s most distressed communities. The Fund supports financial institutions recognized for their expertise in providing services and support to distressed communities. These institutions leverage Federal funds to draw in new or increase sources of private funding. According to the description provided to the Rules Committee, the gentleman’s amendment says: to ‘‘offset an inappropriate augmentation of this account outside the appropriations process by the Department of Justice through settlement agreements, which required banks to donate $20.7 million to certified CDFI entities.’’ But the fact is that the Fund is not receiving money from DOJ or from any bank. It is completely inaccurate and inappropriate to reduce the CDFI Fund in any amount as a result of the gentleman’s assertion. Any settlement with banks for fraudulent activity during or leading up to the financial crisis was delivered by banks directly to CDFIs. At no point has the Fund benefited or seen an increase in funding as a result. The fact that some of our large banks have entered into civil settlements with the Department of Justice should not even enter into this discussion. The fact is that the need for investment in these communities is far greater than the resources that have been provided. The passage of this amendment would do a great deal of harm. We are not just talking about cutting $20.7 million from the Fund. Because of the leveraging of private sector investment, we are actually talking about an amendment that would effectively cut many times that number of investment in job creation, community facilities, and housing. I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to Mr. DUFFY ’s amendment. I have listened to his arguments very closely. My interest in this is the American Indian and Alaska Native and Hawaiian Native. My interest is because this program, the CDFI, is the one program where they have access to moneys, and they cannot get it from the standard lending institutions for their businesses that they are trying to create. And it has worked successfully in Alaska and in the lower 48, too. I would suggest, respectfully, that a lot of people don’t understand, we don’t have a road system. Most of our—in fact, all of our villages don’t have banks, and this program can work and does work very well to try to improve their lot. And I say they have been successful at creating new jobs that create money. Mr. Chairman, I would like to suggest one thing. I listened to these arguments about the money we are appropriating, and I wish everybody would understand in this body we cannot create jobs by creating government jobs. That is not real money. That is money that is being consumed. And this body has been neglectful in creating jobs from resources and manufacturing from, have not supported, nor have they made the suggestion that this should be done. So we talk about these programs, we need to have money available to create jobs that create real money, and a lot of this is done in the rural communities in my State of Alaska and the Indian country in the lower 48. So I suggest the gentleman has a point, but not a strong enough point to have me vote for his amendment. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I heard the gentleman from across the aisle talk about harmful cuts. When you look at the money that is going to this program, CDFI, even with my reduction, there is a $41 billion increase, or a 17 percent increase in funding. You can’t disregard the money that went from the bank settlements. That is money that we should have appropriated. That has been taken from us, but we have to consider it. You can’t not consider it. I listened to the debate in this Chamber among my colleagues, especially on the right, and they talk about: Oh, my goodness, we need to regain congressional authority, we want to start an Article I movement where we actually control spending. Well, hey, here is your opportunity. When the Department of Justice and the administration circumvent the Congress, we should take it seriously, and we should take into account the money that they appropriated through a bank settlement. 
I also hear my colleagues talk about: Oh, my gosh, we have a really big debt, $19 trillion in debt is going to tank our economy. And I agree. If you care about $19 trillion in debt, we can reduce this fund by $20 million, and still have it $41 million more than it was last year. And, oh, by the way, this appropriations is $3 million more than the President’s request, so we are not harming the Fund. We are not harming people. More money is going to CDFI. It is just that we are considering the amount of money that came through bank settlements that circumvented Congress, and I think that is only appropriate. I would ask all of my colleagues to join with me and do what is right by this institution, and do what is right by way of our debt and our next generation, and make sure that we consider those bank settlements, and reduce this fund by $20.7 million. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I wish it were as simple as the gentleman suggests. But it is important to realize this amendment would literally reduce almost every program in the CDFI. And remember, these funding cuts would devastate some of our Nation’s most distressed populations, including Native Americans and people with disabilities, people in rural communities. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 84, beginning on line 13, strike section 506. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to join with Ranking Member JOHNSON to strike section 506 of this appropriations bill. This is another anticonsumer provision inserted into a funding bill. It actually doesn’t belong here. The language I ask my colleagues to remove restricts the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s ability to curb mandatory arbitration in consumer contracts. Last month, the CFPB proposed prohibitions on class action lawsuits and mandatory predispute mandatory arbitration in financial contracts. I strongly supported the CFPB’s actions. We must limit this wellknown scourge on the rights of everyday Americans: forced arbitration clauses. People talk about how the rules are rigged. They say the deck is stacked in favor of powerful interests. Forced arbitration clauses are a perfect example of an unfair system. Powerful corporations rig the rules to make it more difficult for people to hold companies accountable for wrongdoing. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Ellison amendment, which strikes section 506 from the bill, a deeply flawed provision that would restrict the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s ability to fulfill its statutory mandate to regulate predispute mandatory arbitration clauses in contracts for financial products and services. Over the past several decades, forced arbitration clauses have proliferated in countless consumer, employment, and smallbusiness contracts depriving countless Americans of their right to a jury trial in a court of law while insulating corporations from public accountability. That is why when Congress passed the DoddFrank Act in 2010, we explicitly empowered the CFPB to study predispute forced arbitration, and then based on the study’s results, ban or limit the practice through regulation. In March 2015, the CFPB issued a seminal report finding that forced arbitration agreements restrict consumers’ access to relief in disputes involving financial services and products. As overwhelmingly and methodically documented in this report, the CFPB confirmed what we already knew, that forced arbitration clauses blocked consumers from suing wrongdoers in court individually or in class action lawsuits. Now it is time for the CFPB to ensure that consumers have their day in court by adopting a strong rule banning forced arbitration clauses in contracts for financial services and products. This amendment ensures that the CFPB can do just that. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Ellison amendment. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOODALL ). The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a valued member of our subcommittee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for the time and also his great work as chairman of the subcommittee. As a proud member of the subcommittee, we are going to miss Mr. CRENSHAW . It has been a delight to work with him as well as the ranking member, Mr. SERRANO , for his tireless effort on behalf of these issues. Mr. Chairman, for 90 years—for 90 years—Federal law has protected the enforceability of arbitration agreements because arbitration provides an alternative method of resolving disputes that is quicker and cheaper than the expensive, overburdened court system. Hundreds of millions of contracts are based on this principle: credit card contracts, checking accounts, Internet agreements, cell phones, and cable TV. There are dozens of contracts that have this provision. 
Don’t let my colleagues across the aisle fool you on this subject. Arbitration empowers individuals. Injured parties can obtain fair resolution of disputes without the need of an attorney. But many oppose this approach, particularly plaintiffs’ attorneys, because arbitration proceedings can’t be used to bring lawyerdriven class actions that provide millions in legal fees but little or no benefit to the consumer. DoddFrank authorized the CFPB to conduct a study of arbitration and at the same time granted CFPB authority to promulgate a regulation for related products or services within the bureau’s jurisdiction. However, this authority was caveated, Mr. Chairman, with the requirement that any rule be in the public interest and for protection of consumers while remaining consistent with the results of the bureau’s arbitration study. Mr. Chairman, Congress wanted any regulation to be based on a fair, complete study of realworld implications of regulating or banning arbitration. Yet, CFPB’s study—which led to its May, 2016, proposed regulation effectively eliminating arbitration—fell far short of the requirements set by Congress. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WOMACK. So, Mr. Chairman, that is why the Appropriations Committee approved language in our bill to address this issue, and we did so unanimously. Now Congress has to step in again to restore basic fairness to the effort to regulate arbitration. Section 506 of this bill simply ensures that no rule issued by the bureau shall be effective until the bureau evaluates the costs and benefits to consumers associated with conditioning or limiting the use of arbitration and specifically, Mr. Chairman, finds that the demonstrable benefits of the rule outweigh the costs to consumers. Any attempt to strike it would be misguided. So, Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment by the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, if you live in Minnesota and you get into a dispute with a bank over a bank account, a credit card or a cell phone company, well, that might just be too bad because the arbitration court is in Delaware. You can pack up and move to a hotel for a week. You don’t have any other option. Instead of an impartial judge, your case is going to be decided by an arbitrator chosen and paid for by the firm. What if the arbitrator makes a mistake in ruling? We have appellate courts for a reason. If you have forced arbitration and the arbiter makes a mistake, that is too bad for you. The ruling likely cannot be repealed or reversed. Do you want to know what happened to other people who may have had the same problem with the company? You are out of luck there, too, because the documents and the arbitrator’s decisions are not publicly available. This is unfair, and it is wrong. It is no way to treat consumers in our country. We should strike this improper provision. We should accord the CFPB with the respect it really does deserve because they examine this issue carefully in the public interests. Strike section 506 of this appropriations bill. It doesn’t belong there. It is anticonsumer, and both Republicans and Democrats have consumers in our districts, and I hope that they are following this debate. Because when they find that a financial product with a forced arbitration clause is hurting them and their family, they are going to know who stood up for them. I hope all Members, as they choose their vote on this particular bill, think carefully about who is on their side and who isn’t. b2000 I would just like to add, as I close, that we should split the CFPB’s efforts to allow Americans to join our claims together and hold financial companies accountable when they make mistakes and when they break the law. We should encourage, not prevent, a fair financial marketplace. If you want a fair system, if you want greater economic freedom, then those mandatory arbitration clauses need to stop. Please support the EllisonJohnson amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, for 9 years arbitration agreements have been legal, and they have been upheld by the courts. They provide an alternative method of resolving disputes. They are quicker and cheaper than the slow, more expensive court system. The provision in our bill before you merely requires the CFPB to stop and further study the use of arbitration before moving forward with this arbitration rule. In their own study, it is noted that consumers didn’t select financial products like credit cards or cell phones based on whether they were subject to dispute resolution clauses or may require arbitration. And actually, studies have shown that consumers receive more compensation in arbitration than they do in class action. So you have to ask yourself: Why is the CFPB trying to go after something consumers say they don’t care about but actually financially benefit from? I urge rejection of this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–639. 
AND 7 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF WISCONSIN  
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment Nos. 5, 6, and 7, printed in House Report 114–639, be considered en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I offer amendment Nos. 5, 6, and 7 made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments. The text of the amendments is as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chair and the ranking member for agreeing to this en bloc amendment request. These three amendments, offered with Financial Services ranking member Ms. WATERS , Mrs. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota, address Republican attacks on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the CFPB. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is one of the central pillars of the Wall Street reform, the Dodd Frank Act. To date, the Bureau has returned more than $11.4 billion to 25 million consumers that have been harmed by predatory financial practices. Let me repeat that for you, Mr. Chairman. $11.4 billion has been returned to our constituents, 25 million of them, as a result of the work of the CFPB. Yet our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to again side with 
foes of the Bureau, with the predatory and other unscrupulous lenders. Our amendment seeks to preserve the independence and efficacy of this watchdog agency. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. That is right, Mr. Chairman, $11.4 billion to over 25 million consumers. The CFPB has been working on behalf of consumers. How many households are stronger, better off because of the CFPB? How much justice has been accorded by the CFPB? And yet here we are, after being so successful with the CFPB, and our friends on the other side of the aisle want to weaken it, water it down, snarl it up, and entangle it up in a bureaucratic mess. It is a good thing, Mr. Chairman, that the CFPB is independent. It is good that they don’t have to worry about the political pressures. It is good that they can have a singleminded focus on one thing, and one thing only: what is good for the American consumer. By the way, we have plenty of oversight. Just ask Richard Cordray. He must be the most frequent visitor to the Financial Services Committee in the whole of the United States Government. He comes all of the time and has to answer question after question all day long, day in and day out, from our Republican colleagues, and he answers the questions as well as anybody possibly could. There is accountability. There is a letter writing process. There are questions he has to answer. There are all types of oversight. But do you know what? There is not the ability for the Republicans to say: We are going to snatch your money if you don’t do it our way. We are going to take away your independence and tie down the CFPB in an unwieldy five person commission if you don’t do things our way. Right now, the consumers have an advocate on their side, and that is the way it should stay. I support and urge support for the Moore amendments. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendments. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike one of the very best and most important provisions of the bill, that is, putting the CFPB under the appropriations process. That is number one. It also would strike a provision of the current law, which merely requires the CFPB to notify Congress whenever they request money from the Federal Reserve. That is the law today. And the third thing it does is it strikes the provision that changes this CFPB, the Director, to a fivemember commission. Now, the combination of these provisions introduces ordinary and customary congressional checks that most every other agency abides by. We are not asking the CFPB to do anything the Department of Defense or the State Department or the Department of Justice or the Treasury Department doesn’t already do. I think it is truly ironic that the agency responsible for making consumer financial products more transparent and financial institutions more accountable is nontransparent to the Congress and to the American people. The DoddFrank authorizes the CFPB to fund itself by drawing money from the Federal Reserve to the extent their Director deems ‘‘necessary.’’ Now, the Federal Reserve doesn’t oversee the agency. It doesn’t exercise any authority over it. But the Federal Reserve must transfer the CFPB whatever funds the Director requests without asking any questions. So the Bureau has already diverted over $2 billion from the Treasury’s general fund and, therefore, increased the Federal debt by $2 billion without any congressional input or approval of its activities. Now, other consumer protection agencies, such as the Consumer Product Safety Commission or the Federal Trade Commission, they are both funded through the appropriations process. Why not the CFPB? With regard to the fivemember commission structure, I think some more diverse viewpoints would help the CFPB understand stakeholder concerns and would make the direction of the agency a little bit more accountable. Other consumer investor protection agencies, such as the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, they are all funded through the appropriations process, and they are all led by five member commissions. Why not the CFPB? So this provision in the bill neither abolishes the Bureau; they don’t eliminate the Bureau’s funding. Instead, they will increase the Bureau’s transparency and leadership, allow us to understand what it is that they are doing and how they are going about it. Let’s just make the CFPB a little more transparent and a little more accountable. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, could the Chair inform me about how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Wisconsin has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the concern that the gentleman has about maintaining the budgetary constraints, but that is the very problem that agencies like the FDIC and others have had. They have had the authority, but they have not had the independence. The appropriation process ties the hands of these agencies. The one bright star is the CFPB, which is independent, and it supports consumers. I just want to point out that changing the structure of the CFPB to a commission would add $66 million to our deficit. I look forward to my friends on the other side of the aisle’s vote on my amendment since it not only preserves the independence of the CFPB, but it continues to ensure that U.S. markets are the fairest and most robust in the world, and it protects consumers from mischief in this appropriations process. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendments offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–639. Does any Member wish to take up this amendment? The Chair understands that amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–639 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 114, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. Page 115, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, my amendment does one very simple thing, which is to increase the funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission by $50 million, bringing the funding in this bill for the Securities and Exchange Commission to the level of funding for the SEC in 2016. I would point out, Mr. Chairman, that this level of funding is still significantly lower than the President’s request of $1.78 billion. I would further point out, Mr. Chairman, that the work of the SEC, at its core, is about protecting investors who are essential to the functioning of our capital markets and to protecting the 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 115, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $22,703,000)’’. Page 265, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $22,703,000)’’. 
things—for life—if they fail to register. Yet we are still here tonight to defend it. The chairman will say: Well, we are going to study this. We are going to study it and decide whether or not we might still need this someday. Yet, of course, the Department of Defense, itself, says: We do not want a draft. We like to select highly qualified people for our allvolunteer military. In fact, in March, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said: ‘‘The thing I’d like to say about the Selective Service System and the draft, generally, is this: We want to pick our own people. We don’t want people to be forced to serve us.’’ Yet the chairman of the committee will rise in a vain attempt to defend this wasteful system. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I think most of us would hope that we won’t ever need to use the draft again, but I think the agency is an important insurance policy that we can use against unforeseen threats. In an emergency, in a wartime situation, the effects of this amendment could be disastrous. This is a small price to pay for an agency that has the potential to avert a crisis should the draft ever need to be reinstated. The voluntary military we have maintained for 40 years is, certainly, the preferred method of defending our Nation. We have got the besttrained and the bestequipped military in the world. But the decision on the issue to support and to maintain the Selective Service System is a decision that should be made by the Department of Defense. I believe that this is a small price to pay to make sure that we have this ability should we ever need it. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ). Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the DeFazio amendment, and I am a proud cosponsor of the amendment. As the gentleman from Oregon mentioned, the draft ended in 1973. Conscription ended. Then the Selective Service System was put on the shelf, inactivated, and was only activated when, in a show of resolve, President Jimmy Carter, in the aftermath of the December 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, reinstituted conscription. He reinstituted signing up for the Selective Service System. I think he suspended wheat sales to the Soviet Union as well as our participation in the Olympic Games, which were scheduled to be in Moscow. It has never been used. During the height of Iraq and Afghanistan, there has never even been a discussion within the Department of Defense, even with personnel shortages, about using the draft. In a recent study by the Army Recruiting Command, it determined that something like 75 percent of young people—militaryaged people—are ineligible to serve in the United States Army. Either they are overweight; they don’t have high school or have high school but don’t have a high enough score on the Armed Forces Entrance Exam; they have had altercations with the law; or they have drug and alcohol issues. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. COFFMAN. We have extremely high standards today. I think, in my having served in the United States Army when there was a draft, that having conscription—having people being forced to serve—compromises the extraordinary, I think, capability of our military. This is about putting it back on the shelf, as it was in 1973, and if the President, as Commander in Chief, ever felt it needed to come off the shelf, he or she could do so. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. For those who persist in the fantasy that, someday, we will need to reinstate the draft, this legislation allows the President the authority to restore funding should he believe that such actions are in the interest of the national defense. Beyond that, the report, actually, from 1979, from the Selective Service, itself, said: We do not have the training capacity of the old days of training, with broomsticks, the young troops to go into war. Today, we have a professional military—the best in the world. If you believe in our military and if you believe in an allvolunteer force, then you will vote for this amendment. If you want to send a message that, someday, we are going to conscript young men, involuntarily, to go into the military, into a training capacity that doesn’t exist, and have hundreds or thousands or millions of bodies, untrained, go into a massive land war, unlike the way wars are fought today with the professional military and much more targeted with drones and air strikes, then vote for this, say that we are going to go back to Korea, that we are going to go back to the way it was in World War II, that we are going to go back to World War I. If you believe we have entered into the 21st century and that we are never going to involuntarily conscript Americans to serve in the military again, the allvolunteer force is the best in the world. Yes, it needs to be the best trained and the best equipped. Let’s focus on that. Let’s spend $23 million on their training and on their equipment instead of wasting it on an obsolete system that penalizes young Americans under felony penalty if they don’t register and register their changes of address. By the way, the Selective Service doesn’t know where most people live. Their computers are obsolete, and they don’t work. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I just want to note that the overwhelming ‘‘fantasy’’ that the gentleman refers to was shared on a bipartisan basis, overwhelmingly, in rejecting this amendment a couple of years ago. This is not a brand new idea. And we appreciate the gentleman’s bringing it before us, but in the military, they talk about things that you don’t know. You do not know what you do not know. I believe that this is a small price to pay to make sure that we have this ability, should a crisis occur, in that we might save thousands—if not millions—of lives. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. b2030 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this language strikes the antiabortion language in section 613, which restricts abortion coverage for those who participate in Federal Employees Health Benefit plans. In other words, Federal employees. Singling out abortion care and requiring its exclusion from health insurance plans is discrimination. Federal employees commit their lives to public service, and they should not be penalized because of the source of their health insurance and who their employer happens to be. Government employees contribute to the cost of their 
coverage, and they pay their outof pocket expenses. They deserve the same benefits and access to comprehensive health care as those in the private sector. This ban separates public servants from privatesector employees and treats them as unequal. All Federal employees should have equal access to health care that other employees receive in the private sector. Here, we are saying that one employer, the government, is free to deny care to its employees, something that we would generally not allow in the private sector. We are also prohibiting these Federal employee plans from covering abortions, and that constitutes political interference in a woman’s personal decisionmaking. Restricting abortion coverage in these plans is a bad policy that harms women. Sometime during the course of pregnancy, for instance, one might find out that the fetus is abnormal. That is a personal decision whether to terminate that pregnancy or not that should be made personally, and the government should not weigh in in one way or another in making that decision. If a woman does decide—either because her life is threatened or because of fetal abnormalities or some other reason—that she wants to terminate the pregnancy, she could be looking at tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars of unreimbursed health expenses. We shouldn’t pretend that we are covering people’s health coverage needs while allowing them to fall subject to a bill that could be tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Now, lifting this ban does not mandate abortion coverage. It simply permits the Federal Employees Health Benefit plans to cover abortions. I think we need to get to the heart of the matter, which is this: the most fundamental right of anyone, a man or a woman, is the right to control your own body, and that includes a womb. If liberty means anything, if freedom means anything, that is what it means. That is true for me and it is true for you. It is true for men, and it is true for women; and that includes pregnant women and women who happen to be Federal employees. Abortion has to be fully legal or women are not fully equal. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), one of the great champions of innocent unborn life. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his extraordinary leadership on this bill and on the life issue. Mr. Chairman, on June 8, 1983, 33 years ago, I sponsored the amendment to ban the use of taxpayer funds to subsidize abortion in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. The Smith amendment passed 226 to 182, and has been in effect almost continuously ever since. Today, more Americans oppose taxpayer funding for abortions than ever before. A January 2016 Marist poll found a supermajority of Americans— 68 percent of all respondents and 69 percent of women—oppose taxpayer funding for abortion. Why do Americans continue to trend prolife? First, the prolife movement is comprised of millions of selfless, compassionate human rights defenders, women and men, filled with deep faith in God, hope, love, and indomitable spirits. Second, postabortive women are silent no more, courageously speaking to the extraordinary harm they have endured from abortion. As the NGO Feminists for Life have reminded us, women deserve better than abortion. Third, sonograms, ultrasound imagery, is a game changer. Countless parents have watched with awe and wonder as their child appears on the screen, moving about, even sucking his or her thumb. First baby pictures today are of the child before birth. That first picture is a powerful confirmation that their child exists and that they are parents now and that birth is merely an event in the life of a child. Ultrasounds have also been an effective tool in helping to diagnose and to treat disease and disability for these young patients. Some unborn children indeed are the youngest patients in need of benign interventions. I would note to my colleagues that for the past several years, there has been a global movement called The First Thousand Days of Life, providing for nutrition and supplementation to bolster the health and wellness of children and women from conception until the second birthday. The consequences of caring for children before birth is absolutely revolutionary and breathtaking, boosting their immunity as well as their cognitive abilities throughout their entire lifetime. Abortion, on the other hand, is the polar opposite of life. It is violence against children. Abortion methods dismember, decapitate, or chemically poison innocent babies to death. Later term abortions inflict excruciating pain and suffering on the child, especially during the dismemberment procedure. The Grayson amendment would reverse over three decades of prudent public policy that ensures that taxpayers do not subsidize abortion. I would note parenthetically that the law governing the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program specifies that the Federal Government contributes at least 72 percent of the average premium cost for all plans, so it is taxpayers who are footing the bill. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the Grayson amendment. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield for a moment to my friend from New Jersey, if he will answer a single question. And the question is this: Does the gentlemen believe that women who have abortions should be incarcerated? Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Absolutely not. Thank you for the question. Let me point out that every bill we have brought—the PartialBirth Abortion Ban, the Born Alive Act, every single piece of legislation that would seek to protect the lives of unborn children—has a specific clause that women are held harmless; that there could be no prosecutions against them. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, again, addressing a question to the gentleman from New Jersey: If you maintain that abortion is murder—which is pretty much what you just said—then why do you not believe that the women who have these abortions should be incarcerated? Why do you not believe that? Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAYSON. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Chairman, it is the gentleman who called it murder. I call it the taking of human life. We need to hold the abortionists liable. We, in the prolife movement, look at the women as covictims. I have worked—I say to my friend from Florida—with well over 100 women, many of whom were part of the Silent No More Awareness Campaign, all of whom have had abortions, including the niece of Dr. Martin Luther King, Alvita King, who has had two abortions. She has said very, very strongly that in every abortion there was a covictim, and that is the mother. Mr. GRAYSON. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate my friend from New Jersey answering those questions. I would maintain that the simpler answer is that abortion is not murder; it is not the taking of human life. I yield 1 minute to my colleague from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. GRAYSON. I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, the problem with this argument is that it has become an abortion argument and it isn’t a debate about abortion. It is an issue about a doctor and a woman and her healthcare decision and an insurance where one person can have certain rights under their insurance plan and another one cannot. Let’s remember that there are some Federal dollars in this plan, but there are also personal dollars, but no rights according to some people. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, it is very clear that our policy is the taxpayers’ fund should not be used to fund abortions and, therefore, we have continued this prohibition. Not only has 
this prohibition been in place since 1981, it was also requested by the administration as part of its 2017 budget request. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Grayson Amendment Number 12. This amendment would finally remove a longstanding, harmful appropriations rider that deprives federal employees of coverage for the full range of reproductive health care. As cochair of the House ProChoice Caucus, I’m routinely dismayed by the repeated inclusion in legislation of divisive riders that interfere with women’s health care decisions. Why must important bills that get the people’s business done be misused by politicians to limit women’s reproductive rights and choices? For too long, Congress has interfered with women’s health decisions through bans on insurance coverage for reproductive health care. I applaud Mr. GRAYSON for taking action to lift these unnecessary and harmful restrictions in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. However, these restrictions exist in many other places throughout federal law. We should do away with them all. Every single year, my Republican colleagues feel the need to include provisions attacking women’s health in the Financial Services Appropriations bill. This year is no exception. As usual this year’s bill is riddled with such provisions. But this time, Republicans have taken it one step further. An amendment filed by Rep. PALMER has also been made in order on this appropriations bill. Mr. PALMER ’s amendment would prohibit Washington, DC from enforcing the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act, which the city enacted to help protect women and their families from employment discrimination based on reproductive health choices. Preventing DC from enforcing this law is egregious. It is beyond inappropriate for Congress to strike down state laws that help protect women from employment discrimination based on choices such as using birth control, undergoing in vitro fertilization, or having an abortion. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, this amendment offered by myself and my colleagues would strike section 625 of this bill and, if adopted, would allow the SEC to write regulations requiring corporations to disclose their political contributions. This amendment would not require the SEC to regulate political disclosure. It would simply allow them to do so if they deem it something that would be necessary or important so that investors and citizens and voters know where the tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions of dollars spent by corporations are going to affect the outcome of elections. The Supreme Court decision in Citizens United has opened the floodgate for corporations to spend an unlimited amount of money, affecting our democracy in ways that we, as citizens, can never find out about, that we can never determine, dramatically affecting the outcome of elections, often spending more money than any other candidate or any other political party. Knowledge is power, and the American citizens have the right to know how corporations are spending money to affect the outcome of elections. This amendment would allow the SEC to write regulations that would allow for that kind of disclosure. This democracy should not be for sale. Transparency is the key. The citizens of this country have a right to know and to understand how money is affecting the outcome of their elections. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this is the law today that he is trying to remove. The SEC doesn’t need to be engaged in politically charged, unmandated rulemakings. The language included in this bill just keeps the SEC on track. It prevents them from developing or proposing or issuing a rule that would require disclosure of political contributions in the SEC filings. Let’s call the amendment what it is. It is an endrun around the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision. The SEC has got bigger priorities to focus on, and thank goodness they have been focusing on those. They have been going after people that profit from insider trading. They are trying to stop the fraud that goes on. And the bill continues to support the SEC doing its job; protecting investors, encouraging capital formation. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chair, this is a simple amendment. It strikes a highly partisan policy rider that would bar the SEC from requiring disclosure of political spending by corporations. Since the Supreme Court’s decision in Citizens United, we have seen an explosive growth in corporate political spending. Even under the twisted interpretation of the First Amendment in that case, disclosure would at least mean some level of accountability. In that case, the Court decided that corporations get the same free speech rights as people; and now these corporations are taking advantage by funneling unlimited funds through taxexempt groups to secretly influence our elections. Section 625 of this bill would completely bar any funds from being used to develop a rule to require disclosure of political contributions to taxexempt organizations. This represents a behindcloseddoors trick to block the administration from requiring corporations to simply stand behind their political spending. Corporations shouldn’t be able to hide their political motivations behind complex webs of socalled social welfare groups, not when these groups are little more than P.O. boxes in Virginia. We have to get money out of politics, but until then, let’s have some disclosure. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. b2045 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ). Mr. SARBANES. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I want to commend Mr. KILDEE for this amendment, which promotes more accountability and transparency and disclosure at a time when that is what people are asking for. They want to know where the secret money is coming from, and they want to know where it is going. They say sunshine is the best disinfectant, but yet again, this House is acting to shield corporate and big money donors from the light of day. It is this Russian doll technique. You open the Russian doll because you think you can see what is inside, and then when you open it, there is another doll inside; and then you open that one, and there is another doll inside that one. You can never get to where the money really is. You can never find out who is actually bankrolling these huge expenditures, these TV commercials 
that are coming in, this megaphone that is taking over our politics from secret interests. All Mr. KILDEE is seeking is that we provide the transparency, the disclosure, the information that the American people are seeking. We need more of that. We need more disclosure. We need more accountability. We need more transparency. That is what the American people are demanding. That is what this amendment would do. Let’s pass this amendment and ensure that accountability in our politics. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ), the ranking member of the subcommittee. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, if I didn’t know better, I would be confused. On one hand, we cut money from the SEC because they shouldn’t be the cop on Wall Street that it should be, but then on the other hand we want to continue to cut money and prevent them from telling us where the other money is coming from, which is the one that funds elections. What is the problem with the American people knowing that such a candidate or such a committee got money from such a corporation? I want to know. They want to know. So, sure, our ratings are low. You know why our ratings are low? Because there is so much secrecy in what we do, and it shouldn’t be. This is a great amendment, and it is one that should be accepted on a bipartisan basis. Let’s stop trying to tell the SEC that they don’t exist. They exist. And I will tell you one last point that is very short. When I was chairman of this committee, they came to us and said: We don’t want any more money; we are fine. Then we found out years later why they didn’t want more money, because they didn’t want to enforce anything. We fell through into a big hole. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, fundamentally, this amendment is simply about the right of the American people to know who is influencing the elections that determine the leadership in this country. This legislation, as presented, would actually prohibit the SEC from requiring that kind of disclosure. The American people deserve a democracy that is transparent. This amendment would provide the SEC with the tools to make rules that would provide that. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, as I pointed out earlier, this is existing law. This is the law today, and they want to strike that law. I would encourage them to look up something called the Federal Election Commission. That is a place where people disclose their political contributions, and it is right there for everybody to see. So they want to take existing law that says that is not the role of the SEC; it is the role of the FEC. They want to change the law that basically, today, says the SEC has got better things to do than require—— Mr. KILDEE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CRENSHAW. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Are the corporate contributions made under the provisions that we are speaking of disclosed to the Federal Election Commission? Corporate spending under the Citizens United case, for example; are those disclosed by corporations to the FEC? Mr. CRENSHAW. Reclaiming my time, as I pointed out, I understand this is an end run about that lawsuit, but there is disclosure that takes place. And again, the law today that was added last year, part of the omnibus bill, the SEC ought to be trying to find tax cheats, they ought to be trying to find people doing insider trading, and, quite frankly, they really don’t have it high on their list of things to do because right now the law prevents them from doing that. I think it is just better to keep the law just like it is today. Reject this amendment, and vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–639. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. Ms. ESHOO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes what I believe is an unnecessary provision in the bill that would block the FCC’s net neutrality rules until the court took final action to determine their legality. The provision my amendment strikes was written before the court announced its decision. On Tuesday, June 14, the Federal appeals court issued its longawaited ruling in this case, and the decision could not be clearer. The court fully upheld the FCC’s net neutrality rules, and that is why I am offering the amendment. It found that the FCC acted within its authority, acted consistent with Supreme Court precedent, consistent with the Administrative Procedure Act, and consistent with the Constitution. Every issue raised by opponents in court was rejected, whether it was procedural or substantive. Following this clear and decisive ruling, there is simply no reason for Congress to be blocking the FCC’s rules. The courts have spoken, and legal scholars agree. I think the American people also spoke very clearly. Over 4 million offered their comments by filing them at the FCC during the rulemaking process, and the vast majority of them were in support of strong rules. This level of public input broke records at the FCC. The late Justice Antonin Scalia’s dissent in the 2005 Brand X case reflects the same commonsense view the American people expressed in their public comments. Justice Scalia said: ‘‘After all is said and done, after all the regulatory cant has been translated, and the smoke of agency expertise blown away, it remains perfectly clear that someone who sells cablemodem service is ‘offering’ telecommunications.’’ So Congress need not block these rules now in the hopes that an appeal to the Supreme Court will overturn this clear ruling, and that is why I am offering the amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it and strike what now is an unnecessary section from the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this language is merely a legislative stay on the FCC’s net neutrality order, and it is the same language that was in last year’s bill. This net neutrality rule was very, very controversial. She mentioned there were 4 million, I guess, inputs under the proposed rule. Some were for, some were against. Let me be clear. There is no dispute about the desire for a free and open Internet, but I think, when you look at the consumers, you look at the businesses, you look at government, they have benefited greatly from the absence of regulatory restrictions on the Internet. At the end of the day, this is an issue for the courts to decide. Even in light of recent circuit court decisions, litigation on this rule is no way finished. I think it is just fair in a controversial rule like this to wait until its legality has been finally determined before we implement the rule. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman really offers a lack of response to the amendment because the Federal appeals court issued a very broad decision, and it really couldn’t be clearer. I understand that this language was written before the court came out with its decision, but now that the court has, I think that this language really doesn’t mean anything unless the majority simply wants to leapfrog over the decision, even though they don’t like it and have fought it. I just don’t think that this belongs in the legislation anymore. It was put in before the court spoke, and I believe that it is appropriate to remove the language now. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SERRANO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. It strikes section 632 of the underlying bill, a controversial FCC rider that prohibits the FCC from implementing its order on net neutrality until three court cases are resolved. Yet again the majority is trying to hijack the regulatory process for its own ends. This rule went into effect almost a year ago, and none of the fears that were raised about the net neutrality rule have come to pass. There has been increased investment and profits for Internet service providers. There is no reason to continue the crusade against this rule. Although section 632 sets out to only last as long as the lawsuits are ongoing, the actual text encourages the plaintiffs in these lawsuits to do everything in their power to delay a resolution to the cases in question. Four million people wrote in about the rule that this committee is now trying to stop. The normal process of objecting to a rule would be that you go to the courts, and that already happened here. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied a petition by several telecom companies and industry trade groups to delay implementation of the Federal Communications Commission, FCC, net neutrality rules. Organizations like the Consumers Union have pointed out that there was plenty of public notice with the net neutrality rules. There was an initial notice of proposed rulemaking, an extensive description released before the FCC vote, and waiting 2 months after the Federal Register publication before the rules took effect. Throwing in an additional hurdle departs from established rulemaking practice and simply isn’t needed. Ironically, just last week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia upheld the FCC’s 2015 net neutrality rules in these cases, giving the agency unquestionable authority to regulate the Internet. b2100 Of course, they could still appeal, which demonstrates how harmful this rider is. It would delay net neutrality while the court process plays out. Blocking net neutrality means blocking an open Internet. It allows a broadband provider to block any Web site or application it wants and would allow payforpriority schemes, where all traffic is slowed down to make the way for the content of deeppocketed giants who can pay for preferential treatment. It seems to me that Republicans are trying to give corporations more freedom and options to do whatever they want while trying to place more restrictions and burdens on individual citizens, like denying them access to a free and open Internet. Section 632 is harmful to our economy, our democracy, and should be stricken from the bill. I thank the gentlewoman for her amendment, and I urge support for the amendment. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. ESHOO. I will close with these comments, Mr. Chairman. I often say to my constituents that we love our history once it has been made, but we don’t always appreciate it when we are making history. I think that this issue relative to the Internet and its entire future will be now, because of the court decision, totally uninterrupted. No company, no ISP, not anyone can block or throttle online traffic or have paid prioritization agreements that would create fast and slow lanes. Imagine if private companies owned all of the freeways in California, and every time there is an exit or an on ramp, you end up having to pay—pay for something. The court made very, very clear that the way the FCC drew up its rules is for the protection of the consumer, which is at the heart of this. I think that June 14 was a day of great history made in our country and for the betterment of it, for consumers, for competition, and for our national economy. It is with all of that in mind that I offer this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. I think it makes sense. What was in the bill was drawn up before the court spoke. The court has spoken very clearly. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, we are not here to debate the merits of the net neutrality rule. Everybody knows how controversial it was. It has been pointed out there are 4 million objections or supporters. I don’t know how they were split, but there were millions for, millions against. It just tells you how controversial it is. So all this provision says is: let’s wait until it is finally resolved. We all know that it is going to end up in the United States Supreme Court. And once it has been determined yes or no, then the FCC ought to enforce it. But until that time, it ought to be stayed through the legislative process. That is what this bill does. That is what the amendment attempts to undo. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 143, beginning on line 10, strike section 637. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would repeal an effort to undermine the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform Act and an effort to eliminate consumer protections for some of the country’s most vulnerable borrowers and invite a return to the kind of predatory mortgage practices that helped fuel the financial crisis of 2008 in the first place. The manufactured housing industry is growing and highly profitable. In fact, according to its trade association, manufactured housing—what some people might call trailer homes, but actually is accurately called manufactured housing—is an industry that has recorded shipment increases in every month since 2014. Manufactured Housing for Regulatory Reform found that 2014 marked the fifth consecutive year of annual industry productions increases. Even one of the world’s most respected investors, Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren Buffet, has been touting the profitability of manufactured housing. In a letter to shareholders, he pointed out that Clayton 
Homes, Berkshire Hathaway’s profitable manufactured housing business subsidiary, earned a total of $585 million in 2014, an increase of 34 percent over 2013. This is despite the fact that DoddFrank protections that this bill seeks to roll back were in place in 2014. Unfortunately, this is the same Clayton Homes that was the subject of a BuzzFeed and The Seattle Times and Center for Public Integrity investigation that found that this manufactured housing empire profits in every way imaginable from producing to selling, to housing, to the loans that take advantage of vulnerable consumers and leave them with virtually no way to refinance. The investigation details a story of disabled Army veteran and Clayton Homes customer, Dorothy Mansfield. Ms. Mansfield’s monthly income was less than $700, but Clayton approved her for a $60,000, 20year loan at more than 10 percent interest. The monthly payment of $673 consumed much of Ms. Mansfield’s only income—her Army disability benefit—and within 18 months of purchase, she was behind on payments and Clayton was attempting to foreclose on her home. This is precisely the kind of predatory practices that DoddFrank was enacted to stop. But today, we consider legislation that would pave the way for its return. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and oppose the predatory manufactured housing loans. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. First, just let me say that the provision the gentleman would like to strike is a provision that gives every American the opportunity to pursue what we call the American Dream—that of home ownership. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ) to tell us a little bit more about why we ought to oppose this amendment. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, and I thank the chairman for the opportunity to address that. Mr. Chair, I represent a wonderful area of east Tennessee. A lot of folks purchase manufactured homes. It is a great American industry. It is a booming industry. It is a good industry. But more important than that, that great industry is the great American Dream—that dream of home ownership. Manufactured homes offer an opportunity to men and women, many times, to purchase their first home. These are not the most affluent people in America. These are people who are pursuing the American Dream—or part of it—of home ownership. What this amendment seeks to do is unfortunate. That is why I oppose it. There is no more fervent opponent to the DoddFrank rule in this house than me, but it protects the DoddFrank provisions that were in the law. This does not violate DoddFrank. This is more of an indication of how a bad law spews more bad law. And what this does is it hurts those precious consumers, those poor Americans who are trying desperately to get credit. What it does, Mr. Chairman, is create a situation where, if someone is a loan originator or a salesman, it makes them subject to the constrictions of Dodd Frank. This was never intended on its worst day—and there are many worst days of DoddFrank—to do this. I ask this House to reject the gentleman’s amendment, uphold a great American industry—the manufactured home industry—but even more importantly, to uphold that special precious American Dream, that chance of home ownership. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOODALL ). The gentleman from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, let me just be clear. This is not a matter of whether manufactured housing is good or bad. Manufactured housing is obviously an option that Americans should have available to them. This amendment is about protecting consumers and making sure that they don’t get hit on all sides of the bargain: the sale of the home, the loan, the origination, the insurance, and all over. It is making sure that the mortgage originator is operating in the interests that they are supposed to operate in—under the definition of loan originator or mortgage originator. This requirement prevents salespeople from being incentivized to steer buyers to highercost loans. It is one thing to stand up and say: Hey, we are trying to help people reach the great American Dream, but it is quite another to say: Hey, look, yeah, great American Dream at a fair and affordable price, great American Dream at a price that people can actually afford and that is fair to the consumer. So that is what we are talking about here. I absolutely believe that if people want to live in manufactured housing, they should. Let me tell you, in my district in Minnesota, I have a lot of people who live in manufactured housing. There are a lot of success stories, too, Mr. Chairman. I can tell you about people who lived on property owned by somebody else. They bought that property that their manufactured homes were on and now it is theirs. And now they are living in much more security than they ever have. And they got a good deal. They need people who are going to be looking out after them. This is a very, very important issue, because a lot of these folks don’t have that many advocates looking out for them. We should make sure that the requirement that prevents salespeople from being able to steer buyers to highcost loans is something that we should not tolerate. It robs families who don’t have that many resources of the precious resources they have. So this is another one looking out for consumers, affirming people’s right to live in a manufactured home, if that is choice, recognizing that that is a good choice for many families, but at the same time recognizing that these same families need to be treated fairly. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman really wants people to have access to manufactured housing, then I don’t think he would be proposing this amendment. If you adopt this amendment and take out the language we have in the bill, then you are going to limit access to quality, affordable housing for an awful lot of people. That is what happens when the CFPB tries to overregulate an industry. What happens is they limit access to financing and you limit options for manufactured housing. You have got to understand that these new regulations don’t reflect the unique nature of manufactured homes; the sales process, the lenders. The lenders can’t offer small balanced loans anymore because of these regulations, and that is what they used to purchase affordable housing. So if you really care about folks and you want them to be able to access the housing market, if you really want them to be able to pursue the American Dream of owning a home someday, then you will reject this amendment and allow the provision that we put in this bill to stand. Let me once again urge that my colleagues vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 143, beginning on line 21, strike section 638. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, this is another amendment protecting consumers in manufactured housing. It strikes section 638. Section 638 weakens rules protecting buyers of mobile homes—or manufactured homes—from being sold products that can ruin them financially. It strikes language that prevents staff at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from protecting buyers of manufactured homes from highcost financing. New manufactured homes are of good quality. However, the financing of these homes has a long and sordid history of abuse. If a sitebuilt homeowner can get a mortgage for 5 percent, why should a manufactured home buyer need to pay 15 percent? If a home buyer is offered a loan of 15 percent, I think they should receive counseling that lowercost options might be available. Two years ago, I wrote letters to the heads of the major financing firms for manufactured homes. I asked them for information on their default rates. b2115 Why should a buyer of a manufactured home be charged three times more than a buyer of a sitebuilt home? I was told by their trade association that they could share that information, but only if I promised confidentiality. I declined that because I wasn’t going to be an aider and abetter to their conspiracy. This is a paradox. The manufactured housing industry wants permission to charge consumers 10 percent above prime, so 14 or 15 percent, but they are unwilling to say why. But they say it is because that is the only way to attract lenders to the market. Why do they need to charge manufactured home buyers an interest rate three times as high as that of other buyers? Manufactured home buyers deserve financing that lets them build equity in their home. Last year, the Seattle Times ran a series of articles on how the financing industry used to prey on manufactured home buyers. I am glad the Democrats created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Democrats gave the CFPB the authority to protect home buyers, including 17 million people who live in manufactured homes. We have already voted on the majority’s goal to stop the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from protecting manufactured home buyers. Last year, the majority brought forward H.R. 650 with this same language; 162 Members voted against it. President Obama issued a veto threat. The majority needs 290 votes to override a veto, and the bill only got 263. So people who want to sell buyers high fee and interest loans are trying another tack: authorizing in an appropriations bill. We should oppose their efforts on procedural grounds, but also on principle grounds. I urge support of my amendment because absolutely everybody should get a fair shot at being able to get a piece of the American Dream, which is to own their own home, including a manufactured home. But they shouldn’t have to pay three times what sitebuilt homeowners have to pay just because they might be in a slightly different situation. I know that colleagues might say: Oh, we are just standing up for the American Dream here; we are just trying to make sure people can get into a home. Well, at what price, Mr. Chairman? At what price? Three times what average sitebuilt homeowners have to pay? Three times what your average mortgage holder of a sitebuilt home might pay? I don’t think that is right. I think that we should strike the language in section 638 and should stand up for consumer justice for those people who my colleagues agree are just trying to get a piece of the American Dream. They are just trying to get a piece of the American Dream; but, as they are doing so, there are some mortgage lenders, some lenders that are taking money out of their pockets as they are trying do that. I think the Congress of the United States should stand with those consumers and not with the big companies that make out so much, that make such an exorbitant profit at their expense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, we just had a discussion earlier about access to affordable housing, manufactured homes. Manufactured homes are a little bit different, and a lot of times folks that can’t afford a house try to buy a manufactured home. And if you put some of these provisions that the CFPB has tried to put in, what you do, you end up denying those folks access to that kind of housing, and I think that is wrong. I urge Members to reject this amendment like they rejected the last amendment. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman from Minnesota’s amendment, and I thank the chairman for this time. Perhaps the only thing the gentleman from Minnesota and I agree on is that this amendment is akin to his first amendment which I vigorously opposed and I asked the House to oppose. Let me reiterate. The manufactured housing industry is a great American industry. The dream of owning a home is part of the American Dream. Manufactured housing offers an opportunity to those who are less affluent to get part of that American Dream, to buy a house. Now, what has happened—and again, DoddFrank itself, a law which, if I was in this House, I would have voted against. I wasn’t here then, but I have vigorously opposed since then—Dodd Frank actually allows what this gentleman is trying to oppose with his amendment. So as bad as this law is, and as bad as the law that has come from this very bad law is, and this amendment is indicative of that, I want to talk about what happens when we do this. This is a miscalculation in a formula by those proponents of the rules of DoddFrank, and what it does, it scares away lenders. It scares away those who want to give credit because it opens them up to liability. Therefore, what does it do? It squeezes the poor American consumer and deprives them of the opportunity to get credit; therefore, it deprives them of the opportunity to get a home; therefore, it deprives them of a part of the American Dream. If the gentleman would listen to me, I have seen this. Who will profit? Those who are vultures, who actually have capital, who have cash, who are liquid. When these mobile homes now will not sell, there will be a glut on the market, and what will happen? They will swoop in, and those people who want to see their precious home, their first home, appreciate in value, now it will depreciate in value, and they will be harmed. This is a perfect example of government overreach. DoddFrank is a bad law, and this is an attempt to try to construe DoddFrank with CFPB rules that are detrimental to the American consumer. So do not let it hurt the American Dream. Do not let it hurt this great American industry. I respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this gentleman’s amendment. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, the manufactured home industry is a growing industry that is highly profitable. There are loans to be had in this space. There is no need to allow consumers to have to pay three times—three times— what people pay for a mortgage for a sitebuilt home. This is just ringing the dinner bell on people who already are economically vulnerable. I demanded, Mr. Chairman, information that might justify these higher interest rates for manufactured home buyers, and no information was forthcoming because there is none. This is just a chance to take advantage of people who don’t have as much money as some other people. So American Dream, by all means; consumer predation, no way. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, just finally, let me say once again, we all appreciate the effort that we have to protect consumers. But you can go so far as basically to regulate people out of the opportunity to own a home, and that is what is happening with this overzealous consumer protection agency, and all we are trying to do is bring some common sense back into that. So I would urge folks to reject this amendment. Leave the bill as it is, providing an opportunity for people who maybe can’t own a great big house, but they can buy a manufactured home that might be less expensive. It might incur a little more risk since it is a mobile home, to a certain extent. Take all that into consideration, and leave the bill as it is. Reject this amendment. I urge people to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–639. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 144, beginning on line 12, strike section 639. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in support of the CFPB’s recent efforts to rein in predatory practices utilized by payday lenders across this country. I am opposed to any congressional efforts to weaken or prohibit regulations of these actors. That is why I have offered an amendment striking section 639 of the underlying bill, which prohibits funds from being used by the CFPB to enforce any regulations or rules with respect to payday loans, vehicle title loans, or other similar loans during the fiscal year 2017. I am proud to be joined by my colleagues, Representatives WATERS , ELLISON , and H INOJOSA , in offering this simple yet critically important amendment. President Obama’s visit to Birmingham, Alabama, in the heart of my district in March 2015 to announce CFPB’s efforts to address predatory lending practices was something that was very important to my constituency. During his speech, he noted that there were four times as many payday lenders in Alabama as there were McDonald’s. Additionally, there are more title loan lenders per capita in Alabama than any other State. This stark contrast not only illustrates the pervasiveness of this industry participant but, rather, underscores the critical need for stronger consumer protections to fight against unfair and abusive lending practices. Oftentimes, African Americans, Latinos, and other minority communities are especially disproportionately impacted by the cycle of longterm debt resulting from payday loans, vehicle title loans, as well as check advance loans. These lenders target our most vulnerable, fiscally underserved communities, including lowincome and elderly, while residents with limited access to traditional bank loans or credit are attracted to promises of easy access to fast cash. Predatory lending compromises the financial security of millions of Americans. It is a problem that is too big to ignore, and the CFPB’s efforts to protect these communities should be applauded rather than restricted. The CFPB’s proposed rules are not unduly burdensome. Rather, the majority of payday loans and title lenders who do not ask for any proof of income or whether the borrower has the ability to repay, that, to me, seems to be commonsense regulation. Lenders should be able to make loans to those who have the ability to repay, and asking that question doesn’t seem overly burdensome. Studies show that 69 percent of the borrowers use payday loans to meet everyday expenses such as rent, bills, medicine, and groceries. These CFPB rules would require lenders to make sure borrowers can afford to pay back the loans before giving a loan, in the same way that traditional banks do when they prepare loans. The payday lending industry should be subject to the same regulations as traditional banks when it comes to making sure that people who they are lending money to have the ability to repay. The rule would also limit the ability of lenders to access borrowers’ credit account information through automatic debiting if there are not sufficient funds initially in their checking accounts. Borrowers should not be at the mercy of predatory lending practices. CFPB’s proposed rules would strengthen consumer protections and make it harder to prey on vulnerable communities. CFPB’s proposed rules have bipartisan support and empower consumers to make better financial decisions. I understand that there are needs for shortterm cash and for smalldollar amount loans that provide consumers with this necessary access. I will continue to work with the CFPB and stakeholders to perfect this rule and create incentives for traditional and responsible lenders to enter this short term lending space; however, it is unconscionable for any Members of this body to support legislation designed to thwart efforts to protect consumers and the most vulnerable Americans. I strongly support the adoption of these proposed regulations and would continue to fight for greater consumer protections. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment which would allow for resources to be available to the CFPB to enforce these new regulations against payday lenders. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. First, just let me say the provision in question that they are trying to eliminate merely puts a pause on the CFPB’s rule until it submits a detailed report. To tell us other good reasons why we ought to reject this amendment, I yield 2 minutes to my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). Mr. MCHENRY. I thank the chairman. I thank him for his great work on this bill that he has produced tonight. And I have enormous respect for my colleague from Alabama and her concerns. At risk with this amendment is cutting off access to credit for millions of Americans. Under the plan the CFPB is considering, not only would their regulation eliminate smalldollar loans, but it could also introduce significant new underwriting expenses on every loan. The result? The very consumers that need the money the most will ultimately be left in the dark. Payday lending needs to be studied, deserves to be studied, should be considered, and carefully considered. Instead, this amendment wants the CFPB to go full bore, full steam ahead, without having thoughtfully answered the question: Where will consumers that need these loans go next? b2130 That is the deeper, harder issue. Outrage is easy. It is. But the tough part, indeed, the most important part for us as policymakers is to make sure that we get this right for those Americans— those millions of Americans—that actually need shortterm lending. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield 40 seconds to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman. The way that payday loans work is that they rely on the fact that you will borrow the money, and then you have 
an exorbitant interest rate, and then you are going to have to borrow money to repay the last loan plus a fee and the interest rate. You roll it over and you roll it over, so before you know it, your whole check is going to pay this loan. No one has ever asked you whether you could afford it. They just took advantage of your desperate situation. It makes sense for the CFPB to make sure people don’t get caught in this cycle of debt. It is the way Americans are going to get back to financial health and not be taken advantage of when they are in a vulnerable financial state. There are many alternatives. We need to be exploring those, not just doing it for payday lending. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman for yielding me time and for his great work on the underlying bill, including the provisions that are in the bill as we stand. I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. While I have great respect for my colleague from Alabama, the language that is proposed would strip bipartisan language that was inserted into the bill that merely puts a pause on the CFPB shortterm lending rule, and the result of passing this amendment would hurt millions of consumers having any access to capital. In fact, the Independent Community Bankers of America and the National Credit Union Association—who don’t agree on much—recently wrote a letter to the CFPB voicing their strong opposition to the current rule that is being proposed because they believe that it will drive them out of the shortterm credit making market and stop them from serving consumers in their local communities. In fact, even the CFPB admits that 84 percent of shortterm loan volumes will disappear as a result of this rule. That will leave millions of Americans without access to money that they might need to get emergency medical assistance, to pay for unexpected automobile repairs, or to heat or cool their home. This amendment is a problem. We need to allow the language in the bill to last. All it does is require the CFPB to provide documentation for what they are doing and show where consumers will be able to turn to meet their financial needs. This is a bipartisan amendment that is in the bill now. We should reject the Sewell Waters amendment. I urge members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment and urge them to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I want to say that I think it is really important that we not reward bad actors. I think that the fact of the matter is that lots of payday lenders— while access to credit is critically important, to reward bad behavior is not something that I think this House should be about, and I ask Members to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, nobody wants to reward bad actors. Let me just say that payday lending today is regulated at the State level. My home State of Florida has one of the most progressive and effective small dollarlending loan statutes in the country. It has become somewhat of a national example of the successful compromise between strong consumer protection and increased access to capital. So I hope that when the CFPB exercises the pause that we ask for in this bill, that they will take a look at some of the progressive laws that are around the country and they can balance that without denying folks access, as was pointed out. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama will be postponed. The Chair understands that amendment No. 18 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–639. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 193, beginning on line 23, strike section 817. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes the repeal of the District of Columbia budget autonomy referendum, which allows D.C. to spend its own local funds, consisting of local taxes and local fees, after a 30day congressional review period. Astonishingly, House Republicans appear to be so afraid of a local jurisdiction spending its local funds without the approval of a Federal body, the U.S. Congress, that they will be voting for a second time in a little over a month to repeal the referendum. D.C.’s budget autonomy referendum is in effect as I speak. The D.C. Council recently passed its first local budget pursuant to the referendum. Therefore, the repeal would be the most significant reduction in the District of Columbia’s authority to govern itself since Congress granted the city limited home rule in 1973. Smart lawyers differed about the validity of the referendum when D.C. enacted it. However, the referendum has been litigated, and there is only one judicial opinion in effect. In March, the D.C. Superior Court upheld the referendum, no appeal was filed, and the court ordered D.C. employees to implement it. Some House Republicans had either been disguising or simply mistaken in their opposition to the referendum because they are using legalistic arguments. For example, the Speaker revealed a reason that some may oppose the referendum. He said: ‘‘There are real consequences. The D.C. government wants to use revenues to fund abortions in the District. House Republicans will not stand for that.’’ Well, the Speaker was wrong about the effect of the budget autonomy referendum. Congress loses nothing under budget autonomy. Congress retains the authority to legislate on any D.C. matter, including its local budgets at any time. Mr. Chairman, this is not statehood, I am here to tell the floor this evening. The referendum is a modest attempt by a local jurisdiction to get enough control of its local funds to be able to implement its own budget soon after it is passed, like other American jurisdictions, instead of having it caught up into congressional delays that have nothing to do with our local budget. Indeed, the riders in this bill prohibiting D.C. from spending its local funds on marijuana commercialization and abortion services for lowincome women were changed from those in prior appropriations bills to apply whether or not D.C. has budget autonomy. Historically, D.C. riders applied only to funds included in appropriations bills because only appropriations bills authorized D.C. spending. In this bill, the riders apply to any D.C. funds, however authorized, including those in budgets passed pursuant to budget autonomy. The riders Congress places in D.C. appropriations bills will be untouched by budget autonomy. Local control over local dollars raised by local taxpayers is a principle muchcited by congressional Republicans and is central, if I may say so, to the American people form of government. Beyond this core principle, budget autonomy has practical benefits for the District, including lower borrowing costs, more accurate revenue and expenditure forecasts, improved agency operations, and the removal of the threat of D.C. government shutdowns because the Federal Government shuts down. D.C.’s budget is bigger than the budgets of 14 States, Mr. Chairman. It raises more than $7 billion in local 
funds. While D.C. is in a better financial position than most cities and States, with a rainyday fund of $2.17 billion on a total budget of $13.4 billion, budget autonomy would make the district economy even stronger. Why would anybody in this House oppose that possibility? The repeal of the referendum is not only bad policy, it is a blight on this country’s most revered principle—local control. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida, the chairman of the committee, for his fine work, for his friendship, and I just want to say: You will be missed. I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. This is something that we have debated for many, many hours. She knows full well what is the issue and what is not the issue, Mr. Chairman. I am here tonight to clear the record once again. To suggest that this is all just about local control and local budget autonomy missed the foundational principles of where they have this limited right in D.C. already. It goes back to our Founding Fathers and the principles found in the Constitution. It goes back to when this was debated and actually signed into law where Democrats and Republicans came together to say that we are going to give D.C. the ability to have local control over local issues with one major exception, and that major exception had to do with the appropriation of funds, and truly the power that rests and resides in this esteemed body. So to suggest that anything nefarious is happening would be to ignore not only history, but to ignore debate that has happened in this very Chamber before. The gentlewoman from D.C. has offered a number of times a bill to actually repeal this very right. So to suggest that D.C. automatically has this right to be able to have budget autonomy would go against previous arguments that the gentlewoman has made. So I am here tonight to say that not only am I in strong opposition, but this is something that we must stand up to for the integrity of this body and certainly because of the principles that our Founding Fathers laid at this incredible city that we call our Nation’s Capital, Washington, D.C. It was to preserve it in a way that allowed for this body to not only manage and appropriate, but to oversee what is the Nation’s city. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, just very briefly, I think Mr. MEADOWS said it well. The bill before us right here continues to appropriate D.C. local funds just like it has been doing for the last 43 years under Democratic and Republican majorities and Democratic and Republican administrations. So this bill is no radical departure from the past. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the gentlewoman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. b2145 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, when I became chairman of this committee in the past, I think I was the first chairman ever to say that I wanted less power rather than more power. The reason I said that was because I didn’t want to oversee the District of Columbia as chairman of the committee as one overseeing a colony. For me, that was very important, since I was born in the colony of Puerto Rico and I now represent the Bronx, New York, in Congress. So it is very personal for me that I should not do to others what I don’t like people doing to my birthplace. Let’s understand something. This is not a constitutional question any longer. In my opinion, and I have been saying this for years, this is about the ability to say that you stand for things that you really don’t stand for in your own districts. So people who can’t control the budget in their district go to the newspapers and say: I am very strong on controlling spending. And when you ask them where, they say: Oh, in the District of Columbia. And then they will tell you: I oppose the needle exchange programs. And they say: Where? We have one here. They say: Oh, but I do it in the District of Columbia. And they say: And I stop women from getting their health services in order and getting abortions. They say: But it is legal here. They say: No, but I did it in the District of Columbia. What has happened is that D.C. has become this playground for Members of Congress to say ‘‘I stand strong on these issues,’’ when, in fact, they don’t stand strong on those issues. They only stand strong on the issues of the abuse of the District of Columbia. And we will continue to do this. We will probably see it again and again and again. I mean, just look at this, and I don’t want her to feel any worse than she feels already, but she can’t vote on her own amendment today because she doesn’t have a vote. The gentleman from Puerto Rico is in a similar situation. He can’t vote on his own amendment. He sponsored a bill with Mr. DUFFY that he can’t vote on. That is the situation we have. How can we, as the greatest country on Earth—and I don’t say that in jest. I believe it. How can we go and tell countries in Latin America and the Caribbean and the Middle East to be democratic, to be supportive of democracy, and then we don’t practice it on a place down the block from us—not down the block, the place where we are situated. How can we tell Puerto Rico that it can’t deal with its own situation and yet tell Latin America that it must change its ways, and the Middle East that it must change its ways? We continuously have this contradiction, and we have to take care of it. This one is a simple one. This one is they passed a referendum, the courts spoke, Congress had an opportunity to say something stronger, it didn’t, and now it is trying to come back and make up for it by putting language in the bill where it doesn’t belong. Please, ladies and gentlemen, think of this vote not as a vote that can score you points back home, but a vote that can give people in the District of Columbia the ability to take their own money and spend it as they see fit, no different than North Carolina, than the Bronx, New York, or than any other community. Even Florida does it that way, too. I ask that you support Ms. NORTON ’s amendment. I probably can predict the outcome of it, but we will continue to fight this fight because it is right. And the same Constitution that may have said some things about D.C. that we are expanding on and overusing is the same Constitution that guarantees all of us the right to govern ourselves and to govern our resources and to govern how we behave. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . AMODEI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
member corporation involved prior to such solicitation, and that such member corporation does not approve any such solicitation by more than one such trade association in any calendar year. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds being used by the FEC to enforce the prior approval requirement for trade associations. The prior approval requirement is the requirement that trade associations must acquire written approval for Member corporations to solicit PAC donations. They must further require stockholders and member companies to only contribute to one trade association. It is a requirement in the FEC laws that is unique amongst all PACs only to those that are trade associationrelated PACs. So, therefore, the objective of the amendment is to say, out of all of the PACs out there, we do not need to treat trade associations specially. We should treat everybody the same, all PACs, including trade associations. It was a result of a law that was passed in 1978 which, I would submit to you, for the last 38 years, has been a solution in search of a problem. Mr. CRENSHAW. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. AMODEI. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I think it is a very good amendment that the gentleman has brought before us. It basically levels the playing field. It is not a partisan issue that is going to impact Democrats or Republicans. I would join him in urging adoption of this amendment. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, to quote a great American Republican, Ronald Reagan, ‘‘there you go again’’ trying not to allow things to be out in the open when they should be in the open. This is a new effort to funnel unlimited money into politics. Current law limits trade association PACs from soliciting member corporations, their stockholders, and their executives without permission from the corporation and limits these solicitations to a single trade association PAC each year. This amendment would remove these solicitation restrictions and expand the number of solicitations a stockholder or corporate executive could get. I don’t know about you, but I think most Americans are pretty sick of politically motivated fundraising emails. This would expand the number of emails that many people would get. This is just another way to empower groups, like the Chamber of Commerce, over the needs of ordinary Americans. That is not right. Last I heard, most trade association PACs were not lacking for money, and most corporations, millionaires, and billionaires had plenty of loopholes in our campaign finance system. But the gentleman from Nevada seems to think differently on both counts. This bill is not the right place to change campaign finance law, let alone to change it in a way that hurts American voters. I oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, to quote the same Ronald Reagan, ‘‘facts are stubborn things.’’ Let’s take a look at the facts here. Trade associations may give 2–1 to Republicans, since we brought up the P word for politics; however, the ones that aren’t regulated, which are labor PACs, give 9–1 to Democrats. We are not asking you to pick one or the other; we are asking you to treat them all the same. Oh, and by the way, on this very floor earlier tonight, I believe there was some discussion about we are not hiding anything. If you want to see who gave to whom, you go to the FEC Web site. So it is not a question of are we hiding something. I want to just give you a couple of more stubborn things, and then I will reserve. The top 20 PACs in the 2014 cycle were all outside the prior approval rule. The top three are EMILY’s List, SEIU, and the National Rifle Association. This is probably the first time those three outfits have been mentioned in the same sentence, but they are not required to do this. By the way, Independent Electrical Contractors and the Rural Broadband Association should enjoy the same First Amendment rights to participate, which are now prohibited by this rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I think my Reagan quote was better than the other Reagan quote, and I stand by that comment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I will concede the point that maybe your Reagan quote was better, and I want to welcome you to the Reagan quote club. We are glad to have you on board. Let me just say this. This seeks a level playing field. I think we have a 38year history. I provided some facts that I think are relevant. Nobody is seeking advantage here. It is to treat everybody the same. I believe the word is the E word, which is equality. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I think that this is one of those opportunities to insert language into an appropriations bill that doesn’t belong there. I think the gentleman, who is a very nice guy, should rethink it. Maybe he can invite us all to his home State and we can discuss it at length, or at least to the chairman’s State and we can discuss it at length, or to the Bronx to a Yankee game and we can discuss it at length. But I think that we are spending too much time here putting things in this bill that don’t belong in this bill. And we are reaching a point where we may never again see what I saw when I got here, which is the ability to see a bill stand alone and pass and get signed by the President, or, rather, what we have now where we get these omnibus bills or these continuing resolutions. We should look at that. We should look at what we are doing to the committee, what we are doing to ourselves, and what we are doing to the Nation. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–639. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit funds made available by the act from being used to implement, administer, or enforce any of the rules proposed in the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking adopted by the FCC on March 31, 2016. That is order FEC 16–39. It is intended to regulate ISP consumer privacy obligations. b2200 Mr. Chair, there are two problems with the FCC’s actions that warrant a delay in the adoption of rules by the agency. 
First, the FCC’s proposed rules are extreme and go well beyond anything they should be doing in this space, and it is a bipartisan concern. In May, Democrats BOBBY RUSH, GENE GREEN , and KURTSCHRADER joined several Republicans in a letter to all of the FCC Commissioners and voiced strong concerns that the FCC’s proposed privacy rulemaking ‘‘intends to go well beyond’’ the traditional framework that has guarded consumers from data practices of Internet service providers and ‘‘illserves consumers who seek and expect consistency in how their personal data is protected.’’ The FTC has traditionally been our government’s sole Internet privacy regulator. A dual privacy enforcement model will create confusion within the existing Internet ecosystem. The FCC simply doesn’t have the requisite technical expertise to regulate privacy. Former FTC Commissioner Joshua Wright testified before the House Judiciary Committee that the FTC has ‘‘unique expertise’’ in ‘‘enforcing broadband service providers’ obligations to protect the privacy and security of consumer data.’’ The FCC’s proposed rule would create economic harm. Former FTC Commissioner Joshua Wright, a GMU economist, recently said that there has been no economic analysis on the rule’s impact. He said, ‘‘That’s a bad thing, to be clear.’’ Let me tell you something. The fact that we have an agency that is not studying and working on the economic impact and reviewing what this is going to do to the economy is absolutely unbelievable, especially when you look at the fact that the FCC does not have the authority and expertise to move into privacy. That is the FTC’s domain and a place where they work. This new rule has caused the FTC to bring forward two dozen additional questions; the stakeholders have proposed 500 questions; and the rule is a 147page rule. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chair, Americans overwhelmingly agree that online privacy is a fundamental right. According to the Pew Research Center, a large majority of Americans wants the government to do more to protect their privacy. Consumers want a voice in how their data is shared and sold. Despite this loud cry from the American people that we in Congress do more, this amendment would do less. It would make it harder for consumers to decide how their data is treated. Let me reread the amendment: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act can be used to implement, administer, or enforce any of the rules proposed pursuant to section 222 of the Communications Act.’’ These are privacy protection rules. These are rules that are meant to protect consumers’ privacy. If this amendment becomes law, consumers will have little or no choice as to how their Internet service providers sell our most personal data. We need strong rules to protect consumers’ most sensitive information, and we need those rules to be enforced. American consumers need to choose for themselves whether their locations, their search histories, or their purchasing habits, including medical equipment, should be sold, traded, or otherwise used without their permission. I believe that consumers who consistently demand greater privacy protection online would oppose this amendment, which takes away their protections. My Republican colleagues claim that the FCC’s proposed rules for privacy protection will confuse consumers, but let’s be clear. The data shows that consumers are already confused when it comes to privacy. Just a few weeks ago, Georgetown law professor Paul Ohm testified before the Communications and Technology Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee that privacy in the U.S. has never been uniformly controlled. For example, there are sectorspecific privacy laws for consumers’ health, credit, and educational information. This is not to mention the 50–State patchwork of State privacy laws all across this country. Consumers want to be heard. They want more privacy. We have an obligation to respond to their requests by opposing this amendment. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, a couple of points here. We have a privacy regulator. It is the Federal Trade Commission. The FTC has that jurisdiction. To add the FCC is going to cause confusion as to who is in charge of what. Everyone knows that. Do we need to pass a privacy bill? Absolutely. Do we need to pass a data security bill? Absolutely. That is the responsibility of this body. It is not the responsibility of unelected bureaucrats, who are sitting down at the FCC, who come up with a 147page rule, and then they are not even looking, necessarily, at where the problem is with privacy. They are going to focus on the ISPs. They are out in front of their skis, if you will, on this one. We have a privacy regulator. It deserves to keep that authority because it has expertise in that area. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I warned my colleagues that the other side would say that this is going to be confusing to consumers, but consumers are already pretty confused about their privacy protection. In fact, I will bet that everyone in this room is confused about his privacy protection. We need a body that can put privacy protection up front and create rules that make sense and that can be enforced uniformly across the country. That is going to make customers more confident that their data is being protected. That is what we need. Mr. Chair, prohibiting the FCC from using funds to enforce any proposed privacy rules would have the effect of leaving the FCC with very little room to protect consumer privacy. I don’t think that is what Americans want. Americans want their privacy protected. If we remove all funds for enforcement capabilities from the FCC we are going to be left with no privacy protection. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, what we have is an issue of jurisdiction. The jurisdiction is with the FTC, and they have the funds, and they do a good job of this. Let them do their job. Preemption—yes, that is something that we should discuss and pass in a privacy and data security bill within this body. It should not be done by the FCC, which is saying, Hey, just trust us; just trust a Federal agency, and we will come in here and do this through the rules. It is a Big Government power grab. I think people have had enough of that. It is expensive. It is confusing. I urge support for my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–639 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. DUFFY of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. BECERRA of California. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendments En Bloc by Ms. MOORE  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. HIMES of Connecticut. Amendment No. 11 by Mr. DEFAZIO of Oregon. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. GRAYSON  of Florida. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. KILDEE of Michigan. 
Amendment No. 14 by Ms. E SHOO of California. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 17 by Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Amendment No. 19 by Ms. NORTON of the District of Columbia. Amendment No. 20 by Mr. AMODEI of Nevada. Amendment No. 21 by Mrs. BLACK BURN of Tennessee. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 245, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Brooks (IN) Buchanan Clarke (NY) Delaney Ellmers (NC) Gallego Hastings Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield b2231 Mr. REED, Mrs. BLACK, Messrs. PALAZZO, HOLDING, WALDEN, CARTER of Georgia, and HUNTER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 357, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 166, noes 254, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Buchanan Cole Delaney Ellmers (NC) Gallego Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2236 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2240 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 236, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Griffith Grijalva Hastings LaMalfa Nadler Nugent Ruppersberger Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2243 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 243, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2247 So the en bloc amendments were rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 238, not voting 12, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Palazzo Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2251 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 128, noes 294, not voting 11, as follows: 
Amash Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Burgess Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fudge Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanna Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hudson Huffman Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kirkpatrick Labrador Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Meeks Mica Mulvaney Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Palmer Payne Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Rangel Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Sires Slaughter Stewart Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Latta Lawrence LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2255 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 177, noes 245, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2258 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 236, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2301 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 238, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Sires Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield Zeldin 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2304 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 255, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2308 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 162, noes 255, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 368] AYES—162 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—16 
Becerra Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Lee Love Meeks Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Van Hollen Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2310 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 240, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2313 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 238, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Brat Buchanan Buck Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2316 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 370, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yes,’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . AMODEI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 185, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 371] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Buchanan Crawford Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Rigell Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2319 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 187, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Hurt (VA) Issa Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield Zinke 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2322 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. WOODALL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 803 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4361. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) kindly take the chair. b2325 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–666 offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN) had been postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–666 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 3 by Ms. NORTON of the District of Columbia. Amendment No. 5 by Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN of New Jersey. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2328 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 243, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2331 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 803, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. THOMPSON of California. I am, in its current form. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Thompson of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4361 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendments: Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
If any provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason in any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Act and amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendment to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. TITLE I—ENSURING THAT ALL INDIVIDUALS WHO SHOULD BE PROHIBITED FROM BUYING A GUN ARE LISTED IN THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and biannually thereafter, the Attorney General shall make the National Instant Criminal Background Check System index statistics available on a publically accessible Internet website. 
The amendments made by this title shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE II—PROVIDING A RESPONSIBLE AND CONSISTENT BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS 
The purpose of this title is to enhance the current background check process in the United States to ensure criminals and the mentally ill are not able to purchase firearms. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Commission on Mass Violence Act of 2016’’. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission and any agency of the Federal Government assisting the Commission in carrying out its duties under this title such sums as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this title. Any sums appropriated shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. My motion to recommit would incorporate into the underlying legislation H.R. 1076, a bipartisan measure of no fly, no buy, and H.R. 1217, another bipartisan bill to strengthen our background check system for gun sales. These bills are common sense. They are bipartisan. They respect the Second Amendment. I am a gun owner. If these bills did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on them. Most importantly, they would help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them: terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. H.R. 1076 was introduced by our Republican colleague PETER KING. This bill says that if you are on the FBI’s terrorist nofly list then you don’t get to walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and leave with a gun or guns of your choosing. If there is one thing both sides of the aisle should be able to agree on it is keeping guns from suspected terrorists, and 181 Members of this House have signed the petition to force an upordown vote on the bill. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote on this legislation. The second bill, H.R. 1217, is a bipartisan, proSecond Amendment bill that would close dangerous loopholes in our background check system that allow criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill to bypass a background check and purchase guns online, at gun shows, or through classified ads. The bill has 186 bipartisan coauthors. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote on this legislation. These are the bills the American people want to see enacted into law as 85 percent of Americans favor banning individuals on the nofly list from being able to buy a gun, and 90 percent of Americans support strengthening and expanding our background check system. We have been calling for a vote on this bipartisan legislation to reduce gun violence for 31⁄2years. It was that long ago that 20 elementary school kids and six educators were shot to death at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. For reasons that I will never understand, that horrific tragedy was not enough to convince the Republican leadership that something needed to be done to prevent the next tragedy. Sadly, in the 3
1⁄2years that the Republicans have refused to vote on legislation to keep guns out of dangerous hands, our country has lost far too many innocent lives to gun violence. Let me give you some numbers: 3
1⁄2, the number of years it has been since Sandy Hook; 34,000, the number of people killed by someone with a gun since Sandy Hook; 1,182, the number of mass shootings since Sandy Hook; 30, the number of moments of silence since Sandy Hook; 521, the number of legislative days since Sandy Hook; most importantly, the number zero. That is the number of votes we have taken in this House to keep guns out of dangerous hands. That is shameful. Congress has a responsibility to take action to keep our communities safe from gun violence. With this motion, our Republican colleagues have an opportunity right here, right now, to vote on these bills. We are here to represent and to fight for the people we have the privilege to serve. The overwhelming majority of American people wants to see their elected representatives take action to help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them: terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. This debate isn’t a choice between respecting the Second Amendment or reducing gun violence. It is about Congress doing both. Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for the Republican leadership to give us a vote on this proSecond Amendment, progun safety legislation. We can’t allow mass gun violence, followed by moments of silence and no action, to become America’s new normal. We can’t wait for more innocent lives to be cut short by someone who has used a gun. We need to pass this motion and help spare families the pain of losing a loved one to gun violence. Give us a vote. Pass this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. b2340 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I raise a point of order against the motion because the instruction contains matter in the jurisdiction of a committee to which the resolution was not referred, thus violating clause 7 of rule XVI which requires an amendment to be germane to the measure being amended. The committee of jurisdiction is a central test of germaneness; therefore, I must insist on the point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Are there any other Members who wish to speak on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from Utah makes a point of order that the instructions proposed in the motion to recommit offered by the gentleman from California are not germane. The bill addresses operational and administrative aspects of Federal agencies, including information technology management, governmentwide rulemaking restrictions, and sundry personnel matters. The instructions in the motion to recommit address, in part, adjudication of veterans under title 38, United States Code. Among the fundamental principles of germaneness is that an amendment must confine itself to matters that fall within the jurisdiction of the committees with jurisdiction over the pending measure. The bill, as amended, falls within the legislative jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on the Judiciary. The instructions contained in the motion to recommit address subject matter within the legislative jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. The Chair would note that the relevant portion of the text of the instructions contained in the motion to recommit is similar in form to the bill, H.R. 1217, which was referred in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By addressing a matter within the jurisdiction of a committee not represented in the bill, the instructions propose an amendment that is not germane. The point of order is sustained. The motion is not in order. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if arising without further proceedings in recommittal. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 182, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 44 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thursday, July 7, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2646. A bill to make available needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–667, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CARTER of Texas: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5634. A bill making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–668). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee of Conference. Conference report on S. 524. An act to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use Rept. 114–669). Ordered to be printed. [Filed on July 7 (legislative day of July 6), 2016] Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 809. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–670). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means and Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2646 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. D ELBENE (for herself, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. K ILMER): H.R. 5628. A bill to accelerate the use of wood in buildings, especially tall wood buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. HUNTER ): H.R. 5629. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a California New River restoration program to build on, and help coordinate funding for, restoration and protection efforts relating to the New River, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5630. A bill to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to apply certain procedures before granting a certificate 
of public convenience and necessity for a proposed pipeline project, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H.R. 5631. A bill to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Ways and Means, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Mr. COURT NEY, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. R IBBLE ): H.R. 5632. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to provide payments to communities in which a nuclear power plant that has ceased generating electricity and that stores spent nuclear fuel onsite is located, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5633. A bill to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. NADLER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. KIND, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. KILDEE ): H.R. 5635. A bill to promote effective registered apprenticeships, for skills, credentials, and employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. POSEY , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5636. A bill to increase the effectiveness of and accountability for maintaining the physical security of NIST facilities and the safety of the NIST workforce; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself, Mr. PALMER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.R. 5637. A bill to prevent a fiscal crisis by enacting legislation to balance the Federal budget through reductions of discretionary and mandatory spending; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. MOOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5638. A bill to provide for the establishment at the Department of Energy of a Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MOOLENAAR (for himself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. POSEY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. TONKO , and Mr. G RAYSON ): H.R. 5639. A bill to update the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. MOOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5640. A bill to provide for the establishment at the Department of Energy of an Electricity Storage Basic Research Initiative; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 5641. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 in order to improve career and technical education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5642. A bill to provide adequate resources for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the VALOR Officer Safety Initiative; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5643. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for active shooter and mass casualty incident response assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5644. A bill to authorize the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Education, to establish a pilot program to make grants to historically Black colleges and universities to provide educational programs to offenders who have recently been, or will soon be, released from incarceration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5645. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for Alzheimer’s disease research; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 5646. A bill to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of another person, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 5647. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain ridesharing services provided by transportation network companies as excludable transportation fringe benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 5648. A bill to authorize an individual who is transitioning from receiving treatment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to continue receiving treatment from such individual’s mental health care provider of the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself and Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 5649. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prohibit any military aircraft provided for the use of the President from being used to transport a candidate for election for Federal office to a campaign event; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mrs. DINGELL ): H.R. 5650. A bill to amend the Pittman Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to make funds available for management of fish and wildlife species of greatest conservation need as determined by State fish and wildlife agencies; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. RUSH): H. Con. Res. 141. Concurrent resolution providing official recognition of the massacre of 11 AfricanAmerican soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion of the United States Army who had been captured in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge on December 17, 1944; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. HONDA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. MICA): H. Res. 808. A resolution calling on the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to release IranianAmericans Siamak Namazi and his father, Baquer Namazi; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. D ELBENE: H.R. 5628. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 5629. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5630. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 & 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MCCARTHY: H.R. 5631. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DOLD: H.R. 5632. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3. By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause I of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 5636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5638. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any, Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H.R. 5639. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 5640. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 5641. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5642. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5643. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5644. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5648. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof’’. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 5649. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5650. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. H URD of Texas. H.R. 188: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 194: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 225: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 226: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 244: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 250: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 303: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P AULSEN, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 335: Mr. WELCH and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 410: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 430: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 448: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 499: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 539: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 546: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 556: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 670: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. KLINE, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 729: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 752: Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 775: Mr. LYNCH and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 800: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 842: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 879: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 921: Mr. WOODALL and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 923: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 997: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1062: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1095: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1112: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 1247: Ms. BASS. H.R. 1248: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1358: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 1380: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1421: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 1427: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 1453: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1459: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1530: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1538: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1865: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2096: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2156: Mr. HURDof Texas. H.R. 2216: Mr. VARGAS and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2237: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 2311: Mr. POCAN and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2348: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 2362: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. C APUANO. H.R. 2403: Mr. CLEAVER and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 2404: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2434: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 2500: Mr. VELA. H.R. 2628: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 2698: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 2712: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2726: Mr. PETERS and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 2805: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 2817: Mr. CARNEY . 
H.R. 2871: Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 2889: Mr. PALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2903: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 2948: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2962: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 2963: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 2994: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 3012: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 3048: Mr. VELAand Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 3051: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 3084: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia. H.R. 3099: Ms. NORTON , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi gan, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. TONKO . H.R. 3119: Ms. ESTY, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3250: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3268: Mr. MCHENRY . H.R. 3294: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3308: Mr. HIMES, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M ILLERof Florida, and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 3406: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3411: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 3471: Mr. HURDof Texas, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 3546: Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. NORTON , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 3667: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 3683: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 3733: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 3742: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3765: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3815: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 3829: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 3849: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4043: Mr. NOLAN , Mr. R USH, and Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4137: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 4141: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4165: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 4177: Mr. JOLLY and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4184: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4212: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 4225: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4237: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 4247: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4335: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4374: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 4399: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4450: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4463: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4480: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4514: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4519: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4584: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4616: Ms. DELBENE and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4621: Ms. LEE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. BEATTY , and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 4626: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 4653: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4664: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4695: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4715: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4730: Mr. MCCAULand Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4766: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4770: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 4792: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4816: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4828: Mr. BURGESS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. WALBERG , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 4848: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4880: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 4893: Mr. ROUZER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4955: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 5001: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia H.R. 5015: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5025: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 5064: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 5082: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 5091: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 5094: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5104: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5137: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5167: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 5177: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 5180: Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. BILIRAKIS , and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 5182: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. LANCE . H.R. 5187: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 5213: Mr. HUELSKAMP , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. TIPTON , and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 5230: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 5254: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5271: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 5272: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 5282: Ms. NORTON , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5292: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. MATSUI , and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 5301: Mr. GRAYSON and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 5319: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5337: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 5369: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5396: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5410: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5440: Mr. MULVANEY and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5446: Mr. FARR. H.R. 5457: Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. LAMALFA , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 5467: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5474: Mr. FARR, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. POCAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5486: Mr. COLE. H.R. 5488: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 5496: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 5501: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5506: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 5513: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5523: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5527: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 5557: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 5561: Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 5572: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 5578: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 5587: Mr. KLINE, Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5594: Mr. BARR, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. WILLIAMS , and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 5595: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 5613: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5619: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 5620: Mr. HUELSKAMP . H.J. Res. 47: Mr. DENTand Ms. L OFGREN . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.J. Res. 52: Mr. NEALand Ms. G RAHAM . H.J. Res. 87: Mr. MICA, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. ROSS. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. LYNCH and Mr. R OHRABACHER . H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. ZINKE and Mrs. TORRES . H. Con. Res. 132: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. POCAN , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  of California, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. PETERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis sissippi, Ms. MOORE , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. ISRAEL . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. TIBERI , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. MEADOWS . H. Res. 220: Mr. BOSTand Mr. G RAYSON . H. Res. 591: Mr. TROTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. GUTHRIE . H. Res. 617: Mr. ROUZER . H. Res. 625: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 647: Mr. TIPTON and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California. H. Res. 650: Mr. BUCK. H. Res. 675: Mr. DESAULNIER . H. Res. 681: Mr. COHEN . H. Res. 686: Mr. RANGEL . H. Res. 728: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 729: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. ROSS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. F OXX, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. BECERRA , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Ms. STEFANIK . H. Res. 750: Mr. HARRIS . H. Res. 753: Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. H AHN, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. NORTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. MOORE , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M ENG, Mr. K EATING , Mr. TONKO , Ms. E STY, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. DESAULNIER . H. Res. 777: Mr. O’ROURKE . H. Res. 780: Mr. KEATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. CAPUANO . H. Res. 782: Mrs. DINGELL . H. Res. 804: Mr. ELLISON . H. Res. 807: Mr. MCGOVERN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. CHAFFETZ  The provisions of H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform do not contain any congressional earmakrs, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
73. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution that would prohibit the consideration of race and ethnicity in hiring decisions by the 
federal, state, and local levels of government, as well as in the granting admission to students applying at taxpayerfunded colleges and universities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 74. Also, a petition of the County Legislature, Orange County, New York, relative to Resolution No. 85 of 2016, supporting Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy for treatment of traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 75. Also, a petition of County Legislature, Orange County, New York, relative to Resolution No. 91 of 2016, supporting H.R. 4654 ‘‘Keeping Communities Safe Through Treatment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: H.R. 5538 OFFERED BY : MR. ENGEL  AMENDMENT NO. 1: AT THE END OF THE BILL  
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4777 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 2016 No. 108 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 