Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Civil Air Patrol Captain Guy Loughridge of Steamboat Springs, Colorado. Captain Loughridge has been a volunteer for Colorado and the United States of America for over 35 years. He began his service to the state of Colorado and our country in 1981, as a member of the Routt County Search and Rescue team, where he served for 17 years. Captain Loughridge’s contributions to the search and rescue community have had profound impacts. He developed radar forensic software and trained radar analysts to locate missing and downed aircraft. He decided to forgo his forprofit software business venture, and instead, volunteer his time to the Civil Air Patrol to help further develop his radar forensic software. This led him to create the National Radar Analysis Team (NRAT), which became a squadron under National Headquarters of the Civil Air Patrol. Today this program operates all across the U.S. and finds around 40 aircraft each year, saving as many as ten lives each year. Mr. Speaker, stories of Captain Loughridge’s hard work and dedication to serving his community and country are countless. I proudly stand with the residents of Routt County and the United States to thank Captain Loughridge for his lifetime of service. His work has saved many lives and forever changed the Search and Rescue and Aviation communities in our great Nation. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and steadfast Army National Guardsman. Major Dana W. Graf has distinguished himself through his professional character and dedication to serving this Nation in both military and civilian capacity. A leader and expert communicator, he has served both me and our country well while assigned to the National Capitol Region. As an Army Legislative Fellow on my personal staff in 2014, Major Graf performed his duties deftly. His strategiclevel thinking and foresight contributed to the completion of numerous highlevel tasks and engagements. Following his Fellowship on the Hill, he was assigned to the National Guard Bureau Office of Legislative Liaison from January 2015 to December 2016. During this assignment, Major Graf conducted more than 230 meetings with Congressional staff. In addition to those meetings, he also led 50 direct engagements between Army National Guard senior leaders, which were essential in conveying important messages on behalf of the Department of Defense and building trust and understanding with Members of Congress and their staff. After serving almost four years in the legislative environment, Major Graf will move onto his next assignment in the State of Kansas and continue to honor our nation as a true citizensoldier. Dana, his supportive wife Laura, and their three children have sacrificed much as a family in service to our nation. I salute this American patriot whose selfless service has country safe and strong. Godspeed, Dana. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in reluctant opposition to S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (WIIN), a bill which reauthorizes water infrastructure projects and includes authorizing language regarding Flint aid. First, let me acknowledge Congressman DANKILDEE , who has worked tirelessly to bring justice to the Flint families. His work and the work of the Michigan delegation, is essential to ensuring the people of Flint have the resources that they need to recover. Mr. Speaker, while I strongly support that this bill included $170 million for Flint and other communities impacted by lead to replace water infrastructure and provide needed health care, I am deeply concerned about the poison pill California drought rider. This shameful rider would gut environmental protections in California’s BayDelta, threatening thousands of fishing jobs, water quality, and endangered species. This harmful rider also fails to adequately address critical elements of California’s complex water challenges and will only worsen the effects of the drought. Mr. Speaker, it is completely unacceptable to hold Flint funding hostage to this antienvironmental rider. Since the beginning of this crisis, I have long supported providing robust funding for the families in Flint. And let me also say that I was part of a Congressional Delegation that traveled to Flint, Michigan to listen to the residents regarding the horrendous impact of these government decisions that led to the poisoning of those on children and families. However, while this bill does include funding for Flint, Republicans played partisan politics by inserting a poison pill drought rider, and sadly I cannot support it. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mr. George Hayden as he celebrated his 80th birthday on December 11, 2016. George’s commitment to his family, employees, and neighbors has been nothing short of inspiring, and his lasting impact in my hometown of Hazleton will be felt for generations to come. Countless Hazleton residents call George Hayden a personal friend, and I am certainly among them. People at home know that I am a big fan of the New York Yankees, and that George is a fan of their archrival Boston Red Sox. Despite this, George and I remain friends to this day, and enjoy claiming bragging rights based on which team won the last game they played against each other. George graduated from Pennsylvania State University with a degree in electrical technology in 1960 and later put that expertise to use as an electrician with the Coast Guard and Navy Reserves. Later, while working as a plant engineer, George and his wife, Florence, began to realize a lifelong dream of owning their own business. While Florence managed the finances, George assembled a small crew of electricians and started Hayden Electric, which eventually grew to include a team of sixty professionals that work both across the country and internationally. When his family was young, George developed a habit of taking them to Wendy’s restaurants, which they enjoyed tremendously. So in 1987, he opened a new Wendy’s near Laurel Mall in Hazleton, later expanding to three additional Wendy’s in downtown Hazleton, Drums, and Mt. Pocono. After seeing the positive impact on his business and the community, George and Florence started Citiscape, Inc. in 2004 with the goal of revitalizing downtown Hazleton by buying and restoring office and retail spaces for new and expanding businesses. George is most known for his unwavering commitment to his family and the community at large. He has been active throughout the years with the American Cancer Society, the Greater Hazleton Chamber of Commerce, the Hazleton Rotary Club, and the Holy Trinity Church. George has also served on the boards of Security Savings, First Federal Bank, and Penn State Hazleton, among many others. To support their strong belief in the value of education, he and his wife established The Pennsylvania State University Florence L. and George J. Hayden Scholarship Fund, so that the next generation of aspiring students can achieve their dreams of receiving a college degree. Mr. Speaker, with so many successful undertakings throughout his life, it is my honor to recognize Mr. George Hayden as he celebrates his 80th birthday with his wife, Florence, five children, George, Marybeth, Theresa, James, and Alicia, and his 17 grandchildren. On behalf of my constituents, I wish him and his family all the best as they continue to hold such a special place in our Northeastern Pennsylvania community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a great man who has made a positive impact in the life of every American—Leon Billings. Today, the air we breathe and the water we drink is cleaner and healthier because of Leon Billings. He may not be known to many, but his work as an architect of key environmental laws has saved countless lives. Leon’s instinct to stick up for the underdog was undoubtedly shaped during his years growing up as the son of two journalists in Big Sky country in Missoula, Montana. His parents were editors for a weekly newspaper, The People’s Voice, which was owned by a farmerlabor cooperative that provided the counterpoint to the daily papers controlled by the Anaconda Mining Company. Above his father’s column was the quotation: ‘‘The hottest place in hell is reserved for those who, in a time of moral crisis, refuse to take a stand.’’ Leon lived by that creed; it was in his DNA. In my time serving with Leon, he was always a crusader for justice; always speaking out for the public interest against excessive corporate greed and unchecked power; standing up against bigotry and hate. I first got to know Leon Billings through Maryland politics, when we served together in the Maryland House of Delegates. By that time, Leon was already a legend in the national environmental community. As a top staffer to Senator Ed Muskie, he had helped craft the landmark Clean Air and Clean Water Acts. That legislation was forged through constant clashes with powerful special interests that wanted to put their profits over the public health. Leon, a brilliant strategist, is credited with working across party lines to erect the pillars of many of our key environmental laws. Leon Billings brought that same passion for taking on powerful special interests to the Maryland legislature, where he stood up for consumers in battles with the utility industry and fought for state environmental and consumer protections. I will fondly remember the many battles we waged together in the Maryland legislature. Leon’s successes were due in large part to a special mixture of passionate advocacy and a nononsense manner that was sometimes unsettling to the uninitiated, but always deployed for a good cause. Those who knew Leon understood that his sometimes gruff exterior was primarily reserved for the big shots who tried to enrich themselves by stomping on others. At his core, Leon was a very gentle soul; a plain speaking, compassionate man with a heart as big as Montana. As we confront an incoming Administration that is looking to turn back the clock on Leon’s work and erode the laws that have protected clean air, clean water, and public health for a generation, we must govern by Leon’s example and stand up for the little guy against the special interests. We must be fierce defenders of the American public and its resources, and protect the right to clean air and healthy waterways. Leon Billings waged battles on behalf of every American. I will miss my friend Leon, but pledge to continue his good work on behalf of all Americans. f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN LESZCZYNSKI FOR 30 YEARS OF DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE SOUTH BEND COMMUNITY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding service that John Leszczynski has dedicated to the South Bend community. For 30 years and on behalf of four 
mayors, John has served on the Transpo Board of Directors. He leaves the Board in January having led the agency through a period of great change and challenge. His public service began when he served as the Public Works Director for the City of South Bend. John established himself as a public servant with undeniable character and integrity. Then, after joining the engineering firm the Troyer Group, John spent 30 years as a volunteer serving on the Board of Directors of Transpo, the transit agency for South Bend and Mishawaka. Over his 30 years on the Transpo Board of Directors, John was Chairman for 10 years and led the planning committee for most of his time on the Board. When he leaves the Transpo Board in January, he will leave behind a legacy that will be with us for years to come. That legacy includes the development of the ‘‘Lucky Reznik’’ Operations Center. Transpo’s headquarters was the first LEED transit facility to be awarded a platinum designation. This outstanding facility has received national recognition and serves our community well. John led Transpo’s decision to replace its dieselfueled bus fleet with compressed natural gas buses. As Transpo’s fleet neared the end of its useful life, John initiated a review to determine the most costeffective and environmental fuel for the new buses. But, as is characteristic of John’s leadership, he developed a plan to develop CNG as a resource not only for Transpo, but also for the City of South Bend. Today, the City and Transpo share a refueling facility. Under John’s leadership, Transpo adopted a major bus route restructuring with the installation of new bus stops and the first bus shelters in Transpo’s history. The new route system and shelters improve performance and offer better service and comfort to the thousands who depend on Transpo every day. Throughout his tenure, John offered quiet, modest leadership that brought people together and exemplified the ‘‘South Bend’’ way. At all times, he approached his duties understanding that the opportunity to serve is an honor and an obligation that must be conducted with the highest sense of duty. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to John Leszczynski for his accomplishments and service to the community of South Bend. I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing John for his tireless dedication and hard work as a member of the Transpo Board of Directors, and I want to wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, The following consists of the joint explanatory statement to accompany H.R. 6480, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (‘‘Joint Explanatory Statement’’). 
EXPLANATION OF LEGISLATIVE TEXT  There are important differences between H.R. 6480 and a prior version of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, H.R. 6393. Because most of the provisions contained in H.R. 6480 are substantively identical to those in H.R. 6393— save for changes to section numbers—this Joint Explanatory Statement dispenses with a full sectionbysection analysis and explanation of the text for H.R. 6480. Instead, the Agreement reiterates, and incorporates herein by reference, the sectionbysection analysis and explanation of the text for H.R. 6393 found at pages H7041 to H7043 of the Congressional Record for November 30, 2016, except as follows: Provisions of H.R. 6480 not included in H.R. 6393 Section 3. This section provides that this Joint Explanatory Statement shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this H.R. 6480 as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. Section 306. The section directs the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to implement a multisector workforce initiative to improve the management of the workforce of the intelligence community, achieve appropriate ratios of government and contract workers, and establish processes for such ratios to be built and maintained. The section provides that personnel caps for IC components will be eliminated during a trial period in Fiscal Years 2017 and 2018. Absent further congressional action, at the start of Fiscal Year 2019, the trial period will sunset and personnel caps will be restored. Section 308. This section requires the DNI to issue and release guidance regarding engagements between the entertainment industry and the IC. Section 312. This section directs the Department of Homeland Security to establish a program to provide assistance to covered critical infrastructure, in order to reduce the risk of regional or national catastrophic harm caused by cyberattacks against such infrastructure. Provisions of H.R. 6393 not included in H.R. 6480 Section 308. Modification of certain whistleblower procedures. Section 421. Clarification of authority, direction, and control over the information assurance directorate of the National Security Agency. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR: KEEPING THE HISTORY ALIVE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, 7 December, I was privileged to participate in the Congressional commemoration breakfast of the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor with the Friends of the National World War II Memorial. The following are my remarks to honor that solemn occasion: 
Good morning. Chairman Bunting, thank you so very much and to all you Americans for being here today and helping us commemorate, honor and remember. It really is a distinct privilege to share with you today the remembrance of December 7th 1941, and I must say as we listen to the news reports and the discussion commemorations and so forth, I’ve actually been—I love this country so much and this vision for all people to live in freedom and to see the American people, and what they’re doing to honor this memory and our heritage. You are all here because of what happened 75 years ago, December 7th 1941. I’ve seen on television this week ceremonies this afternoon and we’re actually teaching the new generation by your presence here today. This, the day that honors the 2,403 US citizens and service members who were killed at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii in a surprise attack by Imperial Japan that triggered U.S. entry into WWII one day later. I want to thank Chairman Bunting for your leadership—you don’t have to do this, you could be on some golf course somewhere—and all the Friends of the WWII Memorial for organizing not only this breakfast but all the events this week. Many of our schools no longer teach this history, and so your work is even more important. We honor with your presence those Americans who so justly deserve history’s keen memory. Thank you to Superintendent of the National Mall, Gay Vietzke, for helping us make these arrangements today. I understand that Congressman Morgan Griffith, from the great state of Virginia is also here—thank you so very much. And importantly, I want to welcome our World War II veterans, and particularly Pearl Harbor survivors and their families with us this morning. If any of you wish to just raise your hand—thank you! What a truly historic occasion it is to be with you—our nation owes our liberty to your courage, to your patriotism and to your sacrifice. In an earlier era, President Abraham Lincoln wrote a letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby, that’s become pretty famous, a widow living in Boston and thought to have lost five sons during the Civil War, and President Lincoln wrote to her: ‘‘The solemn pride that must be yours to have laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.’’ These words apply to those of you who remember and whose families have sacrificed because of Pearl Harbor and WWII. Today, again, a grateful nation remembers the solemn events of December 7th, 1941, another time of national testing. We recognize American heroes who rose out of the ashes to lead our country to triumphant victory. On that fateful day, Imperial Japan’s surprise attack on the Pacific Fleet also destroyed almost 20 ships and over 300 planes in just two hours. The attack on Pearl Harbor served not only as the catalyst driving America to war, but also as a great rallying cry to our people—overriding any hesitation and instilling grim determination to see the mission through, no matter the cost—and the cost was the greatest the world had ever seen. The story of that morning is filled with examples of the finest America has to offer— Sailors risking their own lives to save their shipmates, nurses tending the wounded as bombs continued to drop and machine guns sprayed the buildings. It is the story of young men, never before challenged on the field of battle, taking up arms to defend their ship, their comrades and their country. It is the story of America—a country that, when knocked down, never gets knocked out, and always gets back up and wins the fight. Exactly one day after the attack, by a vote of 82 to 0 in the Senate, and 388–1 in the House, the United States declared war on Imperial Japan. Three days after that, Congress declared war on the Axis Powers, Germany and Italy, as the United States—President Roosevelt’s ‘‘great arsenal of democracy’’—engaged in war on two fronts. That vote, to send America’s sons and daughters across an ocean, to fight an enemy, knowing they may not come home is the hardest vote of any Member of Congress’s life. While we cannot know exactly what those men and women of 1941 were thinking, we can understand their feelings, their hesitations, and their desire to seek justice for the innocent Americans who lost their lives that day. In many of my travels, I’ve had an opportunity to work with members of the Japanese Diet, and I got to be friends with some of them, and I finally had the mustard one day to ask one of them: ‘‘Could you please explain to me why you bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7th 1941?’’ It was a hard question for me to ask, but the answer came back: ‘‘to stop colonialism in the Pacific.’’ And I said ‘‘Thank you so much that we can be honest with one another. That we can talk about what happened in that period of time.’’ We ignore those exchanges. Those of you involved in education, in historical associations like Friends of the WWII Memorial, we simply can’t dialogue enough in this day and age. Many of those who survived that fateful morning continued to serve in the military. 
Millions more joined them, in uniform and on the home front here, taking on the herculean task of evicting Japanese forces from the Pacific Theater, an awesome undertaking by any measure. But island by island, the US military and our allies achieved victory in some of the bloodiest and hardest fought and sometimes underreported battles, of modern military history. Veterans of this harsh theater, survivors of Bataan, Iwo Jima and Okinawa, became a living history of the cost of war, and the greatness of unified American willpower. As General MacArthur said later in the ultimate surrender of Imperial Japanese ceremony radio address, the war taught us both ‘‘the bitterness of defeat and the exultation of triumph, and from both we have learned there can be no turning back. We must go forward to preserve in peace what we won in war.’’ And indeed, America has been about that task, even before my lifetime; well maybe just as my lifetime started and probably yours too! The memorial at the USS Arizona, the Punch Bowl in Hawaii, where I have been honored to place wreaths in the Pacific on behalf of our country, and the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific are permanent memorials to those gave their lives for us and for the values of our country at Pearl Harbor. It is in this spirit that the Punch Bowl in Hawaii as well as the World War II Memorial here in our Nation’s capital were created—to not only pay tribute to those who served heroically in uniform or steadfastly on the home front, but to preserve the lessons learned and act as places of living history. They teach future generations about the sacrifices of those gone before, and serve as places of remembrance to the Service Members and their families who gave so much. And even though we dedicated and opened the WWII Memorial here in the year 2004, I am still about the task of trying to work with the Government of the United States to augment the historical collections that are so very, very important to honoring those who gave us their substance. It is not an easy task. We’re working with the Library of Congress—I just want to make you aware of this. We have a veterans’ history project where many Americans like you volunteered their time to collect the stories of individual veterans. We have a special place for these at the Library of Congress and our task is not finished. One of those veterans was a man named Roger Durbin. He was an Army tank mechanic who fought in Europe in the Battle of the Bulge under General Patton’s Third Army. He was a jovial and rather outspoken Ohioan who after the war served as a rural letter carrier and township trustee in the Congressional District that I represent. It was Mr. Durbin, who, almost a quarter century ago, in 1987, in a place called Jerusalem Township, Ohio, at a fish fry of township trustees, shouted across a room like this to me, ‘‘Hey Congresswoman Kaptur! Why is there no World War II memorial in Washington, D.C.?’’ Well, I looked across the room and I saw this kind of sturdy man, not young, with rimless glasses, standing like this—I’ll never forget it. I had a plate of fish—I was caught off guard and I thought ‘I can’t believe this is happening’ because everyone in the room of course fell silent, as they watched this confrontation. I stood there and said ‘‘Sir, I think there is one.’’ And he said ‘‘Oh yeah—where is it?’’ So I said ‘‘Iwo Jima’’ and he said ‘‘Wrong! That’s to one battle and one service.’’ ‘‘Well it must be Arlington.’’ ‘‘Wrong!’’ And the more I thought about it—and I was a student of history—I came back to my office and wrote a letter to the Smithsonian, and to the Department of Defense and several weeks later the letters of reply came back, I was standing by my desk and I opened the letter and he was right! One American, he had travelled the world and he had looked at what other countries had done to honor those who fought in World War II—and, he was right. And that began a seventeenyear quest to complete the WWII Memorial here in our nation’s capital. Think what one citizen can do. And this is the way Congress should work—often doesn’t. But where a citizen of our country, who is imbued with an idea of profound significance, changes the face of how we present America to ourselves and the world. Of course, he is no longer living, but he said to me before his death—I went out to his house and he said: ‘‘Marcy,’’ (and he had above his fireplace—he died two years before the memorial was built there—he had above his fireplace a lithograph that had been done of the WWII Memorial prior to its construction) ‘‘I want to show you something, just in case.’’ He took me to a room in his home, where the cherry furniture had been handed down from his grandparents, and he opened two, he pulled out from under this bed, two big chests, and he had been a letter carrier so he was very organized, and he had saved every news article, every letter, every military organization and veteran organization that had helped us. He kept these files—each page was in plastic. He knew how important this was. This was an average citizen—well he was more than an average citizen. He said, ‘‘just make sure when the time comes, these get in the right place.’’ I have so many stories I could go on forever, but when we broke the ground for the site in the 1990s, there was a flag flying over the site where the WWII Memorial here in Washington now rests. And the President then—we had to get three Presidents to help us, but that’s another story—the flag came down and then the President turned and presented the flag to Mr. Durbin. And Mr. Durbin’s back was to all the people at the ceremony, but he said to his wife and to me ‘‘I want to be buried with this’’—and he was. I mean this was; this is a great story. It took almost five years to get a final bill passed here, and then another decade or more to get the memorial built, as one Congressman aptly observed, it took longer to build the memorial than fight the war. But I can say that the final product was well worth the wait, other than the fact that we still haven’t buttoned down sufficient historical collections and video presentations so when future generations come, they see not only this magnificent memorial, but the story behind why those Americans fought. We have our work cut out for us. When I was over at Normandy, I looked at the memorial we have there and all the video collections and so forth, and we’re working with Park Service now, along with others to try to be able give that grand presentation to Americans who come to this memorial. Americans and others from around the world. While almost every aspect of the memorial has symbolism with both the Pacific and Atlantic porticos, to me, one of the most striking features is its location and there is an announcement stone, a corner stone that talks about this. Think about this: as we commemorate Pearl Harbor today, the beginning of that horrendous conflict, that consequential conflict, you have to the East, the Washington Monument, that represents yes, the first President, George Washington, but the father of the Republic, which was the greatest achievement of the Eighteenth Century, and then on Western edge of the Mall, you have the Lincoln Memorial, honoring one of our greatest Presidents, Abraham Lincoln, representing the preservation of the Union, and then right in the center, between both, the most significant memorial of the Twentieth Century, the World War II Memorial, which that generation did not build for itself, but their prodigy did; representing the victory of liberty over tyranny. It does not represent a person, but a generation. At certain times of the day, you can see a shadow of the Washington Monument, fall across the WWII Memorial and land on the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool—it is really something—and we had hoped to get a light feature when we built the WWII Memorial that would reflect exactly on that spot, where the Eighteenth, Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries come together, that still remains a dream, because those who approve memorial construction didn’t agree with that idea, but I thought it was a great idea. Of course that victory of liberty over tyranny, was a gift to all of us. Second only to its location, is the fact that this memorial is the only one dedicated to not only the service members, but the families, the shipbuilders, the factory workers, and farmers who kept our nation going during that extended conflict. It is for every yard that had a Victory Garden, and every pantry managed with a ration card. It is truly America’s memorial, and you can see that on all of the bronze artifacts that are part of that site, and our entire country sacrificed for the common good and a universal cause. Our mother worked in a War Industries factory, and her job was to make sure that every spark plug that was used in an airplane wouldn’t balk and that the quality was 100%, and she was very aware as she worked on her tamping machine in Toledo, Ohio that the life of a pilot and those that the plane would be carrying were in her hands. That was America’s mindset. In total, over 15 million men and women took up the Nation’s call to arms. Then millions more took up the burden of maintaining the home front. Millions of women went into the workplace for the first time; a workplace outside their home. It changed the culture of our country. There was not a family who went unaffected by that War. I’ll divert just briefly, in our own family, our father lost his best friend, in the Marine Corps at Guadalcanal, a man named Dusty. Our mother’s two brothers served in uniform, in WWII, one on the Atlantic Front and one on the Pacific, both wounded. Our uncle Stanley served in the Army from 1942 through 1945, in the Battle of the Bulge to free Belgium and then liberate Paris and he never talked about it, but six months before his death he came to me in the kitchen of our home and he said ‘‘I just want you to know, this is in my billfold, in case something happens.’’ Almost the exact words that Roger Durbin used, ‘just in case’. He gave me a scapular that he had tucked in his uniform, the sacred heart, which is the religious symbol of the denomination to which we belong, and then he presented me with a Nazi swastika that he had cut out of a seaplane that had been downed in the English Channel. I still haven’t figured out what to do with that—it’s a rather unusual artifact—as well as one of the weapons that he had used. Our uncle Anthony served in the precursor to the CIA, the Office of Strategic Services, seeing action in China, India and Burma before being knifed by a Japanese soldier one night as he caught a few hours sleep in Burma in a foxhole. He suffered his whole life from warrelated injuries. He was so intelligent. To this day, I have no ideas where he was trained; I think maybe in Virginia, but I’m not sure. Their stories, and just imagine how many stories across America influenced those that followed them to try to help build liberty 
forward. I am one of those. Together, all the lessons that came from our soldiers and our families create a living history for us to learn from the past and to build a more secure future. As General Douglas MacArthur said, ‘‘It is my earnest hope, and indeed the hope of all mankind, that from this solemn occasion a better world shall emerge out of the blood and carnage of the past—a world dedicated to the dignity of man and the fulfillment of his most cherished wish for freedom, tolerance and justice.’’ Your being here today means you understand that you don’t forget the importance of remembrance. Memorials allow us to look past the present and focus on those worthy to honor. They link the past to the present and enable people to frame history and respect the sacrifice of those who died, fought, participated, or were affected by conflict. Memorials are an important source of information for our young people trying to understand the decisions made by past generations and why the world is the way that it is. They are a source of national pride, unadulterated by the politics of the day. As a nation memorials link us to our allies based on mutual experiences during times of War—the suffering, the triumphs, and the universal price of the ideal of liberty. They can heal the wounds of war, and bring people together. We saw this, this past May when President Obama visited Hiroshima, and we know that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will be coming to Pearl Harbor later this month. These are really significant symbolic actions that still help heal our world. It’s difficult to imagine that only 4 percent of Americans who served in World War II are still alive today. For those that are here this morning, we give you applause. When we built the WWII Memorial, I didn’t know that honor flight would be created; it was in the minds of ordinary Americans who are extraordinary, who managed to ferry tens of thousands of our WWII veterans here for their last call in our nation’s capital. I’m sure each of you knows how much that has meant to the families of our country and to those veterans—many from my region, but from every State in the Union. The men and women who helped to do that did it so selflessly. Now we’re bringing many of our Vietnam veterans here, and Korean War veterans. We have some Vietnam and Korean War veterans with us here today. Thank you, and thank you for understanding the intergenerational bonds of our country. But only about 2.3 percent of Americans have firsthand memories of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Of course we know that only about 1% of our families have any connection to the military at all; 99% do not, because we no longer have forced conscription. So you’re being here today, and trying to use this opportunity to teach and to elevate—do not underestimate its importance. What you’re doing here by your presence is very important today. These statistics make it imperative that we maintain our history. Future generations must know, for liberty’s sake, why the Transatlantic alliance as well as our Pacific bases are so essential, they must know why the United Nations and NATO are vital, living instruments of liberty; they must know the amazing potential and devastating effects that attend to nuclear power, and they must know the astounding possibilities of a country united in a common cause. I would like to thank the Friends of the National World War II Memorial for your existence—you continue to keep alive the legacy of World War II and our Greatest Generation. They never wanted to be called the greatest generation. I consider them the most unselfish generation, and we can learn a lot from them—to keep alive in the hearts and minds of our current and future generations what their lives stood for. Their carefully developed education programs at Friends provide opportunities to teach our young citizens about the values and spirit of unity and shared purpose, which defined the character of our country during those bitter war years. I’ll tell you something, here in Congress, and I’ve got to make a little political comment here, I’ve served through many speakers now, and through many leaders here in these institutions, but I can tell you that when the WWII Generation exited, and retired or left service, the character of the place changed. When I was first here during the 1980s, Democrat Tip O’Neill was Speaker and Republican Bob Michel was minority leader and at Christmas time, you know what—they liked one another. They fought like cats and dogs on political issues, but they were friends. And in December, when the holidays came, they’d call the President of the United States and sing to the President over the telephone, ‘‘We Wish You a Merry Christmas’’—and they had terrible singing voices. You know what—it elevated America, and America felt unified. That is one of our challenges today and I think the memories of the WWII Generation can help heal the fissures across this country that even exist in the institution in which you are seated this morning. So I want to thank you for coming this morning, and for doing your part to honor the history of Pearl Harbor and heritage of this great country. Most importantly, thank you to our veterans not only for being here today, but for all you’ve done for our country. We stand, America stands, on your strong shoulders. May God Bless you and may God bless America in the years ahead. Thank you. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 8, 2016 Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I will vote for the bipartisan Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation (WIIN) Act, which combines parts of the House and Senate Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) bills passed through each chamber earlier this year. The WIIN Act takes an important step forward in addressing the water needs of Southern California by reauthorizing infrastructure projects nationwide to reduce flood damage, replenish our water supply, and restore our ecosystem. This final bill includes many bright spots. I was particularly pleased that, following the efforts of Congressman XAVIER BECERRA , Con gressman ADAM SCHIFF , and myself, this bill reflects a strong commitment to the Los Angeles River Ecosystem Restoration project. The project will rejuvenate Los Angeles park space and wetlands, build new public spaces, create recreational opportunities, and boost the regional economy, creating a healthier, revitalized Los Angeles River. I am also heartened that this bill contains significant improvements for local water suppliers to complete water reuse and recycling projects, and authorizes longoverdue aid to combat the Flint water crisis. This bill is not perfect. For example, I would have liked it to have shown a much deeper commitment to protecting the Endangered Species Act. However, it was urgent that we pass this bill instead of waiting until next year and the uncertainties of a new Congress and new President. My vote for the WIlN Act is a vote for our state’s longterm water infrastructure. I believe this legislation will provide California with critical help in addressing our ongoing drought crisis. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KANNAPOLIS FIRE DEPARTMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Kannapolis Fire Department as they celebrate their 100th anniversary. Since its earliest days, the Kannapolis Fire Department has served the people of Kannapolis, North Carolina with steadfast dedication and a commitment to excellence. As the City of Kannapolis expanded to the thriving community it is today, the fire department has provided more than just emergency services. The men and women of the department have been a staple of this city and actively engaged with its citizens for a hundred years. Never one to shy away from a challenge, this historical department even gained international recognition in 1934 when it set multiple world records for the speed of its reel race teams. Today, it brings me great honor to recognize the countless men and women who have served throughout the years as members of the Kannapolis Fire Department. This year alone, the Kannapolis Fire Department has received more than 6,000 calls and exhibited countless episodes of heroism and kindness. I am extremely proud of the commitment to service the department has shown throughout its history, and I am thankful to have such outstanding professionals in our community. There is no doubt in my mind that the 108 dedicated firefighters and staff have made their community a better place. I look forward to continuing to work with the City of Kannapolis and the Kannapolis Fire Department as we continue to serve the great people of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Kannapolis Fire Department and wishing them well as they continue to serve their community. 
HONORING THE 2017 ACADEMY NOMINEES OF THE 11TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, every year, more high school seniors from the 11th Congressional District trade in varsity jackets for navy pea coats, Air Force flight suits, and Army brass buckles than most other districts in the country. But this is nothing new—our area has repeatedly sent an above average portion of its sons and daughters to the nation’s military academies for decades. This fact should not come as a surprise. The educational excellence of area schools is well known and has long been a magnet for families looking for the best environment in which to raise their children. Our graduates are skilled not only in mathematics, science, and social studies, but also have solid backgrounds in sports, debate teams, and other extracurricular activities. This diverse upbringing makes military academy recruiters sit up and take note—indeed, many recruiters know our towns and schools by name. Since the 1830’s, Members of Congress have enjoyed meeting, talking with, and nominating superb young people to our military academies. But how did this process evolve? In 1843, when West Point was the sole academy, Congress ratified the nominating process and became directly involved in the makeup of our military’s leadership. This was not an act of an imperial Congress bent on controlling every aspect of Government. Rather, the procedure still used today was, and is, a further check and balance in our democracy. It was originally designed to weaken and divide political coloration in the officer corps, provide geographical balance to our armed services, and to make the officer corps more resilient to unfettered nepotism and handicapped European armies. In 1854, Representative Gerritt Smith of New York added a new component to the academy nomination process—the academy review board. This was the first time a Member of Congress appointed prominent citizens from his district to screen applicants and assist with the serious duty of nominating candidates for academy admission. Today, I am honored to continue this wise tradition in my service to the 11th Congressional District. My Academy Review Board is composed of local citizens who have shown exemplary service to New Jersey, to their communities, and to the continued excellence of education in our area; many are veterans. Though from diverse backgrounds and professions, they all share a common dedication that the best qualified and motivated graduates attend our academies. And, as true for most volunteer panels, their service goes largely unnoticed. I would like to take a moment to recognize and thank them publicly for participating in this important panel. Being on the board requires hard work and an objective mind. Members have the responsibility of interviewing upwards of 50 outstanding young men and women every year in the academy review process. The nomination process follows a general timetable. High school seniors mail personal information directly to the Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Marine Academy once they become interested in attending. Information includes academic achievement, college entry test scores, and other activities. At this time, they also inform my office of their desire to be nominated. The academies then assess the applicants, rank them based on the data supplied, and return the files to my office with their notations. In late November, our Academy Review Board interviews all of the applicants over the course of 2 days. They assess a student’s qualifications and analyze character, desire to serve, and other talents that may be hidden on paper. This year the board interviewed over 40 applicants. The Board’s recommendations were then forwarded to the academies, where recruiters reviewed files and notified applicants and my office of their final decision on admission. As these highly motivated and talented young men and women go through the academy nominating process, never let us forget the sacrifice they are preparing to make: to defend our country and protect our citizens. This holds especially true at a time when our nation is fighting the war against terrorism. Whether it is in the Middle East, Africa or other troubled spots around the world, no doubt we are constantly reminded that wars are fought by the young. And, while our military missions are both important and dangerous, it is reassuring to know that we continue to put America’s best and brightest in command. 
AIR FORCE ACADEMY  Jordan Behrle, North Caldwell, West Essex HS. James Coyne, Chatham, Chatham HS. Arielle Fortes, Parsippany, Parsippany HS. Kurt Hill, Pompton Plains, Pequannock HS. Erik Jensen, Mendham, Randolph HS. Noor Khan, Livingston, Livingston HS. Benjamin Lee, Sparta, Sparta HS. Pranay Malla, Chatham, Chatham HS. Matthew Manion, Morris Plains, Morristown HS. Michael Matarazzo, Cedar Grove, Cedar Grove HS. Jamie Moul, West Orange, West Orange HS. 
MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY  Shane Arcilla, Cedar Knolls, Morris Catholic HS. Anthony Corso, Fairfield, West Essex HS. Kyle Frey, Sparta, Pope John XXIII HS. Travis Healy, Andover, Pope John XXIII HS. Matthew Russo, Cedar Grove, St. Peter’s Prep. 
NAVAL ACADEMY  Dean Caravela, West Caldwell, James Caldwell HS. Robert DromskyReed, Kinnelon, Kinnelon HS. Caroline Duemling, Chatham, Chatham HS. Shannon Fashbender, Andover, Lenape Valley HS. Kyle Gonzalez, Wanaque, Lakeland Regional HS. Matthew Makuch, Lincoln Park, The Academy for Math, Science and Engineering. Brandon Maravi, Wayne, St. Joseph’s HS. Paul Malatesta. Chatham, Chatham HS. Emma Noury, Sparta, Sussex County Technical School. Steven Orciuoli, Livingston, Livingston HS. Brendan Reilly, Mendham, West Morris Mendham HS. Grace Sheehan, Fairfield, Mt. Saint Dominic Academy. Helena Seijas, Mountain Lakes, Mountain Lakes HS. Jake Siciliano, Fairfield, West Essex HS. MILITARY ACADEMY  Dylan Berrier, Lake Hopatcong, Morris Catholic HS. Andrew Bowlus, Carlisle Barracks, PA., Carlisle Area HS. Timothy Cieslak, Wayne, Wayne Valley HS. Michael Flanagan, Florham Park, St. Peter’s Prep. Anthony Giachin, Livingston, Newark Academy. Wilson Maya, Madison, Morristown HS. Rebecca Morel, Mendham, Villa Walsh Academy. Ivan Peters, Boonton, Mountain Lakes HS. Matthew Rothman, Pequannock, Pequannock HS. Minkyu Yang, Livingston, Livingston HS. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of my constituent, Travon Godfrey, who was tragically killed by gun violence on November 28th, 2016. In this tragedy, Oakland lost a community leader, a voice of truth, and a hopeful soul. Earlier this year, I had the pleasure of meeting Travon at my town hall on gun violence, where he shared the painful impact that gun violence had in his life. He stated: ‘‘It shouldn’t even be like that—especially when our kids can’t grow up to see the age of 21. We can’t even see what it feels like to be grown.’’ Travon was right. In 2016 alone, more than 13,000 lives have been lost to senseless gun violence. That is 13,000 lives too many. Mr. Speaker, Travon was just 19 years young. His life was senselessly cut short by the very violence he was working to prevent. I do, however, take solace in the fact that he did not let his age prevent him from speaking out against injustice. He did not sit idly by or allow the weight of his pain at losing 9 friends to gun violence to consume him. Instead, he got involved. Travon was a tireless advocate for his community, his friends and public safety. He reminded us that senseless gun violence can be stopped—if elected officials find the political will to enact common sense gun reforms. It breaks my heart to stand here today and share his story—a story that he worked so hard to prevent. Mr. Speaker, we must live in the light of Travon and prevent gun violence from stealing more young people in our community and every community across the nation. Thank you, Travon, for being an example of what courage and strength looks like. You spoke truth to power in so many ways. My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Travon during this very difficult time and in 
the years ahead as we continue to mourn this devastating loss. I will continue your fight, Travon. I will continue to demand Congress pass common sense gun reform. 
RECOGNIZING DAN HAYES ON RECEIVING THE NATIONAL BEER WHOLESALERS ASSOCIATION EMPLOYEE SPOTLIGHT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Dan Hayes, of Brewers Distributing Company, in Peoria, for receiving the National Beer Wholesalers Association Employee Spotlight. Dan joined the Brewers Distributing Company in 2002 as a warehouse relief driver. Since then, he has become the Director of Operations and a companywide leader, implementing new and innovative ideas to further advance and grow the company’s success. He is responsible for developing the Brewers Distributing Company’s employee engagement group, known as Brewers In Motion, which works to further staff and employer relations. Dan is also a member of the Brewers Distributing Company’s Strategic Planning Committee, where he has been instrumental in working to develop strategies to ensure the company’s continued success in the future. His leadership is worthy of recognition, and he is most deserving of the National Beer Wholesalers Association Employee Spotlight. Our community has greatly benefitted from his fourteen years of service to the Peoria region. In Illinois alone, beer distributors provide $7.6 million dollars in economic development and charity support, and a combined total of $3 billion in total economic impact. It is through the hard work and leadership of exceptional employees and individuals, like Dan, that the beer industry continues to flourish and contribute to our community. I commend Dan on his service and hard work that has led him to receive the National Beer Wholesalers Association Employee Spotlight. I want to thank Dan Hayes for his service to Central Illinois, and congratulate him on this most deserved recognition. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Fort Worth Assembly in celebration of its 75th anniversary and its history of ushering accomplished young women into society and womanhood. First organized by Mrs. Lottie Mae Hamilton in 1941, the Fort Worth Assembly has fostered an organization that helps guide young African American women to a path of excellence within the Fort Worth community. Since the initial presentation of 22 college trained women to society during the first Fort Worth Assembly Debutante Ball on November 28, 1941, the organization has grown to present more than 800 young women to society during their annual holiday event. The Fort Worth Assembly has introduced young women who have gone on to impact the community, world, and future generations in various fields, including the arts, sciences, and legal professions. Along with the annual presentation, the Fort Worth Assembly continues to promote and instill exemplary values to young women at an early age through the formation of the Les Petite Cygnes, or the Little Swans, and the Junior Debutante groups. Thanks to the leadership of the past presidents, Mrs. Lottie M. Hamilton, Mrs. Beulah Yerwood, Mrs. Kathryn Glaze, Mrs. Mildred Scott, Mrs. Sophia Thomas, Mrs. Thelma Pennigar, Mrs. Hester McDaniel, Mrs. Mildred Sims and Mrs. Bonnie Winkfield, and current president, legacy debutante Mrs. Charlece Thomas James, the Fort Worth Assembly has continued to thrive. The work and dedication of the 25 founding women and the past presidents will be recognized on December 17th as the organization marks its 75th Fort Worth Assembly Debutante Ball Presentation, which will introduce another class of outstanding young women to society. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF STATE REPRESENTATIVE BETTY BOUKUS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Connecticut State Representative Betty Boukus, a beloved public servant who worked tirelessly on behalf of Connecticut families. Betty passed away on Friday at the age of 73. She leaves behind her husband, Gary, of more than 50 years, one son, four grandchildren, and countless friends who cherished her as an incomparable community leader and exemplary human being. I am proud to count myself among them. Betty was elected to the General Assembly in 1994, immediately distinguishing herself as a fierce champion for the people of her beloved Plainville and New Britain. She enthusiastically immersed herself in her role on the Bonding Subcommittee, working diligently to ensure taxpayer dollars were directed to those projects that would do the most public good. Betty’s efforts helped turn important initiatives to expand our state’s flagship university and create new local open spaces from idea into reality. She was truly a groundup legislator, bringing kids and families who felt left out of the political system back into the process of governing. Betty gave them a voice, helped them advocate for their needs, and restored their faith in democracy. In her spare time, Betty organized an annual Secret Santa program to collect gifts for local veterans. That’s just who Betty was. She always put people—and never politics—first. She didn’t lob insults or take cheap shots. Whether you were a Democrat or Republican, you could count on her to greet you with a warm laugh and a big hug. A teacher by training and by nature, Betty went out of her way to serve as a mentor to her colleagues in the General Assembly. She was extraordinarily generous with her time and counsel. In giving advice, she mastered the difficult art of being both truthful and kind. Her wisdom and her example made me a better public servant and a better person. Even as her health declined, Betty was determined to serve her neighbors to the very end, guided by the principles that had made her a leader in her community for decades: integrity, optimism, and a commitment to helping as many people as she could. Betty’s loss leaves a hole in our hearts, but we take solace in the knowledge that the lasting good she fought for throughout her career will always be with us. f 
HONORING THE EIGHTH SECRETARYGENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS BAN KIMOON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the work of Ban Kimoon, the Secretary General of the United Nations (UN). As we come to the end of Ban Kimoon’s second consecutive term as the Secretary General, I want to recognize his hard work, dedication, and commitment to improving the lives of others around the world. As Secretary General he successfully guided the UN as it worked to resolve conflicts and advance a wide range of development issues that have had a positive impact on vulnerable people across the globe. SecretaryGeneral Ban has worked as an advocate for women’s empowerment, successfully supporting the establishment of UN Women—the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women. UN Women leverages resources to build on the important work of four previously distinct parts of the UN system. UN Women works to empower women and girls by eliminating discrimination and advancing gender equality— goals consistent with the UN agenda SecretaryGeneral Ban has championed. Mr. Ban has been a strong advocate for women’s rights and gender equality, having spearheaded campaigns like ‘‘Unite to End Violence against Women’’, and increasing the number of women holding senior management positions by approximately 40 percent. During his time as SecretaryGeneral Mr. Ban advocated for the advancement of sustainable development across the globe. One of his most prominent initiatives, the 2007 Climate Change Summit at the Bali International Conference Centre, brought together representatives from over 180 countries to adopt the Bali Road Map, which laid the foundation for the beginnings of a global climate agreement. Finally, Mr. Ban’s tireless efforts to support nations in crisis or experiencing instability cannot be understated. He has worked to strengthen humanitarian efforts, especially after disasters in Myanmar in 2008 and Pakistan and Haiti in 2010. Mr. Ban has given a voice to the most povertystruck and vulnerable populations in the world, including the 
over 65 million individuals displaced from their homes by conflict and persecution in 2015. I thank SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon for his service, spending his days advocating on behalf of the least among us. His tenure as SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations has delivered significant advances in peace and human rights around the world. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend and colleague, Representative JIM MCDERMOTT , from Washington’s 7th District. I have had the honor and privilege of working alongside Representative MCDERMOTT for the past 17 years. As cochairs of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, Congressman MCDERMOTT has led the charge to wipe out HIV/AIDS around the world. Congressman MCDERMOTT and I also sat on the Budget Committee together where he was a continual guiding voice for our committee. From health care to education, he ensured that our budget reflected our moral values as a nation. During his time representing the people of Washington’s 7th District, Congressman MCDERMOTT has dedicated his efforts towards finding solutions to our nation’s most pressing issues, as well as remaining deeply connected to his district. He has helped lead the fight on this very floor to guarantee all Americans comprehensive and affordable health care coverage and has supported me in pushing for peaceful solutions to conflicts around the world. Congressman MCDERMOTT has never stopped working to ensure that the American Dream is in reach for all. I want to thank Representative MCDERMOTT  for his dedication to serving the people of Washington and our nation. I am so honored and thankful to have had his friendship and his support throughout the years. He leaves behind an incredible legacy and I wish him the very best and continued success. 
IN MEMORIAM: RICK LAVIS, FEBRUARY 1, 1940–NOVEMBER 26, 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Rick Lavis, a tireless and respected voice for Arizona agriculture. Rick, a native Arizonan who grew up in downtown Phoenix, was called to public service early in his life. He served as an aide to U.S. Senator Paul Fannin (R–AZ) before working at the U.S. Department of the Interior. Rick returned to Phoenix in 1980 to advocate for Arizona’s cotton growers and the broader agricultural community. As the Arizona Cotton Growers Association’s top staffer, Rick worked tirelessly to pass the Groundwater Management Act of 1980, landmark legislation that still governs Arizona water today. Rick served Arizona as an expert in water, air quality, the environment, and the cotton industry. Rick is survived by his wife, Marti, two sons, Danny and Ben, and two grandchildren, Addison and Nicholas. I was fortunate to have worked with Rick both during my time in the Arizona Legislature and when I came to Congress, and I am honored to call him a friend. I am thankful for Rick’s dedication to service and appreciate his determination and willingness to make our state and country a better place for all Arizonans. Please join me in honoring his memory. f 
IN HONOR OF THE WINGATE UNIVERSITY MEN’S SOCCER TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Wingate University men’s soccer team and congratulate them on their first ever national championship. The Bulldogs earned their first national title in school history by defeating the University of Charleston in the NCAA Division II national title game on December 3, 2016. Led by head coach Gary Hamill, Wingate finished the regular season with a perfect 14– 0 record. After suffering a minor setback in the South Atlantic Conference tournament, the team rebounded by storming through the NCAA tournament on the way to the title. Through the five games of the tournament, the Bulldogs did not concede a single goal, which included denying both the first and second ranked offenses in the country anything more than a few attempts on goal. The team finished the year with a nation’s best 0.40 goals against average, proving that defense really does win championships. Wingate had a total of five players named to the AllTournament team including Jon Ander and Alex Nelson who were named Most Outstanding Offensive Player and Most Outstanding Defensive Player respectively. It brings me great pride to be able to recognize these extraordinary young men as well as all of the coaches and support staff that made this accomplishment possible. The hard work and dedication exhibited by each member of the team during the season will continue to serve them well in life. They are a source of pride to both the university as well as the surrounding community. I wish them well in all of their endeavors and look forward to hearing of their continued success in the future. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating the Wingate University men’s soccer team on their welldeserved national title. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to pay tribute to the fallen law enforcement officers of Georgia’s Second Congressional District. The last few weeks have been especially difficult in Middle and Southwest Georgia as we have lost four officers to senseless violence. On Wednesday, December 7, 2016, Officer Nicholas Smarr of the Americus Police Department responded to a domestic disturbance at an apartment home in Americus, Georgia. While Officer Smarr was awaiting backup from another Americus officer, his friend Officer Jody Smith of the Georgia Southwestern State University Department of Public Safety heard the radio call and responded to assist. As the officers attempted to pursue the suspect, who had fled, the suspect opened fire on the officers. Both officers were struck by bullets. In spite of being wounded, Officer Smarr ran to Officer Smith, turned him over from his facedown position, and began to perform CPR. While trying to save Officer Smith’s life, Officer Smarr died from his injuries. When backup officers arrived, they found Officer Smarr slumped over Officer Smith. Nick Smarr and Jody Smith were lifelong best friends. On Thursday, December 8, 2016, Officer Smith succumbed to his injuries and passed away. The Americus Police Department and the Georgia Southwestern State University Department of Public Safety are each mourning the loss of one of their own. The Americus community as a whole is grieving over this terrible tragedy. This incident brings to mind another senseless tragedy that happened in the Second Congressional District not long ago. On Sunday, November 6, 2016, Sergeant Patrick Sondon and Deputy Daryl Smallwood of the Peach County Sheriff’s Office were responding to a dispute between neighbors when a suspect opened fire on them. Deputy Sondon was killed and Deputy Smallwood passed away from his injuries two days later. Each of these four brave men loved, and in return, were deeply loved. They were sons, brothers, husbands, fathers, significant others, and friends. What is more important, they were law enforcement officers and they put their lives on the line every day to protect our communities. Sergeant Patrick Sondon served our nation in the U.S. Air Force. He had been with the Peach County Sheriff’s Office for 13 years, after having served the Fort Valley and Byron Police Departments. He had a pilot’s license and enjoyed flying and driving charter buses. Deputy Daryl Smallwood served our nation in the U.S. Marine Corps. He worked as a jailer before becoming a mandated officer in 2005 and served the Crisp County Sheriff’s Department before joining the Peach County Sheriff’s Office. He enjoyed listening to music and riding his Harley motorcycle. Officer Nicholas ‘‘Nick’’ Ryan Smarr graduated from the Police Academy in Forsyth, Georgia. He served as a Corrections Officer in Telfair County, a Police Officer in McRae and Vienna, and a Deputy with the Sumter County Sheriff’s Department before joining the Americus Police Department. He was an Atlanta Falcons fan and loved watching movies and spending time with his friends, which included Officer Jody Smith. Public Safety Officer Jody Smith graduated from AmericusSumter County High School in 2009, along with his friend, Officer Nick Smarr. In 2012, he graduated from the Georgia Public 
Safety Training Center and served with the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office and Plains Police Department. In addition to serving with Georgia Southwestern’s Department of Public Safety, he was a student at the University. He was known for being friendly and energetic and was a huge fan of the Atlanta Braves. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District honor these four brave officers for their dedicated service and for making the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to their families, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor a truly dedicated public servant and friend, Congressman SAMFARR. I have had the honor of working alongside Congressman FARR for 17 wonderful years. Throughout these many years, I have personally seen his passionate advocacy for the beautiful central coast, the great state of California, and our nation. As many of us know, Congressman FARR joined the Peace Corps in 1964 and brought his passion for social and economic justice and world peace with him to Congress. Since then, he has never shied away from fighting for what is right and what is just. As our Ranking Member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Congressman FARR is a fierce and strong advocate for programs serving lowincome populations, rural infrastructure and development, and food safety and nutrition. As longtime advocates to normalize relations with Cuba, we had the pleasure of witnessing history together as President Obama met with President Raul Castro and became the first president to visit Cuba in the last 81 years. Representative FARR has supported me— and so many of our colleagues—in this very chamber and outside of our offices. He has been a true friend and I will miss him dearly. Mr. Speaker, Congressman FARR has en couraged all Americans to reach higher, dream bigger, and to never give up. His commitment to our country and California’s 20th district has been a joy to witness and I look forward to watching as those he has inspired continue his work. Thank you, Congressman FARR, for all that you’ve done for your district and for our nation. I look forward to continuing our friendship and preserving your work in the upcoming years. STATES AGAINST DRUNK DRIVING ACT OF 2016 HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on May 31st, 2015, two 17 year old girls from Tennessee’s 8th District, Maddie Kruse and Rachel Lynch, were killed when struck by a drunk driver. The man behind the wheel was out on bond for his sixth DUI charge when he struck the van carrying Maddie and Rachel. Each of the five local courts where the driver had pleaded guilty for DUI failed to report his conviction to State or Federal criminal databases. Had they reported his convictions to the National Crime Information Center (‘‘NCIC’’), a database accessible by law enforcement officers all over the country, the driver would have faced much stiffer penalties for his additional offenses. To address some of the inherently mobile and crossjurisdictional nature of driving, I have introduced the States against Drunk Driving Act of 2016. The SADD Act of 2016 would incentivize states to require all court clerks to report convictions for offenses involving driving under the influence to the NCIC and any applicable staterun crime information database. The benefits of information sharing are apparent in this particular case. A court prepared with a complete record of a repeat criminal offender would be better prepared to keep those drivers off the road. As my term comes to an end with the 114th Congress, I have shared this story and the legislative language with my successor, RepresentativeElect David Kustoff. It is my hope that Mr. Kustoff will continue to work on this important issue so that tragic events like this are less likely to happen in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, if ever a public servant deserved a peaceful, happy retirement, it is our sheriff and my dear friend, Tommy Gage. Tommy may have been born across the border in Arkansas, but we are glad he got to Texas as quickly as he could. In the more than halfcentury since graduating from Galena Park High School, Tommy Gage has been about service. After serving aboard the Heavy Cruiser USS St. Paul during the Vietnam War, seeing both the world and action, my friend signed up for a different kind of service. After graduating from the Houston Police Academy in 1970, Tommy Gage began serving in this Fifth Ward on the Northeast side. His assignments included patrol, recruiting, investigator, and as a solo motorcycle unit. In 1982, the Montgomery County Sheriffs Office welcomed Tommy Gage as a jail deputy. Over the years, he worked a variety of assignments including patrol, academy instructor, SWAT, detectives, detective sergeant, and academy commander. In 1996 Sheriff Gage went to work and served in that capacity until his election as Sheriff When Sheriff Gage was sworn in on New Years’ Day in 2005, there were just over 450 employees at the sheriff’s office. Today, that number has nearly doubled in an allout effort to protect and serve. From starting the county’s first motorcycle traffic unit, which now includes seven motorcycles, a canine unit now with seven canines, to an aviation unit that includes a Cessna 210 aircraft and two Aeryon Sky Ranger unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) fully licensed by the FAA, Sheriff Gage’s MCSO has set a high bar. I know our local events are the safest, friendliest congressional gatherings in the country in no small part due to our sheriff. For a sheriff known for his white hat and colorful Texas neckties, his changes to the local uniforms led to the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office being named a best dressed agency in United States. While our sheriff is quick to give credit to his stellar team, numerous awards and personal honors would not have been possible without his servant leadership. Sheriff Gage has often said ‘‘there is no greater honor than to finish my law enforcement career as a Texas sheriff.’’ In making his mark here in Montgomery County, he has honored all of us. A life member of the Montgomery County Fair Association, East Montgomery County Fair Association, Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 4709, Texas Jail Association, the National Rifle Association, 100 Club, and Sheriffs Association of Texas, our beloved sheriff is a Chartered Member of Montgomery County Search and Rescue and a valued member of the Texas Police Association, Fraternal Order of Police, National Association of Chiefs of Police, the American Legion Post Number 618, local civic groups and chambers, and the Harley Owners Group—Cut & Shoot Chapter. In their more than three decades of marriage, Tommy and Ollie Nell Gage have been blessed with 3 children, 9 grandchildren and 1 great grandchild—all who have an amazing role model of how to be a servant leader. On December 31, 2016, Sheriff Gage is retiring after finishing his third term. I know Ollie Nell is going to be glad to have him home safely from over 46 years of law enforcement service. 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARY CAMELI, CHIEF, MESA FIRE AND MEDICAL DEPARTMENT; PAST PRESIDENT, PROFESSIONAL FIRE FIGHTERS OF ARIZONA; EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, UNITED PHOENIX FIRE FIGHTERS ASSOCIATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chief Mary Cameli of the Mesa Fire and Medical Department. Mary was one of the first women to join the department in 1983 and is now the first woman to lead as fire chief. She has dedicated her career to serving our state and championing the needs of Arizona’s firefighting community. Prior to Mary’s selection as chief, she was an assistant fire chief overseeing the Emergency Medical Services Division, Planning and 
Research Division, Personnel and Wellness, and the CMS Healthcare Innovation Grant. During her time as assistant fire chief, the department received numerous health care innovation awards and built five new fire stations. Mary is a tremendous leader who works well with rank and file members, other city departments, and community groups. Her work is a testament to her dedication to her fellow firefighters, emergency personnel, and the State of Arizona. We are lucky she will continue to serve our community as fire chief. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Earl ‘‘Moose’’ Butler for his 22 years of service as Sheriff of Cumberland County, North Carolina. Growing up in Cumberland County, Sheriff Butler has always had a profound sense of duty to his community and fellow man. In 1964, he began his career of public service as a teacher, followed by his service as a probation and parole officer for the state. He remained at his post at N.C. Probation and Parole until 1994 when he was first elected as Sheriff of Cumberland County. Throughout his career, Sheriff Butler has exhibited his deep dedication to this community and we are fortunate to have had him as a leader for all these years. Among his accomplishments during his time in office was earning the designation as an accredited office by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies. This distinction recognizes departments that have established professional standards and policies that help promote accountability to the community they protect. Cumberland County was one of the first two sheriff’s offices in the state to earn this title. Aside from his professional career, Sheriff Butler has remained an active member of the community, volunteering his time to give back to others. He is a member of several civic organizations, including Masons, and hosts the annual ‘‘Shop with the Sheriff’’ event that seeks to assist families in need during the holidays. It is my hope that Sheriff Butler will enjoy his retirement and remain a role model for all of those he has helped over the years. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring the career of Sheriff Earl ‘‘Moose’’ Butler for his service to our community and wishing him well as he begins the next chapter of his life in retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 12, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor a truly dedicated public servant and friend, Congressman MIKEHONDA . As a passionate and tireless leader, Congressman HONDA has spent the last 15 years as an active representative for California’s 17th district. Raised in an internment camp, Congressman HONDA has witnessed firsthand the dangers of hate, fear, and injustice. Through these experiences, he has dedicated his life to protecting those who are underrepresented and advocating for global peace and security. Before coming to Congress, Congressman HONDA served in the Peace Corps and was a dedicated teacher and principal to all students. Congressman HONDA has never shied away from what is right and what is just. As a longtime champion for LGBT rights, he has fought to ensure equal rights for all. His courage reminds us all of what it means to truly represent the people of America, no matter where they come from or who they love. I know that Congressman HONDA will be missed in his district, in the California Delegation, and throughout the halls of Congress. He has served his district with heart and pride each and every day. I hope that as we begin our next Congress, we work to protect the progress that Congressman HONDA has made and provide patience, kindness, and care as he did. Thank you, Representative HONDA , for your work to advance our shared progressive values and for your friendship. I look forward to preserving and continuing your work in the upcoming years. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 8:30 a.m., on Tuesday, December 13, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 6526–6528 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3387, to amend the Freedom of Information Act, the Privacy Act, and the Federal Advisory Committee Act to apply the requirements of such Acts to the Smithsonian Institution, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–864); H.R. 957, to require Senate confirmation of Inspector General of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–865, Part 1); H.R. 5729, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from issuing certain licenses in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, to require annual reports by the Secretary of the Treasury and the ExportImport Bank on financing issues related to the sale or lease of such a commercial passenger aircraft or spare parts for such an aircraft, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–866, Part 1); H.R. 2205, to protect financial information relating to consumers, to require notice of security breaches, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–867, Part 1); H.R. 2287, to require the National Credit Union Administration to hold public hearings and receive comments from the public on its budget, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–868); H.R. 2769, to require the National Credit Union Administration to conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for credit unions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–869); H.R. 2896, to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–870); H.R. 1550, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–871); H.R. 1266, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to make the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection an independent Financial Product Safety Commission, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–872); H.R. 1660, to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings associations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–873); and H.R. 1941, to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–874).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Young (IA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Medal of Valor Review Board—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the Medal of Valor Review Board: Joanne HayesWhite of San Francisco, California.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H7573–74. Senate Referrals: S. 3346 was held at the desk. S. 3021 was held at the desk. S. 8 was held at the desk. S. 290 was held at the desk. S. 1831 was held at the desk. S. 3112 was held at the desk. S. 1168 was held at the desk. S. 1776 was held at the desk. S. 2852 was held at the desk. S. Con. Res. 57 was held at the desk. S. 2781 was held at the desk. S. 3086 was held at the desk. S. 3336 was held at the desk.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 3 p.m. and adjourned at 3:08 p.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Tuesday, December 13 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, December 13 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2:30 p.m. 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1702 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1709 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1710 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1708 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E1710 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1707 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1706, E1709, E1711 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1704 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1708 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E1701 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1702, E1707, E1709, E1710, E1711 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E1703 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1708 RoybalAllard, Lucille, Calif., E1706 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1709, E1710 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1701 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1701 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1701, E1702 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1708 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1702 