Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Oregon lost an extraordinary statesman last week with the passing of Hardy Myers. He was the epitome of a public servant. Hardy’s public service career had an auspicious beginning as president of the Portland City Planning Commission in 1973, where he guided the development and approval of the downtown plan that didn’t just win awards, it set Portland on a path to a revitalized central city. He was elected to the State legislature in 1974, where I was privileged to work with him for two sessions. We served on the revenue committee together, and I was on the judiciary committee which he chaired with remarkable precision and productivity. The same skill and civility that was his hallmark led to his being elected for two terms as speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives, providing steady, thoughtful leadership during trying times for our State. Leaving the legislature, Hardy was not content to merely continue his legal practice at Stoel Rives, where he was for over 30 years. The list of his volunteer boards and commissions that he combined with his work and elected service is too extensive to mention in full. His contributions, usually in a leadership role, included criminal justice, sentencing guidelines, transportation, and government reform. Hardy capped off his career by serving 12 years as Oregon’s attorney general, with a side trip as elected member of Portland’s metropolitan, popularly elected regional government. As attorney general, he held the office with distinction, serving with great skill and commanding the respect and admiration of the State’s lawyers. He gained national recognition from his fellow attorneys general for distinguished leadership. I had the pleasure to hear Hardy argue and win a case before the United States Supreme Court. During his tenure as attorney general, Oregon won all six cases it brought to our Nation’s highest court. He was a superb legislator and legal scholar who successfully ran for office and won nine tough campaigns. Hardy never really got the attention his work warranted due to his thoughtful, understated service and personality, but all who served and worked with him were profoundly impressed with his professionalism, intellect, temperament, and quality of service. This, of course, was just the public side of Hardy. He was gracious, warm, funny, and deeply and passionately committed to his family, his church, and his community. I only wish that I could be there in person Wednesday morning as friends, family, and admirers gather at All Saints Church—a place that played a central role in the Myers family—to pay tribute to this remarkable man. Our hearts and sympathy go out to Mary Ann; his three sons, Hardy, III, Chris, and Jon; his 10 grandchildren; and his great grandchild. We thank them for sharing this remarkable citizen with all Oregonians. Our State is better as a result of his extraordinary service as were all of us who were privileged to know him as friend. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF RUTH JOHNSON COLVIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tremendous legacy of Ruth Johnson Colvin, a pioneer in the adult literacy movement from my district who is celebrating her 100th birthday this month. Known as the mother of the adult literacy movement, Ruth Colvin has had an immeasurable impact on our community and our Nation. In the 1960s, upon discovering that 11,000 people in her hometown of Syracuse, New York, could not read, Ruth Colvin launched Literacy Volunteers of America. That organization, now known as ProLiteracy, is still based in Syracuse, New York. 
Ruth Colvin has dedicated her entire life to teaching, assisting, and empowering adult learners. She has taught thousands of people to read, trained literacy tutors in 26 countries, and developed and published effective programs to teach basic literacy and English as a second language. Because of her efforts, hundreds of thousands of adults have learned to read both locally in central New York and around the globe. Over more than four decades, Ruth Colvin has published nine books, visited or worked in more than 60 countries, and received nine honorary doctorate degrees. She was awarded the President’s Volunteer Action Award from President Ronald Reagan, received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President George W. Bush, and was inducted into the National Women’s Hall of Fame. Ruth Colvin has given so many the gift of literacy. On December 16 of this year, she will turn 100 years old. Please join me in honoring her tremendous life’s work and her legacy as we celebrate this milestone. Happy birthday, Ruth, and many, many more. 
ISRAEL AND PALESTINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned about what is going on in Israel, and I think it has implications both for U.S. foreign policy, for domestic policy, and for our own ally, Israel. As the rightwing government of Netanyahu consolidates power and becomes, in many ways, the oneparty rulers of Israel, a number of things are changing that should be of concern to all Americans. Specifically, the increasing dominance of the Likud Party as the oneparty in Israel jeopardizes the twostate solution that I and many others in the United States and Israel feel is the only way to achieve long term peace in the Middle East. There is a retrenchment of hardline policies—aimed at solidifying alliances with smaller religious and hardline parties that keep Likud in power—that will make it harder for Israelis, their allies in America, and anyone who seeks a lasting peace to maintain progress towards a twostate solution. Right now, the Knesset is considering legislation to legalize all Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory on the West Bank, even those constructed on private Palestinian land. Boom—400,000 people in settlements across the West Bank. It is all legal because they say it is legal, but it is not. Israel is destroying Palestinian homes at a pace faster than we have ever seen before. It is provocative, sweeping, and designed to make it harder to ever reach an agreement with the Palestinians. The plan to restrict the Muslim call to player in Jerusalem has been revived, again to placate hardline religious constituents by Prime Minister Netanyahu. There is no statement clearer to people of the Islamic faith that they do not matter, that they do not belong, and that they will not be tolerated than to restrict the Muslim call to prayer in Jerusalem—a city that has heard the Muslim call to prayer for thousands of years. I think what is going on in Israel with Prime Minister Netanyahu presents a cautionary tale about the consequences of following a political strongman. The strongman has to keep proving that he is a strongman over and over. Like other strongmen who ride fear into leadership—when you base your political career on injecting fear and resentment into political affairs, when you use the backdrop of terrorism and the understandable fear of the Israeli people as a political tool for years and decades—this is the kind of policy that results. There is an appetite for constant escalation of what you are doing to stand up to the enemy you have constructed—an enemy based on but not the same as the enemies that fight against the State of Israel, tolerance, and peace in real life. Strongmen construct a foil—in this case based on the Palestinians, but sometimes exaggerated beyond recognition—and they need to feed the thirst for more and more action to attack the caricature that they have constructed. But strongman politics in Israel has the impact of making a longlasting solution that brings peace to the Middle East even harder to achieve. The fundamental rights of Palestinians to have their own state—a state alongside the Israeli state where they have the same basic rights and dignity to govern themselves and raise their families in peace—that is what most Israelis, Palestinians, and people around the world have been fighting for. If we are ever going to achieve the permanent peace that allows Israel to exist without fear and Palestine to exist without occupation then we must continue to fight for the twostate solution. When I was just a freshman, almost 25 years ago, we celebrated the accomplishments of Rabin, Arafat, and President Clinton to build towards a peace that recognizes the rights and dignity of the Israelis and the rights and dignity of the Palestinian people. For decades, the United States—under different leaders in different parties from Carter to Reagan to Bush to Obama— has recognized that peace will only come with mutual respect and tolerance. That is what we have based our foreign policy on and should continue to base our foreign policy on. Having talked with average people and with leaders on both sides of the PalestinianIsraeli conflict, I am convinced that is the only way forward toward peace. America has been a catalyst—a constructive influence from outside, a nation based on religious freedom and democracy that has served as a model for both Palestinians and Israelis—and we have worked towards helping parties continue to move in the direction of two separate but mutually respectful countries, two nations that are not at war with each other or subservient to one another. I fear, Mr. Speaker, that Israel herself is moving away from the twostate solution as a goal and that we, as her closest ally, must remind her, and ourselves, of what is at stake if we lose sight of this important goal. f 
PROTECTING PENSIONS OF COAL MINERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge swift passage of H.R. 2403, the Coal Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act. This important legislation protects the pensions of coal workers who have spent their lives producing affordable, reliable energy for our country. These miners were promised a pension when they signed up for the job, and, ever since the Truman administration, Congress has made sure that the commitment is honored. It is our duty to continue to uphold this promise made to our miners. Without help from Congress this year, the United Mine Workers of America pension fund will be insolvent in 2017, resulting in massive cuts to benefits for 22,000 West Virginia mine workers and their families. The Coal Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act provides relief funding for these pensions without increasing spending of taxpayer dollars. Our country’s hardworking coal miners are responsible for fueling and shaping our economy over the last 250 years. Retired coal miners and their widows deserve our respect, appreciation, and, above all else, the benefits that they were promised. With 47 Republican and 40 Democrat cosponsors in the House, this bill is strongly supported by Members on both sides of the aisle. Again, I urge our leadership to bring H.R. 2403, the Coal Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act, to a vote immediately. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my colleague and Budget Committee chairman, Dr. TOMPRICE, on President elect Trump’s recent appointment as the new Secretary for the Department of Health and Human Services. Chairman PRICE has become a friend to me over the past 2 years and will continue to do great things in his new job in the Trump administration. When I was first elected to serve West Virginia’s Second Congressional District in 2014, I promised my constituents that I would fight to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as 
ObamaCare. My first month in office on February 3, 2015, House Republicans successfully voted to repeal ObamaCare. In December of that same year, the Senate passed our legislation to repeal ObamaCare. President Obama vetoed it at that time. But we will have a new President next year. Healthcare costs are on the rise because of ObamaCare. ObamaCare adds burdensome taxes, regulations, and mandates onto American consumers. The limited choice in health insurance plans is harming families and their budgets. ObamaCare has killed 2.9 million jobs a year, has continued to raise health insurance costs, and has also placed the Federal Government in between patients and their doctors. Who are these 2.9 million Americans? They are disproportionately lowwage workers earning well below the average annual wage for all workers, which is less than $46,000 a year, according to the Congressional Budget Office. The people who are hurt the most by ObamaCare are the ones that ObamaCare is supposed to help the most. Research done by the National Center for Policy Analysis found that the average monthly premium costs in every demographic rose substantially after ObamaCare was implemented. b1015 West Virginians who get their health insurance through employersponsored programs are paying some of the highest rates in the United States. In West Virginia, premiums through employer sponsored health insurance programs have climbed at a steady rate of about 6.4 percent annually since 2010, and it keeps getting worse. The 33,421 West Virginians who are currently enrolled in the Affordable Care Act do not need to see their rates hiked up again. As a Republican in Congress, I want to ensure that everyone has access to health care, but it will be quality health care that people choose for themselves. That is why House Republicans have come up with a plan we call A Better Way. Our plan recognizes that people deserve more patientcentered care, not more bureaucracy. That means more choices, not more mandates. A Better Way plan offers many improvements that will help West Virginia’s Second Congressional District, including commonsense reforms to allow health insurance sales across State lines. You should have the freedom and flexibility to choose the care that is best for you. Insurers should compete for your business and treat you fair. You and your family should have access to the best lifesaving treatment in the world. Under Chairman TOMPRICE’s leadership, I believe that our healthcare system in America will thrive. Again, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to my friend, Dr. TOMPRICE. HONORING VIRGINIA STRATTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House floor today to honor one of my longtime district staffers, Virginia Stratton, who retired recently. Virginia had been with my office, serving the people of Iowa, since I first came into office in January 2007. Since then, she has handled more than 3,300 cases for Iowans having issues with the Department of Defense, the Department of Labor, and the Postal Service; but, by far, the largest portion of her cases involved the Veterans Administration. As I travel across my district, all 24 counties, meeting with veterans, it never fails that one of the first things I hear is about how hard Virginia fought on their behalf or on behalf of their loved ones to cut through the redtape at the VA. Whether it was securing medals for veterans who served but didn’t receive their proper recognition, or helping expedite a disability appeal, there was nothing—and I say nothing—Virginia would not do to ensure our veterans received the assistance that they needed. I always knew that if Virginia was on the case, there would be no stone left unturned and no question left unasked. She worked every day for the past 10 years to ensure our veterans received the care they earned and rightly deserved. As a military parent myself, I believe we have no greater responsibility as a nation than to ensure our veterans are treated with the same dignity and honor with which they served our country. There is no one—no one, folks— who epitomizes that sentiment more than Virginia. She has been one of the greatest champions for veterans, and there was no issue that was too small or too great for her to take on. In the nearly 10 years that Virginia worked for my office, she literally personally affected the lives of thousands of Iowans. Virginia’s retirement is a loss for the people of Iowa, but the efforts and hours she invested in working on behalf of our veterans will never be forgotten. On behalf of the people of Iowa and all of the veterans of America, my wife Terry and I wish Virginia the best in the next chapter of her life. 
TRIBUTE TO CHAIRMAN HAL ROGERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a dear colleague, mentor, and friend as he is concluding his 6 years as chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. I have had the honor and pleasure of serving with Chairman HALROGERS for the last 2 years. Since day one of his chairmanship, he has been the driving force to revive the appropriations process. Anyone who knows Chairman ROGERS, knows his top priority is regular order. During his chairmanship, he has managed 140 appropriations bills on the floor, and managed more than 600 important oversight and budget hearings and markups. He has worked every day to ensure that the taxpayers’ dollars are being used wisely and responsibly. He has stopped wasteful spending, saving the country billions of dollars. He has also invested in higher priority programs, those that help keep our Nation on the right track, keep us safe, keep us secure, fight against drug abuse, and promote critical rural infrastructure needs. He has never lost sight of his home in Kentucky and the people he represents in Congress. Their priorities are his priorities. I know this well because my district is right next door. We are only separated by the Tug Fork River, a small, narrow body of water that goes through the hills of Appalachia. Chairman ROGERS and I share the good people of Appalachia. We know the greatness of our people. We know how hardworking they are. It is the coal miners, it is the farmers, it is the factory workers, it is the teachers, it is the backbone of America we both have the honor of representing. I have been able to see firsthand Chairman ROGERS ’ commitment to the people of Kentucky, his fight for the coal miners and retirees, his fight of the opioid crisis that is devastating communities throughout our region and this country, his support for education, and his leadership in creating the SOAR program, shaping our Appalachian region. Chairman ROGERS has left an indelible mark as chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. We thank him for his leadership in that role over these past 6 years. We have a better Appropriations Committee because of it and a better institution here in the House of Representatives, thanks to the leadership of Chairman HALROGERS. I ask my fellow Members to join me in thanking him for his service as chairman. I am honored to look forward to working with him in his continuing capacity here in the House of Representatives. Thank you, Chairman ROGERS . 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF LEONARD ROTHSTEIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG) for 5 minutes. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of my constituent Leonard Rothstein, who passed away on September 16, 2016. Mr. Rothstein bravely served in the Korean war as a private first class, contributing to the war effort as a radioman. Mr. Rothstein was honorably 
discharged from the Army on October 23, 1953. He received a National Defense Service Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the United Nations Service Medal, and the Korean Service Medal, with two Bronze Stars for his service. Mr. Rothstein took great pride in his service to our country and requested to be buried with his military medals. He received a military funeral at the Sinai Chapel in Fresh Meadows, Queens. After being discharged from the war, Mr. Rothstein brought his work ethic to Local Union 3 IBEW and the New York Hotel Trades Council as an electrician. Anyone would be proud to know someone as dedicated to their community as Leonard. Mr. Rothstein has been described as an unassuming, kindhearted person who rarely had a bad thing to say about anyone. He traveled with his wife, Gus, to every State in the Nation by bus, train, or plane since they didn’t drive. Mr. Rothstein was beloved by his family, and is survived by his wife, his sister, his two sons, his five grandchildren, and great grandson. I am happy to stand here today as Mr. Rothstein’s representative to express my gratitude for his bravery in service and his hard work as a union member. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing one of our Nation’s veterans, and offering condolences to his family during this time. 
CONGRATULATING GENERAL JIM MATTIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that President elect Donald Trump has made another excellent appointment in selecting General Jim Mattis to serve as Secretary of Defense to rebuild our military. A recent article in The Wall Street Journal notes, ‘‘General Mattis has seen the cost of wars enough to want to deter them, but he also knows that if you fight them you need to do so with the force and will to win.’’ Presidentelect Trump stated that General Jim Mattis is ‘‘the closest thing to General George Patton that we have.’’ The recent service of General Mattis in the Middle East makes him uniquely qualified to address threats to servicemembers overseas and American families here at home. With General Mattis serving as Secretary of Defense, our military will continue to be the best fighting force in the world, our men and women in uniform will be supported, and our military families will be protected. As a 31year veteran and the grateful dad of four sons who have served overseas in the global war on terrorism, I am confident that our goal of peace through strength will be achieved under the leadership of General Jim Mattis. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IS STILL BARACK OBAMA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I just got a call from a reporter about a tweet, which the Presidentelect has made, canceling the contract with The Boeing Company and the Federal Government to build Air Force One. Now, the last time I looked, I think that the President of the United States is still Barack Obama. He will be President of this country until the 20th of January. What we have right now is a Presidentelect running around the world with his tweet bar making statements that are disruptive and distractive for the American public. He calls Taiwan and raises questions about our relationship with China as though he were the Secretary of State, but he has not even found anyone to do that job. He should be in the transition office figuring out how he makes a smooth transition of the American Government from the efficiently run government of Mr. Obama to his administration, not making the decisions himself and going out and announcing them through his tweet at 3 a.m. because he can’t sleep. This kind of operation is the operation of somebody who is used to running a big business. When he is president of Trump casino or Trump Tower, he can act like that. He can come in and say: Do this, do that, do this, do that. I don’t know if he understands, Mr. Speaker, that you and the House of Representatives are the ones who made the contract and appropriated the money for that plane. That is the democratic process of this country. It is not done by the President getting up in the morning and tweeting out 147 characters and ending a contract with hundreds of jobs at risk of people in my district, good hardworking Americans. He will go down to Indianapolis, Indiana, and walk around and say: I have saved 1,000 jobs. We still haven’t seen the contract. We don’t know what the deal is, how long the jobs have to last, or how many of them have to last. We don’t know anything. We just know that a tweet went out that: We have. And then he went and did a big rally down there and did a victory lap, but there is no piece of paper. Mr. Speaker, if I were to make a recommendation to the people in Indianapolis, it would be: Talk to the Indians, to the Native Americans, about the treaties that have been made with the United States of America and how good they are and how hard you have to fight to make those treaties work. b1030 He made a treaty with Carrier, which will get $7 million from Indiana. Vice President Pence will give $7 million from Indiana to Carrier, and then maybe there will be some kind of—no one knows what is going on, but the Presidentelect should spend his time in the transition office and decide who is going to hold the jobs that will make this country run. This is not going to be run by one man in the White House who makes pronouncements and thinks that all the world is going to throw itself down on the ground and worship him. We have a democratic process, and the burden on the House of Representatives, as I leave it—I mean, in some ways, I am sorry to be leaving because I think it is going to be a very tough session—is to help the new President understand how a democracy actually works. It is not a big business; it is a business of the people. The 435 Members of this House take the money that comes in in taxes, and they appropriate it out as they see fit for the country. The President doesn’t do that. When the Congress is done, it passes the bill to him, and then he spends the money as the Congress has decided it should be spent. If you look at the Constitution—I am sure the Presidentelect has looked at the Constitution—the first Article is the Congress. We are the preeminent body in this government because we are elected by the people, and we have the power. Stop tweeting, Mr. Presidentelect. 
21ST CENTURY CURES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 21st Century Cures Act, a bill that recently passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support. I am proud that the package includes provisions for robust medical research, funding to combat opioid abuse, and support for individuals who struggle with mental illness and who are trapped in the criminal justice system. Reforming and modernizing our Nation’s mental health system has been one of my top priorities. It is imperative that we help those who are struggling with mental illness get the help they need. Many tragedies can be prevented if the proper support structure is in place. As part of the reform efforts, I was proud that legislation authored by Representative TIMMURPHY , the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which I strongly supported, was incorporated into 21st Century Cures. I had the opportunity to host a roundtable earlier this year in south Florida, with my friend from Pennsylvania and local stakeholders, to discuss mental health and the benefits of this important legislation. 
The passage of 21st Century Cures also represents an important step toward the discovery and development of new treatments for many diseases, like cancer and Alzheimer’s, in addition to empowering individuals, families, and employers across the country with more healthcare options. I was proud to have supported this pioneering legislation, and I look forward to its swiftly being signed into law. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, or the WIIN Act. Included in this package, which is expected to be considered in the House later in the week, is the Central Everglades Planning Project, which is of critical importance to the ecological health of the State of Florida. This project will significantly increase freshwater flows from Lake Okeechobee through the Everglades and down into Florida Bay, providing critical relief to our water reservoirs and to a stressed ecosystem in the bay. The health of Florida Bay is a moral and an environmental cause. It is also vital to south Florida’s multibillion dollar tourism industry, making Everglades restoration an important local issue as well as a major national priority. Longterm restoration will be achieved primarily by constructing projects for the conveyance, treatment, and storage of water and, ultimately, the restoration of freshwater flow from north to south. CEPP contributes to all of these goals. I thank Chairman SHUSTER for working with me to include $1.9 billion for the Everglades Restoration Program in the WIIN Act. I am proud that, through bipartisan efforts, we were able to include this muchneeded funding for Everglades restoration, and I look forward to getting this bill signed into law. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to applaud the House’s passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for 2017. This bipartisan legislation strongly supports our servicemembers by providing a muchdeserved 2.1 percent pay raise and improves access to health care for them and for their families. It prohibits the administration from transferring our naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the Castro dictatorship. It also protects victims who report sexual assault from personal and professional retaliation by making ‘‘retaliation’’ a separate offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. In addition, I am grateful that my bill, the Service Provider Opportunity Clarification Act, was included in the final package. Any large business that receives a contract for more than $650,000 must show the Federal Government how it will use small businesses as subcontractors. Subcontracting is an important entry point for new Federal contractors. Without a robust and wide base of subcontractors, we will have fewer prime contractors tomorrow—meaning fewer suppliers, manufacturers, and innovators—and this will all result in increased costs to American taxpayers. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Chairman CHABOT for including my bill and for their hard work in moving the NDAA forward. Their efforts serve as an excellent example of Congress’ working together on behalf of the brave men and women who are tasked with keeping our country safe. I look forward to the legislation being signed into law. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Southridge Spartans football team on their first trip to the State finals since 1999. After a 2–2 start to the season, the Spartans’ defense stepped up and shut out all future opponents from scoring a touchdown. The Spartans outscored their final five opponents by a whopping 151–0, finishing the season with a 7–2 record and earning a spot in the Florida State playoffs. After defeating Coral Gables in the quarterfinals, Southridge faced off against Deerfield Beach in the semifinals. The Spartans overcame six turnovers, five of which came in their own territory, to defeat Deerfield Beach 26–7 and to clinch their rightful place in the championship game this Saturday in Orlando v. Dr. Phillips High School. I congratulate head coach Billy Rolle and principal Miret, along with the players, students, faculty, and alumni of Miami Southridge High School, for their amazing season thus far. Good luck. Bring the championship home. 
HELP AND HOPE FOR THE MENTALLY ILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is a day of joy, and it was, indeed, a long time in coming, but here we are. My time in Congress was redefined 4 years ago, on December 14, 2012, when 26 innocent lives were taken at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Now, it is neither my district nor my State, but when it comes to children, all of us represent all children. Afterwards, when I met with the families, they gave me pictures of their children and spouses whom they lost that day, and I made a promise—the promise that we would not continue to watch passively or just offer moments of silence as these tragedies continue, that we should deliver, instead, treatment before tragedy. Today, Mr. Speaker, I say thanks to the Members of Congress who changed the course with me—who teamed up to finally change the way the United States treats the mentally ill. We set our eyes on one goal: to fix our Nation’s broken mental health system. Since then, we have come together to work towards protecting millions of Americans who suffer from mental illness. We traveled to every corner of this Nation and listened to doctors, psychologists and psychiatrists, experts and advocates—most importantly, to patients, consumers, and their families. Through congressional hearings and investigations, we have discovered the abhorrent and sometimes fatal disconnect between the 112 Federal agencies that were assigned to treat the mentally ill. We exposed $130 billion spending in a system that has done little but to watch the rates of homelessness, incarceration, suicide, and drug overdose deaths soar. We came together across party lines and went to work. We passed legislation that will save lives. I thank FRED UPTON for his leadership on our Committee on Energy and Commerce with regard to H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, and for his tremendous medical innovation bill, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
I thank E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas for her conviction and determination and for applying her experience as a psychiatric nurse to champion the cause that someone in crisis should be able to get treatment in a hospital and not just be locked up in a jail cell. I thank Speaker RYAN, who, in his very first days as Speaker of the House, pledged his support and determination to ensure that we would take action in the way that we treat the mentally ill in this Nation. To all of my colleagues in the House who spoke up, stepped up, and teamed up in our efforts to end the mental health crisis in America, thank you. I thank our colleagues in the Senate as well—Senator CHRIS MURPHY , Dr. BILLCASSIDY , and Senators C ORNYN  and ALEXANDER —for their leadership in bringing this bill to a vote before the Senate. As the Senate takes up the bill today, I ask them all to cast their votes while being mindful of the millions of American lives it will save. Most importantly, I close by thanking the millions who had the courage to come forward and share their stories of pain and suffering under this broken system—those who have lost a loved one, those who have a loved one who is sitting in a jail cell or who is homeless in the streets. To those who have been the last, the least, the lost, and the lonely, know that we will continue to listen. In the final version of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, we did not get everything we needed, but we needed everything we got, and we will continue to work together. When we began this journey 4 years ago, I challenged us all to realize the sad reality of, where there is no help, there is no hope. Know now that, as we pass and enact this bill, we will finally be able to say there is help and, most assuredly, there is hope. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Throughout history, You have been ever present to all believers. In times of darkness, we readily turn on lights. Millions of Americans in this season have variously turned to the celebration of the Christmas season, with its trees and lights, and Hanukkah, the Festival of Lights. Even so, in our political world, there remains the reality of considerable disagreement and contention. Where there is darkness here, send forth a spark of inspiration and grace to enlighten minds and warm hearts to respond to Your love for Your people. Eternal Father of us all, fill Your children with the delight that comes from light. May we walk no longer in the darkness of distrust, but join together in mutual understanding and peace toward the common wellbeing of our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. KUSTER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, how does America, the strongest economy in the history of the world, accept a world ranking of 23rd behind Spain and Chile in the quality of our roads and bridges—American infrastructure? Let’s look at the facts. In 2005, Congress passed a roads bill that was 35 percent smaller than what was needed just to bring our roads and bridges to a state of good repair. In 2009, Congress passed an economic stimulus bill, directed just 7 percent to our transportation and infrastructure, and, last year, we passed a transportation bill that provided less than half of what was needed to reverse the decline of our roads and bridges. This is not only weak, it is pathetically weak. Standard & Poor’s reports that for every $1.3 billion invested in roads and bridges, it creates 29,000 jobs—American jobs—produces $2 billion in economic growth, and reduces the Federal deficit by $200 million. Both Presidential candidates talked about a large investment in American infrastructure, but I am concerned that the Presidentelect’s program may be comprised of tax cuts for already planned projects. This would be selling the American people and the American economy short. You just spent $105 billion rebuilding the roads and bridges of Afghanistan. You just spent $76 billion rebuilding the roads and bridges of Iraq. It is time the Nation built here at home and in America. 
CONGRATULATING COACH JAMES FRANKLIN (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Coach James Franklin and his football team from my alma mater, Penn State, on winning the Big Ten Championship on Saturday over the Wisconsin Badgers. Many counted out the Nittany Lions in the second quarter after Wisconsin took a commanding 28–7 lead. As expected, Penn State turned things around quickly with their lethal passing attack and always formidable defense. Quarterback Trace McSorley set a Big Ten Championship game record with 384 passing yards and 4 touchdowns, as number 7 Penn State 
clinched one of the most impressive Big Ten titles of all time, with a 38–31 victory over number 6 Wisconsin. Pennsylvania and the Nittany nation are very proud of you. We are. 
PASS LEGISLATION TO FIND CURES (Ms. KUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge the Senate to pass and President Obama to sign into law the 21st Century Cures Act. This bipartisan legislation represents a comprehensive strategy to improve medical innovation, access lifesaving medicine, and improve mental health services. The bill includes funding for President Obama’s Precision Medicine Initiative, for Vice President BIDEN’s Cancer Moonshot, and a new program to improve our understanding for brain diseases, like Alzheimer’s disease. But most importantly, Congress has decided to address one of the worst public health crises of the 21st century. Sadly, last year, in my home State of New Hampshire, we had the third highest opioid overdose rate per capita in the entire country. But this crisis is not unique to my State. Across America, communities and families are shaken from the deaths of loved ones due to overdose. Opioid addiction is truly a national public health crisis. As founder and cochair of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, I urge the Senate to promptly pass this important bill. 
HONORING OHIO STATE REPRESENTATIVE JIM BUCHY (Mr. DAVIDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and pay tribute to Ohio State Representative Jim Buchy. Representative Jim Buchy will retire from the State House at the end of the year. In fact, this week will likely mark the last time on the floor for Jim Buchy as a representative, having served for more than 20 years in that role. I am thankful to know Jim. I respect him tremendously because he has been characterized more by his deeds than by his words. He is a strong Christian, a solid conservative, and an articulate Republican. He has championed the cause of freedom with great ideals, but a genuine passion to represent the people in his district and their common values in public service. He is a good man. Jim lives in Greenville, Ohio. He has raised a beautiful family, built and exited a very successful business, served the community—in his church, on the board of education, with 4–H, economic development, and in many ways. He has been a genuine leader in the Ohio prolife movement. He is passionate about improving education with local control. He has spent his career promoting traditional, valuebased education and important programs like FFA and 4–H. Jim Buchy’s role in the legislature will be missed, but he will live on through his reputation and the great example he set. Thank you for your service, Jim, and thanks for living your faith boldly, for loving your community dearly, and for giving so much of yourself in service to make sure the next generation is better off than they would have been without your leadership and service. God bless you. f 
SURGEON GENERAL’S REPORT ON ADDICTION (Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Surgeon General’s new report titled ‘‘Facing Addiction in America: The Surgeon General’s Report on Alcohol, Drugs, and Health.’’ In 2015, over 27 million Americans reported current use of illicit drugs or misuse of prescription drugs. That means that more people use prescription opioids than use tobacco, and there are more people struggling with substance abuse disorders than people with cancer. Substance abuse, misuse, and substance use disorders cost the U.S. more than $442 billion annually in crime, health care, and lost productivity—almost twice as high as the costs associated with diabetes. We in Congress have a responsibility to utilize this report and mobilize around its deeply scientific and evidencebased findings to find the best policy solutions that affect all of our constituents in districts across the country. Addiction does not discriminate. It affects Americans from every walk of life, regardless of race, class, gender, religion, or geographic location. Now is the time to face the addiction crisis head on. 
HONORING LEO DAUGHTRY (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my good friend, North Carolina Representative Leo Daughtry, as his tenure in the State House officially comes to a close. Leo has served as a strong voice for the fine citizens of Johnston County and commonsense conservative principles since first being elected to the State Senate in 1988. During his tenure in the State legislature, Leo has stood tall and fought tirelessly for the taxpayer and common sense in government. His guardianship of the judicial branch is well known, and I am honored to have had the privilege to work alongside him during my two terms in the State legislature. Leo has served our great State of North Carolina for nearly 3 decades in Raleigh, and he will be sorely missed. He leaves a great and distinguished legacy—one that every North Carolinian can be especially proud. On behalf of the countless citizens whose lives Leo has touched, I wish him and his wonderful wife, Helen, much happiness as they enter their next chapter in life. f 
WATER INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, later this week, the House will vote on the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, also known as the WIIN Act. This legislation includes a number of great provisions for Florida and my district, including promoting public private partnerships for dredging projects. Allowing these partnerships will help clear the backlog of Army Corps projects, at or below cost, all while adhering to Federal maintenance standards. This means that there will be more opportunities for projects to be completed in a reasonable timeframe, such as the federally authorized Anclote River dredging project in my district. Dredging the Anclote River would promote relief for local residents from chronic flooding and bring commerce back to the Tarpon Springs area. 
CONGRATULATING ROCHESTER HIGH SCHOOL ROCKETS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Rochester High School Rockets on winning the Illinois class 4A State football championship. The Rochester Rockets, who finished the season with a 13–1 record, defeated Johnsburg 38–14 on November 25 to secure the sixth State championship in football in the school’s history. That is 6 out of the last 7 years. On their way to the State title, the Rockets exceeded the national average in receiving yards, total touchdowns, tackles, sacks, and interceptions. The Rockets are setting a standard for athletic excellence in Illinois. Both girls’ and boys’ sports in Rochester have been thriving, including the girls’ soccer team winning its second straight title in 2016. Congratulations to this group of student athletes and their coach, and my friend, Derek Leonard, on another championship season. 
b1215 21ST CENTURY CURES (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank my colleagues for passing the 21st Century Cures Act. This legislation speaks for itself. It will bring healthcare research and infrastructure into the 21st century. During my time here in Congress, I have met with countless groups across Georgia 12, like the Alzheimer’s Association, who have told me how this legislation can and will change lives. In fact, more than 5 million Americans currently live with this disease. In a recent oped, the association noted that, if nothing is done to change the trajectory of Alzheimer’s, as many as 16 million Americans will have the disease by 2050, which will drain every dollar from our healthcare system. These staggering statistics go to show that the Cures Act will touch everyone’s life. By equipping researchers, the 21st Century Cures Act is the answer to unleashing the barriers so the medical community can develop and deliver lifesaving treatments to Americans who are battling diseases like Alzheimer’s. I was proud to vote in favor of this historic 21st Century Cures and see it pass with overwhelming bipartisan support, and I am excited to see this legislation bring hope to Americans and their loved ones. 
MEDIA SHOULD REPORT THE FACTS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans are frustrated because they know that many of the news stories they read are actually opinion pieces. If the facts do not fit the liberal world view, dissent is silenced, and the result is onesided and often misleading. The Pew Research Center found that a majority of Americans—59 percent— reject the idea that reporters should add their own opinions to their news stories. Americans believe that the media’s responsibility is to present the facts, not ignore them. The media has work to do to repair the selfinflicted damage to its credibility over the last few months. Distrust of the national media will continue until the media provides the American people with the facts instead of telling them what to think. 
GVSU WOMEN’S CROSS COUNTRY NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP (Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Grand Valley State University women’s cross country team for yet another NCAA Division II national championship. With their victory last month, the Lakers have won their fourth national title in 5 years and their fifth in school history—further cementing their status as a running dynasty. In addition to the national titles, four Lakers claimed AllAmerican honors. Among them, senior Kendra Foley won her second national championship in 3 years and her fourth straight AllAmerican honor. Let us commend these runners, their parents, and their coaches for the years of dedicated training and the countless sacrifices that were necessary to accomplish such a feat. These athletes demonstrated just how competitive west Michigan is on the national stage. I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating these talented women, their coaches, and the rest of Grand Valley State University. Anchor up, and go Lakers. f 
SHERIFF FRANK DENNING (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize one of the most dedicated public servants to Johnson County, Sheriff Frank Denning. Frank dedicated his more than 42year career to helping keep Kansas communities safe. That career began back in 1969 as a reserve police officer for the Great Bend Police Department, and for the past 33 years, he has proudly served the citizens of Johnson County. Frank served with the Great Bend, Larned, and Garden City Police Departments before joining the Johnson County Sheriff’s Office in 1978. Over the years, I have gotten to know Frank well, and I consider him to be a great friend and an even better public servant. His leadership in the sheriff’s office has made Johnson County a leader in reducing recidivism rates through the Second Chance and Reentry Programs. We have worked hand in hand on several Federal issues that are important to the Third District of Kansas, most notably the Kelsey Smith Act. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Frank on his retirement and in wishing him and his wife, Robin, all the best in the years to come. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 756) to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to provide for the dissemination of information regarding available Federal programs relating to energy efficiency projects for schools, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 756 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 756, the Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act, is an important bill that would help the Nation’s schools make use of existing Federal programs to reduce their energy use. There are currently a number of such programs that help schools undertake projects that improve energy efficiency. Unfortunately, school districts don’t always have the knowhow to navigate the complexities of the Federal system and take full advantage of these programs. This bill creates a simple, onestop shop to get all the needed information and help the school districts participate more fully in these programs. The bottom line is that the Nation’s schools will reduce their energy costs. As it is, energy use in American K–12 schools totals $6 billion a year, and reducing this figure can save taxpayer dollars or free up funds that schools can use on things other than on energy bills. H.R. 756 has no cost since it merely sets up a system under which existing school energy efficiency programs can work better. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 756. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Texas. This bill is important. I am here with my colleague Mr. CARTWRIGHT , who will be speaking on this in a few minutes and who played a major role in the passage of this legislation. Even though he is not a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, he is very much concerned about the opportunities that occur when we make our energy use more efficient. Across the country, K–12 school districts spend literally billions of dollars on their energy bills each year while an estimated 14 million American children attend deteriorating public schools. According to a Department of Education survey, 43 percent of schools indicated that the poor condition of their facilities interferes with the delivery of instruction, and those are probably schools in my district and in all of our colleagues’. By upgrading these systems, we can increase efficiency and get better educational outcomes. It is not good for kids to be cold or too hot when they are trying to study and learn. There are numbers of Federal initiatives already available to schools to help them become more energy efficient, but the problem is these programs are spread across the entire Federal Government, making it difficult for a small school, particularly in a rural district, to know where to look and how to take full advantage of these programs. That is where this legislation comes in. As I mentioned, introduced by Congressman CARTWRIGHT and with my strong support, this Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act will provide a coordinating structure for schools to help them better navigate available Federal programs and financing options. At this point, Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I thank the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership for taking this bill up under suspension today. I remain hopeful that a compromise energy package can still be agreed upon this Congress, and I am glad this bill was included in both the House and Senate versions of that energy package. Nonetheless, I am pleased that commonsense ideas, such as this one, may still become law even if the larger package proves too large a lift in the last days of this Congress. I thank Congressman PETER WELCH  for his leadership on this bill. It is no secret that he is one of the great champions in the House of Representatives on the issue of energy efficiency, and it has been my pleasure to work with him on this bill. Mr. Speaker, so many schools across the country are in need of upgrades and improvements to their facilities. In its last Report Card for America’s Infrastructure, the American Society of Civil Engineers gave the condition of our Nation’s schools a grade of D. As school administrators undertake badly needed improvements, they have an opportunity here to substantially increase their facilities’ energy efficiency, producing benefits for both the environment and the economy. In reducing their energy bills, schools can put the savings to use in other educational priorities. K–12 school districts currently spend billions on their energy bills every year—in fact, according to ENERGY STAR, approximately $6 billion every year—second only to personnel costs and way ahead of the costs of textbooks and supplies and things like that. Energy expenses are one of the few costs that can be reduced while, at the same time, improving classroom instruction. In fact, highperformance schools can lower a school district’s operating costs by up to 30 percent. There are numerous Federal initiatives already available to schools to help them become more energy efficient. As the gentleman from Vermont just mentioned, the problem is that these programs are spread across the Federal Government, making it challenging, time consuming, and costly for schools to identify and take full advantage of these programs. Introduced in the Senate as S. 523, by Senator SUSAN COLLINS , this bipartisan Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act aims to provide a coordinating structure for schools to help them better navigate available Federal programs and financing options. This legislation does not spend an additional dime of taxpayer money, and it keeps decisionmaking authority with the States, the school boards, and local officials. It is a bill that establishes a clearinghouse through the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, which will disseminate information on Federal programs and financing mechanisms that may be used to develop energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. b1230 This bill also directs the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to coordinate with Federal agencies and develop an outreach effort to streamline communications and promote available Federal programs. This kind of outreach may include a single Web site that school officials can go to for onestop shopping and learn about relevant energy efficiency programs. Overburdened school administrators shouldn’t have to spend hours and hours wading through the Federal bureaucracy as they look for ways to make energy efficiency improvements. This commonsense legislation will ensure that schools can more easily take advantage of already existing energy efficiency programs. It is a strategic 
and costsaving investment to relieve the fiscal pressure felt by school districts across the Nation while bringing us closer to American energy security. So for all of these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia, the Peach State (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 756, the Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2015. Efficient use of energy can help reduce consumption, lower energy bills, and may also help the environment as well. The benefits of energy efficiency can extend to our homes, businesses, and public institutions, including schools. There is a multitude of programs and finance mechanisms available for schools to use to further their energy efficiency goals. However, information on these resources is hard to find; and, as a result, schools may be missing out on opportunities to make their facilities more energy efficient. H.R. 756 would direct the Department of Energy to create a clearinghouse in order to disseminate information on energy efficiency programs and grants for schools. This bill would also help facilitate coordination between Federal agencies so that they may develop a collaborative effort to help schools meet their energy efficiency needs. I urge my colleagues to support our schools in their efforts to become more energy efficient by supporting H.R. 756. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, everything that needs to be said has been said. I appreciate the work of my colleague from Texas (Mr. OLSON ), and I really do appreciate as well the leadership of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ), who has been very, very active on anything related to making better use of our energy. I urge passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill that helps schools all across America. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 756. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 756. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
POWER AND SECURITY SYSTEMS (PASS) ACT Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6375) to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of NoLoad Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6375 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. OLSON. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6375, the Power and Security Systems (PASS) Act, extends an important exemption from current regulations for devices such as security systems and medical devices. Specifically, many electronic devices use external power supplies that are subject to strict limits on the amount of electricity they can consume when not in use. However, these provisions are not feasible for products that have to be on 24/7, such as home security alarms and heart monitors. This bill extends the existing exemption for external power supplies for these kinds of products. H.R. 6375 would ensure the continued availability of these important and potentially lifesaving devices, and I urge everyone to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6375, the Power and Security Systems Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague has stated, the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 requires electronic devices to meet certain efficiency standards while in noload mode or standby mode, and that obviously makes a lot of sense. You don’t want to be consuming unnecessary energy when, in fact, you don’t need to use energy; but the whole law was written in a way that it included some devices that are always on active mode. Security and life safety systems, such as video surveillance, intrusion detection, and access control systems, have to be active all of the time. So this law is now to extend something that was an exemption, and that is going to expire unless we pass this legislation and then allow manufacturers to avoid having to go through very costly steps in order to bring it into compliance with the law that would actually make their products ineffective when it came to surveillance. This law was originally introduced by Ranking Member FRANK PALLONE  and his colleague, ROYBLUNT , who is now in the Senate, to provide that temporary exemption. This is really going to extend it. I joined with the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ), and it is fitting that we are working with Mr. POMPEO  because he is about to start a new job that has just a little bit to do with security and intelligence. We congratulate him, by the way, on that appointment by Presidentelect Trump. This bill, which has the support of industry and efficiency advocates, addresses the unique needs of critical life safety and security systems to remain on at all times while meeting DOE energy efficiency standards. It is a practical bill and a straightforward bill. By the way, it is something that we should be trying together to do more often: when we pass a bill, it is a good bill, but we find out it has got a bit of a problem; instead of arguing about it, let’s fix it. We managed to accomplish that in this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Having no further speakers on this side, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia, the Peanut State (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6375, the Power and Security Systems Act. This bill directs the Department of Energy to decide by 2021 whether to amend standards for certain external power supply products, and directs that these standards would not apply to products manufactured before 2023. External power supplies convert power from an outlet to a lower voltage for use in everyday items like cell phones, laptops, power tools, and other electronics. The average home has 5 to 10 external power supplies, and that 
number continues to grow with more than 300 million shipped in the United States annually. The PASS Act would also allow for the Department of Energy to classify external power supplies connected to security or safety systems differently than other types. By design, external power supplies associated with a safety or security device are always in an active mode and simply do not have a no load or inactive mode, which is why the distinction is needed. This bill provides necessary regulatory relief while the Department of Energy develops standards for these products. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying that H.R. 6375 ensures that these important and potentially lifesaving devices work when needed. This is a great bill. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6375, the Power and Security Systems, or PASS Act. This bill will provide an important technical exemption to certain security and life safety products from energy efficiency standards set forth in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. A provision in the law increased the energy efficiency requirements for battery chargers and external power supplies—and I strongly supported that change. However, the provision also mistakenly included security and life safety products, and required that they be manufactured with a standby mode, despite being products that are inherently always on. Without providing this correction, the security industry will need to spend millions of dollars to comply with an energy standard that will yield no energy savings and could cost jobs, which was never the initial intent of the law. Six years ago, I stood on the House floor in support of legislation I authored that provided this exemption through July 2017. I’m pleased that Representative Welch, along with Representative Pompeo, has taken up this important issue and introduced this bill to extend the exemption I originally authored through 2023. And, the language in the bill before us today will also allow the Department of Energy to extend this exemption or reclassify these products into a separate class if they deem it appropriate. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense and consensus fix to a simple problem: the language was developed by both industry and efficiency advocates, with technical assistance from the Department of Energy. So it should come as no surprise that this bill enjoys broad support from the security industry and energy efficiency advocates. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6375. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. CHILDHOOD CANCER SURVIVORSHIP, TREATMENT, ACCESS, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3381) to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3381 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
TITLE I—MAXIMIZING RESEARCH THROUGH DISCOVERY Subtitle A—Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Reauthorization Act 
It is the sense of Congress that the Director of the National Cancer Institute should ensure that all applicable study sections, committees, advisory groups, and panels at the National Cancer Institute include one or more qualified pediatric oncologists, as appropriate. Subtitle C—NIH Report on Childhood Cancer Activities 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 317T the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3381, the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act of 2016, also known as the Childhood Cancer STAR Act. This bill was introduced by my Texas colleague, Representative MIKEMCCAUL; Representative CHRIS VANHOLLEN ; and Representative JACKIE SPEIER . The legislation we are considering today is important for many young Americans, as it is intended to help the most vulnerable among us: children who have been diagnosed with cancer. We have made progress in combating childhood cancer. In 1960, only 4 percent of children with cancer survived more than 5 years. Today, 80 percent of children with cancer survive, but there is work left to do. H.R. 3381 will expand the opportunities for childhood cancer research, improve childhood cancer surveillance, help improve the quality of life for childhood cancer survivors, and help ensure that there is proper pediatric cancer research within the National Institutes of Health. This legislation enjoys broad bipartisan support. It has 270 cosponsors, representing over 60 percent of the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3381. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3381, the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act. Nearly 16,000 children are diagnosed with cancer in the United States each year. These children bravely battle disease and carry burdens that no one their age should. The Childhood Cancer STAR Act gives those children and their families hope by encouraging improved research, development of treatments, and survivorship programs for children with cancer. This legislation urges the National Institutes of Health to find new opportunities to expand research into pediatric cancer and survivorship, including research on the causes of health disparities in pediatric cancer survivors. This legislation would also allow the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to award funding to help States better track pediatric cancer. Improved information about childhood cancer will help guide public health decisions and strategies as well as research. 
Expanding research that leads to treatments and cures is only part of the solution for children diagnosed with cancer. This bill recognizes that these children often require different care for the remainder of their lives. As many as twothirds of pediatric cancer survivors suffer from the effects of their disease and treatments long term, including secondary cancers and organ damage. To help children after they have beat pediatric cancer, this bill would create a pilot program to explore model systems of care for pediatric cancer survivors and to study barriers to adequate medical care for survivors of childhood cancer. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1245 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, a true champion for all things pediatric. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I want to also thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) for his work on this effort as well. I chair the Committee on Homeland Security, but I also chair the Congressional Childhood Cancer Caucus. It is one of the biggest threats to our children. It is the number one killer of our children. Therefore, I rise in support of H.R. 3381, the Childhood Cancer STAR Act, because it will address four major concerns facing the pediatric cancer community: survivorship, treatment, access, and research. I introduced this bill with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, CHRIS VANHOLLEN of Maryland and Ms. JACKIE SPEIER of California, to be the most comprehensive childhood cancer bill ever considered before this House. I cofounded, as I said, the Congressional Childhood Cancer Caucus 7 years ago as a platform to give children a voice, children who don’t have lobbyists, children who are dying, who have been impacted by this lifealtering diagnosis. To better fight childhood cancer, we must know more about it, and that is what the STAR Act does. It authorizes NIH to expand their efforts to collect data on childhood cancer so we can better understand its causes and the effects of treatment. It also builds on previous work from cancer research groups to provide doctors with the resources necessary to identify children who may be at risk for developing cancer, preventing the worst outcomes from becoming a reality. Finally, we must address the needs of twothirds of childhood cancer survivors facing serious lifelong medical conditions. Our bill will improve collaboration among providers so doctors are better able to care for survivors as they age. I am pleased this bill has the strong support of the patient advocacy community. I especially want to thank the St. Baldrick’s Foundation for their continued support and help and work on this important bill. Their CEO, Kathleen Ruddy, as well as Kevin Mathis and Danielle Leach, have been relentless advocates of this bill to make a difference in kids’ lives. I look forward to working with them in the future as we look to further address the needs of the childhood cancer community. Mr. Speaker, I close by stating that we are also very excited that the Cures Act bill passed the House of Representatives, a very important bill about curing not just childhood cancer, but all diseases. We urge the Senate to pass that legislation as well. In that bill was the Advancing Hope Act, which will make a difference in the number of drugs that can be developed to cure childhood cancer. In fact, it reauthorizes a bill that I introduced to the year 2020, a bill that has already produced a childhood cancer drug, the first since the 1980s, to cure neuroblastoma in children. When I went to meet with Rex Ryan at Dell Children’s Medical Center in Austin, Texas, in this clinical trial, the idea, Mr. Speaker, that you can actually pass a bill in this Congress and see that tangible result, a bill passed in this great body that transforms into saving the life of a child, is truly a tremendous and extraordinary experience. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, let me first say what a joy it has been to work with my colleague MIKEMCCAUL on this issue, and with CHRIS VANHOLLEN  as well. Their passion, compassion, and commitment to this issue is one that I have not seen replicated many times. Let me comment by talking about the letter I received from Sylvia DeCourcey in my district. Her son Tyler has been battling stage 4 neuroblastoma for about a year. She had written to me the following: ‘‘As a parent of a pediatric cancer patient, I wanted to say thank you for introducing the Childhood Cancer STAR Act. This has the potential to make a huge difference for my son Tyler and his fellow warriors. In August we lost two little buddies to the neuroblastoma monster. To think that if this act was already in place, that may not have happened, and the heartaches of their families and friends could be prevented. I hope and pray that my son will beat this. Thank you again for sponsoring the STAR Act. . . .’’ On Friday I received a followup email from Sylvia, and it still sends chills up and down my spine. Tyler has officially been in remission for 2 weeks. It is only fitting that today we are taking up the STAR Act. The STAR Act would not have been possible without the perseverance of families like Sylvia and Tyler and of the young people who are living with the cancers. There have been more than 50 organizations that have worked on this issue. Together they have managed to push even a gridlocked Congress into action. I would like to take a moment to highlight the personal importance of the survivorship provisions of the STAR Act, which I have been working on since 2011. Fifty years ago, only 4 percent of children with cancer survived more than 5 years beyond their diagnosis. Today the cure rate has increased to over 80 percent. It is a remarkable accomplishment. Now we have some 500,000 young people who have survived childhood cancer. But, as many families know, the fight against childhood cancer doesn’t end with remission. As many as two thirds of childhood cancer survivors experience secondary cancers, and that is why this particular provision of the bill is so important. It is imperative that the STAR Act has a strategy to improve their care and quality of life, and it would not have happened without the guidance of Susan Weiner and Sue Emmer of Children’s Cause for Cancer Advocacy. I would also like to thank the staff of all of our offices who worked so hard on this measure: Thomas Rice, Jessica Nalepa, Austin Carson, Kelly Cotner, and Andy Taylor with Congressman MCCAUL; Ziky Ababiya and Erika Appel with Congressman VANHOLLEN ; Jill Brimmer with Senator REED; Dana Richter with Senator MOORE CAPITO ; Adrianna Simonelli with Chairman UPTON ; Waverly Gordon with Ranking Member PALLONE ; Kelly Dixon with Majority Leader MCCARTHY; Charlene MacDonald with Democratic Whip HOYER ; Holly Gibbons and her team at the NIH; and Molly Fishman on my staff as well. I want to thank my colleagues for the time, the leadership, and for giving us an opportunity to do something to improve the lives of these children living with cancer and their parents who are advocating for them. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3381, the Childhood Cancer STAR Act, which would allow the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Health and Human Services to expand their efforts to research treatments and care for childhood cancer patients. Each year, thousands of children are diagnosed with cancer, and far too many children are lost to this horrible disease. Childhood cancer survivors and their families still face an uphill battle after remission, as the chances for recurrence can be higher for children. Advances in treatment have greatly improved outcomes, but more must be done to support patients, survivors, and their families. The bill would help expand efforts to improve the lives of childhood cancer survivors, develop new treatments, increase access to 
care, and accelerate lifesaving research for those impacted by childhood cancer. Childhood cancer patients and survivors have unique needs, and this bill will ensure that those needs are addressed through continued childfocused research. We must continue the fight until no child is lost to cancer. I urge my colleagues to support childhood cancer patients, survivors, and families by supporting the Childhood Cancer STAR Act. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Childhood Cancer STAR Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote in favor of H.R. 3381. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3381, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPANDING CAPACITY FOR HEALTH OUTCOMES ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2873) to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technologyenabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2873 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act’’ or the ‘‘ECHO Act’’. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2873, the Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act, also known as the ECHO Act. This bipartisan legislation by Senators HATCH and S CHATZ  passed the Senate 97–0 on November 29. House companion legislation has been introduced and championed by Representative MATSUI and me. This legislation requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to examine technologyenabled collaborative learning and capacity building models and their impact on the healthcare workforce, the implementation of public health programs, and the delivery of health services in rural and underserved areas to underserved populations. The bill would require the Secretary to consult with public and private stakeholders with expertise in these delivery models to evaluate their potential and larger adoption in States and within the Federal Government. Within 2 years, the Secretary then would submit to Congress and publicly post a report that includes an analysis of these programs which utilize technology in a novel manner. One such method these programs may employ is using a hubandspoke approach to connecting specialty and primary care workers for health surveillance and 
proper intervention. This holds particular promise for rural and underserved areas where it can be difficult to recruit and retain health professionals but could offer opportunities for continuing provider education and engagement. This legislation enjoys broad bipartisan support. It has been endorsed by a number of health professional organizations, including America’s Essential Hospitals, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Medical Association, the American Nurses Association, and the National Association of Community Health Centers, to name but a few. This legislation does not impact direct spending or revenues. It offers a means by which to evaluate successful models in the private sector and opportunities to build upon them and adopt them if successful. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on S. 2873. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2873, the ECHO Act, that I coled with my colleague Representative BURGESS in the House and Senators H ATCH  and SCHATZ in the Senate. The ECHO Act elevates the successful Project ECHO model, which uses technology to remotely connect healthcare providers to one another so they can communicate best practices and new techniques. UC Davis Medical Center, in my district of Sacramento, has some of the best and brightest doctors, and they are working hard to share their expertise across our region and the country. We are also fortunate in Sacramento to have a strong safety net of topnotch community health centers that work to provide the primary care needs of underserved populations. However, primary care is a big job, and often these providers have not received the education or training they need in specialty areas such as pain management. b1300 UC Davis is successfully partnering with over 125 community health centers in California, to provide that collaborative education on responsible and safe pain management, resulting in increased use of evidencebased tools and reduced prescriptions for highdose opioids. Better understanding of pain and effective pain management will contribute toward combating our Nation’s devastating opioid abuse and heroin epidemic. This Project ECHO bill is a first step in scaling approaches like this nationwide to ensure that every provider has access to the best information on a variety of topics, from pain to addiction, dermatology, infectious diseases, neurology, and much more. We need to build on this progress to ensure that we are harnessing the power of technology to improve patient care and save lives. I urge my colleagues to support S. 2873. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman BURGESS for his work on this, and I urge my colleagues to send S. 2873 to the President’s desk for signature. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, only 10 percent of physicians practice in rural areas in this country, but those areas contain 25 percent of the population. Obviously, there is a mismatch. Access to care in underserved areas is especially challenging for patients with chronic or complex conditions. Overburdened primary care providers often will have to refer complex patients to hospitals or specialists for care that actually could just as well be delivered at home. These unnecessary referrals delay care and increase costs for patients in the system. The Project Extension for Community Health Outcomes, or Project ECHO, is one example of an innovative model that is being used to address this challenge. Project ECHO uses interactive videoconferencing to link specialist teams with primary care providers in medical education clinics that include didactic teaching and casebased learning. Project ECHO has equipped local providers across the country with the extraordinary skills necessary to take on healthcare challenges threatening our communities. Project ECHO has been used to increase the number of docs able to prescribe for opioid abuse, to rapidly educate providers on public health crises, such as a novel flu outbreak, and to train providers to address complex mental health disorders. This bipartisan, bicameral bill has broad support from healthcare providers and systems. It passed the Senate 97–0 last week. Again, I want to thank Congresswoman MATSUI of California for her partnership on the bill. I encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2873, Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act, which would increase access to health care services in rural areas. This bill authorizes the Department of Health and Human Services to study the Project ECHO model, which launched a revolutionary long distance health care model that uses videoconferencing for collaboration and caselearning. The Project ECHO model has proven to be successful in bringing much needed health care to some of our nation’s most remote regions. By taking study of this model to the national level, we have the opportunity to fully harness emerging technologies to transform the way health care is practiced. As a life long health care professional from a district with rural and underserved areas, I know firsthand how challenging it can be to provide access to high quality health care to these areas. Connecting primary care providers with specialists through video streaming helps bridge the gap in both distance and access, reducing travel and costs for both patient and provider alike. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation so that we can continue working to provide specialty care to all Americans across the nation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2873. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING BROADBAND ACCESS FOR VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6394) to require the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on promoting broadband Internet access service for veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6394 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Broadband Access for Veterans Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6394, the Improving Broadband Access for Veterans Act of 2016. Our veterans face unique and difficult challenges upon their return home from service, but access to broadband Internet service should not be one. Broadband access can help equip our veterans with the tools necessary to be successful in today’s 21st century economy, and that is why I urge all of my colleagues to support this commonsense, nonpartisan bill. H.R. 6394 simply requires the Federal Communications Commission to submit a report to Congress on ways to better improve access to broadband for our Nation’s veterans; in particular, lowincome veterans and veterans living in rural areas. We as legislators will be able to make better informed policy decisions based upon the recommendations made in the report and, thereby, help ensure our veterans have access to such a fundamental tool in today’s economy. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 6394. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6394, the Improving Broadband Access for Veterans Act of 2016. I thank my colleagues, Mr. MCNERNEY, who will be speaking very shortly, and Mr. KINZINGER , both colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee with myself and Mr. LATTA . Both of them have had a focus on how the Internet with be helpful to veterans. Obviously, Internet is really helpful to all of us, but veterans have some special challenges, and we have a special obligation to veterans. This legislation is absolutely focused on the obligation that we have to try to help our veterans have access to the Internet. That is especially important in rural areas, something very close to the heart of Mr. LATTA and me. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ), the cosponsor of this bill with Mr. KINZINGER , and a wonderful colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Vermont for his work on this, and my colleague from Ohio, and also Mr. KINZINGER  from Illinois for his work. My bill, H.R. 6394, sets us on a path of working to close the digital divide for veterans. Access to broadband Internet service provides an important resource for the more than 20 million veterans across our Nation, with the highest population residing in my State of California. Having a broadband Internet connection helps veterans apply for jobs more easily, obtain necessary vocational training, and communicate with friends and family. It lets them keep up with current events. It gives them access to healthcare services. And they can get important information about their benefits and military records. Without broadband Internet access, it is difficult to fully participate in today’s society. Veterans face many challenges when they return home. Not having Internet access makes what is already an incredibly tough transition process even harder. This is particularly likely to be the case for lowincome veterans and veterans living in rural areas. Although we lack data on the number of veterans with broadband Internet access, the U.S. Census Bureau and the Pew Research Center both report that broadband adoption rates are significantly lower among Americans who live at or below the Federal poverty level. An analysis by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration at the U.S. Department of Commerce further finds that broadband adoption rates in rural areas of the country are lower than they are in urban areas. We must find ways to ensure that veterans, especially the more than 1.4 million living below the Federal poverty level and the 5.3 million residing in rural areas, are not left behind. This is why my bill directs the Federal Communications Commission to examine the current state of broadband access for veterans and what can be done to increase access, with a focus on lowincome veterans and veterans residing in rural areas. The findings and recommendations from the report will be important for paving the way to get more veterans connected. Again, I want to thank my cosponsor, Mr. KINZINGER , for his support, and I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, there are more than 20 million veterans across the Nation, and every single one of them deserves access to broadband Internet. This bill can help give Congress the information it needs to help improve the lives of our veterans, and I urge all of my colleagues for their support of the gentleman’s legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6394, the Improving Broadband Access for Veterans Act of 2016. The First District of Georgia is blessed to be home to four of our military’s fantastic installations and more importantly, to the great men and women who choose to serve our country. Our military’s greatest strength is found in those individuals who have chosen to defend our freedoms and our values. Those veterans bring a wealth of information and experience to the civilian sector that benefits innovation and those who are exposed to it. This bill requires the FCC to submit to Congress a report on the promotion of broadband access for veterans with a focus on lowincome veterans and those living in rural areas. By ensuring those veterans have access to highspeed broadband, that determination and hardworking spirit found in so many veterans that I’ve met can be fostered and grown. I want to thank Congressman MCNERNEY , Congressman KINZINGER and the rest of the Energy and Commerce Committee for their hard work on such an important issue for the growth of our veteran community. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6394. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE THAT ACCESS TO DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS TOOLS AND CONNECTIVITY IS NECESSARY TO PREPARE YOUTH Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 939) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that access to digital communications tools and connectivity is necessary to prepare youth in the United States to compete in the 21st century economy. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 939 Whereas the United States should lead the world in providing highquality education and opportunities to its citizens; Whereas digital skills are essential for education and preparing citizens for the economy of the future; Whereas, on a daily basis, teachers across the country assign homework that requires Internet access to be completed; Whereas there are 5,000,000 households with schoolage children in the United States that do not have highspeed Internet access at home and fall into what is known as the ‘‘homework gap’’; Whereas a disproportionate number of students without highspeed Internet access at home reside in lowincome and minority households; Whereas students and families in rural areas face additional challenges when homework requires Internet access that is out of reach; Whereas every student deserves an opportunity at 21st century success; Whereas participation in the classroom can be improved when all students are equipped with the tools to complete their homework; Whereas educators can increase the use of cuttingedge education technology and digital learning resources when those resources 
remain accessible during outofschool hours; Whereas data show that students have received lower grades and been unable to complete their assignments because of their lack of Internet access at home; Whereas improved student access to postsecondary education and workforce opportunities can be made possible by increasing the ability of students to apply for employment, postsecondary education, and financial aid opportunities; Whereas leaders in the public and private sectors have recognized that the homework gap is an issue of national importance and partnered to find cooperative solutions to address it; and Whereas instilling digital skills and the knowledge to succeed in the 21st century economy in the Nation’s students is vital to the Nation’s global competitiveness: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that access to digital communications tools and connectivity is necessary to prepare youth in the United States to compete in the 21st century economy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I am pleased to support another resolution from our colleagues from across the aisle. Broadband and the Internet have become nearly indispensable parts of our 21st century economy. Whether it is bringing the world’s information to your fingertips or connecting you to people around the world, it is increasingly clear that improved access to the Internet is a vital part of our digital future, and particularly so for our Nation’s children. This resolution affirms the commitment of the House of Representatives to ensuring all Americans, particularly students, have the tools they need to succeed. As members of the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, Democrats and Republicans alike firmly espouse the goal of bringing broadband access to all children of the United States. I thank the gentleman from Vermont for shining a light on this important issue, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H. Res. 939. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here is the situation: our kids are going to school, they are getting homework, and 70 percent of the teachers assign homework that presumes access to the Internet, but many of our kids don’t have access to the Internet. About 5 million, or onethird of households with school age children in the U.S., lack a highspeed connection at home. That is the ‘‘homework gap.’’ It creates a lot of anxiety, as well as some inability to get the homework done. And the anxiety for these kids is that they go home, they have got an assignment, they want to do it, and they don’t have the tools. It puts enormous pressure on the parents. We have seen some reports where, in order to address this outside of the school, they will park buses that have highspeed Internet access, and the parents will bring the kids back to school and sit outside while the kids sit on the bus where they have the homework connection. That is asking a lot of our parents, it is asking a lot of our kids, and this resolution is just acknowledging what I think we all know is the obvious. That is, if kids are going to have a shot at getting ahead, if they are going to be able to do their homework, we have got to get that Internet access out in the area so we don’t have 5 million kids without it. b1315 It is such a real problem when you get into the rural areas, and that is where Mr. LATTA and I know that, and the reason is because extending the broadband out into the rural areas is economically more of a challenge for some of our companies. We believe that, ultimately, we have got to have Internet access, much like we did with electricity, where we make a policy that says we are getting that broadband to the last mile. This resolution demonstrates an ongoing bipartisan commitment to achieve that goal. I know, Mr. Speaker, you have a lot of rural areas in your district as well. I urge my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from Vermont. I know we have worked for well over a year now on rural issues on the committee, and I appreciate his leadership on that. I also thank the gentleman for working across the aisle with us to highlight this important need. American students must have every tool to prepare themselves for an increasingly competitive future, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in support of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution, which would express the sense of the House of Representatives that students everywhere should have access to digital tools that will help to further their education in the 21st century economy. This resolution expresses the sense of the House that the United States should be leading the world in proving the digital tools necessary to succeed and create new opportunities. Nearly 5 million households in the United States do not have highspeed internet, meaning those households don’t have access to an increasingly important aspect of a modern education. By increasing access to millions of children around the country, we take a step forward in promoting a 21st century education. This would also improve the global competitiveness of the United States as countries around the world increasingly promote broadband access in their educational systems. I look forward to working with my colleagues to expand possibilities for children and to create an environment in which we can incentivize growth and new opportunities. I thank the Energy and Commerce Committee and Congressman WELCH for their hard work and diligence on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 939. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE WITH RESPECT TO THIRDPARTY CHARGES ON CONSUMER TELEPHONE BILLS Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 932) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to thirdparty charges on consumer telephone bills. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 932 Whereas telephone companies are required to permit third parties to bill for services on a consumer’s monthly telephone bill in certain circumstances; Whereas ‘‘cramming’’ is the act of placing unauthorized charges on a wireline, wireless, or bundled services telephone bill of a consumer; Whereas the Federal Communications Commission estimates that cramming has harmed tens of millions of people in the United States; and Whereas existing protections against cramming have not prevented harm to consumers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that protections against cramming should be improved and consumers should be empowered to stop unwanted thirdparty charges on their telephone bills. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of H. Res. 932, a sense of Congress offered by our colleague, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). The use of thirdparty billing on consumer telephone bills can provide consumers with convenience. Unfortunately, this has also been an area that has resulted in consumer fraud. I agree with the gentlewoman that we should support efforts to provide consumers with tools to protect themselves from experiencing unauthorized charges on their phone bills. Though there are existing protections in place that prohibit socalled cramming, it is clear that more needs to be done to ensure that America’s consumers aren’t footing the bills for these unauthorized and illegal charges from thirdparty vendors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H. Res. 932, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Consumer fraud continues, and oftentimes it is individuals figuring out how to use the Internet to get access to your bills and cram charges. Sometimes it is even companies with respected reputations that somehow go awry and then end up ripping off their customers. It is bad in two respects. One is that it costs money that consumers don’t have. I mean, most folks are trying to make ends meet and it is pretty tough. The second is that it really undercuts the confidence that I think a consumer wants to have and is entitled to have, that when they are putting their money out, they are being treated right, they are being treated fairly. This resolution has been sponsored by Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY , and I have got to say that we are lucky in this Congress to have her for all these years leading the charge on consumer issues. She is vigilant, she is tough, and she is fair. Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY brought this to the attention of this body, and I urge that all of us support this resolution. I want to acknowledge my gratitude for her work over the years as an untiring consumer advocate. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, both for yielding and for his kind words. I appreciate that. I also thank my colleague across the aisle for his support for this resolution. H. Res. 932 calls for action on unauthorized phone charges slipped onto consumer phone bills. As my colleague pointed out, that is called cramming. Charges listed on your phone bill don’t necessarily come from your phone company. Phone companies allow third parties to place charges on phone bills. Sometimes that can be a convenience. If you are texting a donation, that charge may also be indicated on your phone bill. However, consumers may end up paying charges that they never authorized in the first place, and scammers can cram the bill with small fees that can add up to significant sums over time. The Federal Communications Commission estimates that the placement of unauthorized charges, known as cramming, has harmed tens of millions of Americans. Most of those phony charges go unnoticed. If you look at your phone bill, they may be listed as something vague like ‘‘monthly fee’’ or ‘‘service charge.’’ My resolution calls for action to stop this fraud. Consumer watchdogs have already taken some important steps. In 2014 and 2015, the Federal Communications Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, and State attorneys general reached settlements with major wireless carriers on cramming. Under those settlements, wireless carriers must disclose and obtain consumer consent for thirdparty charges on their customers’ wireless bills. While those settlements were an important step, we still have gaps in our consumer protections. The cramming settlement only covers wireless customers, and those protections are time limited. Landline customers are only protected if their phone company takes action voluntarily. So consumers really do need strong, ongoing protections against cramming, regardless of which phone company they use and whether they purchase wireless, landline, or bundled phone services. That is why we offer this resolution expressing the sentiment of the House that protections against cramming should be improved and consumers should be empowered to stop unwanted charges. Again, this resolution is only a first step. I urge every phone company to ensure that their customers understand and consent to any extra charges placed on their phone bills. In the next Congress, I am hopeful that the Energy and Commerce Committee push for stronger cramming protections through hearings and, when necessary, legislation. As we take this important first step, I do want to thank my cosponsors on this resolution: Congressman GENE GREEN , a member of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee; Congressman GRIJALVA ; Congressman HONDA ; and Congresswoman B USTOS . I also thank Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member PALLONE on the full Committee, and Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member ESHOO on the Communications and Technology Subcommittee for working with us to bring this resolution to the floor. Today I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and I look forward to working with all of you to realize this resolution’s goal: No more phony charges. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 932, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to thirdparty charges on consumer telephone bills. This legislation resolves that it is the sense of the House that protections against cramming, which is the act of placing unauthorized charges on a telephone bill, should be improved. It is an effort to bring to light the form of fraud called cramming and its effect on consumers’ bills. Many of our Nation’s major telecommunications providers have recognized this issue and have made strides in increasing protections for consumers. By passing this resolution, we are taking one step closer to protecting consumers from fraudulent activities and ensuring that those who are vulnerable in our society are no longer susceptible to scammers. We must continue to address these cases of fraud head on, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on this issue and others. I applaud the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work on this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is another area where I am proud to join my colleagues in showing the bipartisan work that has been the hallmark of the Energy and Commerce Committee. I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for her leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 932. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE CENTENNIAL ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4680) to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cultural resources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4680 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Park Foundation Endowment Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Amendments Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. August 25, 2016, marked the 100th anniversary of the National Park Service; still making it newer than the Antiquities Act, but it was their 100th anniversary. Today, the Park Service has 400 units covering 84 million acres, but they do have some significant problems; namely, a $12 billion backlog in their maintenance issues. We seem to add new parks all the time, and that makes the Park Service fall further behind in this effort. It is fun to create a new national park. It is not sexy to talk about fixing a sewer system. So that requires us to be a little bit more creative than we have been in the past, and to provide new tools so that the Park Service can meet this challenge that they have. This bill before us has been crafted in consultation with the Park Service, the Park Foundation, and other interested parties. It establishes two significant things. One, a new Centennial Challenge Fund at the Treasury to help the Park Service maintain and improve visitor service facilities. This fund will raise money on a onetoone match between the Federal Government and a private match. Last year in appropriations, $15 million was put into this concept and it was matched by $33 million in private donations, which is a number that I think we will be able to improve on in the future. H.R. 4680 also establishes a Second Century Endowment at the National Park Foundation, which will allow the private sector to truly work with the Park Service in a true publicprivate partnership. It also raises the spending authorization for volunteers in the parks. This does not fix all of the National Park Service problems, but it is a good start. For their centennial, this is an excellent way to move forward into the challenges that they face. I will include in the RECORD exchanges of letters with Chairman KLINE of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, as well as Chairman CONAWAY of the Committee on Agriculture. We appreciate their cooperation in scheduling this bill and any of the others, either by unanimous consent or by general leave. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. It is a good measure. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, April 11, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 4680, the National Park Service Centennial Act. As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 4680 from further consideration by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by discharging the bill, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any future jurisdictional claim on this or similar matters. Further, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of conferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this matter and I look forward to continued cooperation between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, May 6, 2016. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chariman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 16, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported as I amended H.R. 4680, the National Park Service Centennial Act, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to 
the Committee on Natural Resources, with additional referrals to the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Education and the Workforce. I ask that you allow the Committee on Agriculture to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for your continued strong cooperation between our committees. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  WORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 11, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 4680, the National Park Service Centennial Act. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with respect to H.R. 4680 on those matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 4680, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my Committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R.. 4680 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, JOHNKLINE, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, May 11, 2016. Hon. JOHNKLINE, Chairman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 16, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported as amended H.R. 4680, the National Park Service Centennial Act, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with additional referrals to the Committee on Education and the Workforce and Agriculture. I ask that you allow the Committee on Education and the Workforce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Education and the Workforce represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for your continued strong cooperation between our committees. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). b1330 Ms. TSONGAS. Throughout this centennial year of the National Park Service, I have been reminded of something that Stephen Mather, that agency’s very first Director, once said. Reflecting on the new agency, he remarked: ‘‘The parks do not belong to one State or to one section . . . The Yosemite, the Yellowstone, the Grand Canyon are national properties in which every citizen has a vested interest; they belong as much to the man’’—and, I would add, woman—‘‘of Massachusetts, of Michigan, of Florida as they do to the people of California, of Wyoming, and of Arizona.’’ Those words are a powerful reminder in this era of political division and disagreement: national parks are national. They cut across party lines and geographic boundaries. They enjoy broad support, and they bring people together—something we seem to need now more than ever. For 100 years, generation after generation of Americans have made the commitment that our most significant historical, cultural, and natural sites should be preserved in perpetuity for future generations. Our national parks have been famously called ‘‘America’s best idea’’ and have become engrained in our national identity—places like the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, and Ellis Island, and in my own district, Minute Man National Historical Park, which commemorates the shot heard ‘round the world, and Lowell National Historical Park, which recognizes the people, places, and radical innovation that spawned our Nation’s industrial revolution. These parks protect, they celebrate, and give access to the many places that have shaped and defined who we are as a people and a country, and it is important to remember that these places would not have been protected absent support from the Federal Government. Investments in our parks make economic sense. Nationally, the parks generate nearly $30 billion in economic activity and support 250,000 private sector jobs. When people visit our national parks, they also support nearby restaurants, hotels, and local outfitters and guides. According to a recent economic study conducted by the National Park Service, every Federal dollar invested in our parks contributes $10 in economic activity. The legislation before us today includes several helpful provisions as the National Park Service begins its second century. The legislation makes a commitment to the Centennial Challenge, a matching grant program that leverages Federal dollars to encourage private investments to support signature centennial projects that are identified by the National Park Service. It also establishes an endowment at the National Park Foundation to support the missions and goals of the Park Service, makes improvements to the VolunteersInParks program, and helps the National Park Service recruit and hire more young and diverse Americans. This legislation also includes my amendment to ensure that lowincome seniors retain access to the Senior Pass, a lifetime pass that provides entrance to all of our Nation’s public lands for people age 62 and above. As I am sure my colleagues can attest, seniors in our districts living on a very constrained fixed income may struggle to assemble the $80 to make a onetime payment to purchase a lifetime Senior Pass. This legislation creates a new $20 annual Senior Pass and allows seniors who have purchased four of those passes to trade them in and receive a lifetime Senior Pass. This amendment ensures that we can appropriately balance the need for new revenue for the Centennial Challenge with fundamental fairness for all of our Nation’s seniors. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member GRIJALVA , and the National Park Service for working with me on this provision of the bill. Despite these successes, no Member of this body should ignore the stark reality that this legislation is a missed opportunity. On the Natural Resources Committee where I am proud to serve as ranking member of the Federal Lands Subcommittee, there is deep frustration and dissatisfaction with the $12 million deferred maintenance backlog at the National Park Service. Democrats put a centennial bill on the table that starts to address this issue, but it never received serious consideration by our counterparts in the majority. New revenue generated by fees, especially at the expense of our Nation’s seniors, will not solve the issue of deferred maintenance. In the short term, the legislation before us today is a good first step, and I support the bill. But Congress must find a way to appropriate new funds to our national parks in order to preserve and protect them for future generations of Americans. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), who is the chairman of 
the Federal Lands Subcommittee and who has jurisdiction over this. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this year marked the centennial anniversary of the National Park Service and of that uniquely American notion that the most beautiful and historic lands should be set aside for the ‘‘use, resort, and recreation’’ of the American people, as the original Yosemite Grant Act put it, or, in the words of the Organic Act of 1916 that established the national parks, ‘‘to conserve the scenery and the natural and historic objects and the wildlife therein and to provide for the enjoyment of the same.’’ Yet, a century into this endeavor, the Park Service faces considerable challenges to achieving its objectives. The Park Service’s original charge was to manage just 35 national parks and monuments. Today it is responsible for more than 400 units across 84 million acres. This exponential growth has left many locations in disrepair, facing a growing backlog of deferred maintenance now exceeding $12 billion. In addition to desperately needed maintenance, the Park Service also faces challenges with fee collection, technological upgrades, management of concessions contracts for visitor services, and, most disturbingly, a substantial decrease in overnight visitation. The decline has been particularly high among young people. Recent reports indicate that visits to parks by those 15 years of age and younger has fallen by half over the last decade. The National Park Service Centennial Act provides the Park Service with new tools and authorities that it can use to maintain and improve the system. Provisions in this bill help reduce the Service’s maintenance backlog by generating new revenue to pay for needed capital improvements and leveraging private philanthropic donations to amplify this effort. In turn, these funds will be used to enhance visitor services, provide WiFi and cellular access that young people demand, and expand the VolunteersInParks and Public Lands Corps programs that are so important in welcoming the public to the public lands. I believe the three greatest challenges to Federal lands management are to restore public access to the public lands, to restore sound management to the public lands, and to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to those communities directly affected by the public lands. This bill does all three. It promotes public access and enjoyment of the parks by promoting the expansion, modernization, and improvement of visitor services and amenities. It promotes good management by placing priority and generating funds necessary to address the growing maintenance backlog. It repairs the relationship between the Federal and local governments by giving local officials a say in future historic designations. I can’t think of a better way to celebrate the last century and to begin the next century of our National Park Service than to restore the vision of its founders. Mr. Speaker, this bill does so, and I urge its adoption. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This month marks the end of a year of celebration. Over the past 12 months, hundreds of millions of people from our country and from around the world have joined together to celebrate one of the most valued and uniquely American ideas: our national park system. In our democratic society, the park system is uniquely one of the most democratic public institutions because, after all, all Americans own the park system and it is for all Americans, regardless. For many, this year was a time to reflect on what began 100 years ago with a single mission: to protect our unique American heritage for the enjoyment of future generations. Last year, national parks across this Nation saw a record 307 million visitors. People came to the parks to explore, to learn and reflect on the grand natural beauty and the diverse history of our Nation. Fifty years ago, Members of Congress understood the need to recognize these types of milestone accomplishments by passing legislation to reinvigorate not only the agency, but the American public. A decade before the 50th anniversary of the National Park Service, the House began pulling together a bill that demonstrated to the American people that they were willing to put their money where their mouth was. In honor of the National Park Service’s 50th anniversary, Congress funded the Mission 66 program at over $900 million, the equivalent of $8 billion in 2016 dollars. The National Park Service expected 80 million visitors to celebrate that anniversary. Unsurprisingly, the American public beat expectations. The parks saw almost 130 million visitors in 1966 alone. This Congress, which has the benefit of knowing how much Americans value their national parks, should be authorizing at least an equal amount. Instead, we have before us a bill that is but a shadow of what it could have been, a far cry from what my Democratic colleagues and I in the committee introduced back in September 2015. Instead of passing a bill that gives a standing ovation to the accomplishments of the Park Service and sets the bar high for the next 100 years, today we are passing legislation that is the equivalent of a golf clap—very quietly. Even previous Republican administrations have better understood the value of our national parks. In the last Republican administration, President Bush and Secretary Kempthorne were prepared to provide $2.5 billion in additional operating funds, an additional $1 billion in centennial commitment funds, and $1 billion in centennial challenge funds to encourage private charitable investment in our country’s parks. In comparison, this legislation provides a tiny amount of funding compounded by years of budget reductions. Further, this bill asks that the mandatory spending come from only one source: mandatory increases to the price of the Parks’ Senior Pass. What we are seeing today is a shell of a bill. Only a few provisions remain, which, although marginally helpful to ensure the vitality of the national parks for the future, fall far short of what is necessary and needed. What we are seeing today is a missed opportunity to do what is right. This bill, while optimistically named, is a year late and a couple of billion dollars short. Maybe we will get it right in the next 100 years. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be here. This is a good bill. I appreciate those who have spoken so far for their willingness to take ‘‘yes’’ as an answer. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4680, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ARBUCKLE PROJECT MAINTENANCE COMPLEX AND DISTRICT OFFICE CONVEYANCE ACT OF 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1219) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1219 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, H.R. 1219, sponsored by the great Congressman from Oklahoma, allows a water district in Oklahoma to take ownership of two buildings and 2 acres of land that they have paid for, they have operated, and they have maintained for the last several decades. Unfortunately, they still remain in Federal ownership, and they need this legislation to actually transfer it to relieve the district of burdensome paperwork and also relieve the Federal Government of some liability. This bill has been done 27 other times over the last two decades, which simply means there needs to be some kind of reform in the process to remove the slow pace of the Bureau of Reclamation so we don’t have to go through such a complicated effort for such a worthy cause. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1219 is a straightforward, reasonable piece of legislation worthy of passage. The bill would allow a title transfer of two Federal buildings to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District in south central Oklahoma. b1345 These buildings are part of the Arbuckle Project, which is a water project, authorized by Congress in 1962, to provide flood control, recreational opportunities, and municipal water supply. Nearly all of the facilities within the Arbuckle Project were already transferred to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District in 2012 after the district finished repaying what it owed the Federal Government for construction. However, due to some overly narrow language in the legislation authorizing the Arbuckle Project, two buildings within the project have yet to be transferred. Transferring the two remaining buildings will save taxpayer money that would otherwise be needed to operate and maintain the buildings and will also relieve the Federal Government of any potential future liability associated with the buildings. This is straightforward legislation that should be quickly passed. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE). Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for yielding, and I certainly want to thank him for moving this expeditiously through his committee and onto the floor. I want to associate myself with his remarks about the need for reform because this is a fairly routine matter. I rise in support of H.R. 1219, the Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act. This bill is a straightforward land conveyance, which has both Federal and local support. H.R. 1219 would authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain lands and buildings of the Arbuckle Project, in Murray County, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District. In 1962, Congress authorized the payment of reimbursable costs for construction, operation, and maintenance of the Bureau of Reclamation’s Arbuckle Master Conservancy District in southcentral Oklahoma. The district completed repayment of the capital costs of the project in September of 2012. In accordance with the Bureau of Reclamation’s policy framework for title transfer, in December 2014, the Bureau of Reclamation and the district executed an agreement to transfer, in fee title, certain facilities that could be more efficiently and effectively managed at the local level. The title transfer involves approximately 2.83 acres of land. On this land is a small house, associated structures, and the conservancy district’s headquarters office building. The House and property are used to accommodate a district employee who maintains and inspects the dam and the pumping facilities. The headquarters office building is the base of operation for the district. This bill also divests the Federal Government of its responsibility and liability associated with the district’s facilities. Reclamation and the district have worked cooperatively and successfully to address all of the elements necessary to bring this legislation forward and make this transfer proceed as smoothly as possible. I am pleased that this bill is an agreement with which both the Federal and local interests are satisfied. I want to urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Again, I want to thank the chairman for his help in this matter. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, again, like I said, this is straightforward legislation that should be quickly passed. We urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1219, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS ECONOMIC EXPANSION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6401) to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6401 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this excellent piece of legislation. The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is experiencing an economic resurgence, and they have for the last several years. However, there is a challenge on maintaining a capable workforce to sustain that growth on the island, especially as they are phasing out the use of foreign workers. To do that, the phasing out, which is occurring at a rate that actually is detrimental to sustaining economic growth, we need to provide some kind of flexibility to the Northern Mariana Islands to meet this challenge. This bill does it in three specific ways, each of which is a commonsense solution to a very, very complex issue. It is a great bill, and I urge its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman BISHOP for allowing this bill to come to the floor. I appreciate it very much. The economy of the Northern Mariana Islands grew at a rate of 3.5 percent last year, the fourth straight year of growth for my district. The Bureau of Economic Analysis announced the new data a week ago. This strong economic expansion is good news for the people of the Northern Mariana Islands. We desperately want this growth to continue because our economy is still only threequarters of what it was in 2000. But there is a problem with keeping that growth going—our limited population. For that reason, I have introduced, with Congressman RADEWAGEN , bipartisan legislation, H.R. 6401, the Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  letters of support for H.R. 6401 from the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands’ Governor, Ralph DLG. Torres; the CNMI Strategic Economic Development Council; the Office of the Senate President, Nineteenth Northern Marianas Commonwealth Legislature; the Commonwealth Healthcare Corporation; the Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands; and from the Saipan Chamber of Commerce. 
COMMONWEALTH OF THE  NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS , SAIPAN , MP, DECEMBER 4, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives. Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN SABLAN : I write to support H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage facing the Commonwealth that threatens our growing economy and public health. The latest report from Bureau of Economic Analysis indicates the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year. A growing economy needs a qualified workforce. And while there are now more U.S. workers than foreign workers in the Northern Marianas for the first time in decades, there are still not enough to meet the labor demand. The temporary increase in the number of CommonwealthOnly Transitional (CW) workers provided in your bill will particularly help small businesses retain the workers needed to maintain operations. Most importantly, the Commonwealth’s only hospital, stand to lose critical staff including 34 staff nurses, two infection control nurses, a clinical laboratory scientist and specialists in mammography, ultrasonography without the relief provided in H.R. 6401. Building a qualified U.S. workforce in the Northern Marianas is a priority for my administration. The CW worker fee increase in the legislation will provide additional funding for efforts to recruit, educate, and train these workers and establish a permanent pool of workers to fill local jobs. H.R. 6401 is critical to continued economic growth in the Northern Marianas. The bill has my full support. Sincerely, RALPH DLG T ORRES , Governor. 
CNMI S TRATEGIC ECONOMIC  DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL , December 1, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : The CNMI Strategic Economic Development Committee is in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage threatening the growth of the Northern Marianas economy. The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis indicates the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year, a recent high of 3.5 percent. This is attributable to increased private investment and tourism now threatened by the lack of available qualified workers on the island. The modest oneyear increase in CommonwealthOnly Transitional Workers (CW) proposed under H.R. 6401, will provide the business community with the necessary human resources to continue to operate and propel an expanding economy. It is imperative that we do not stymie our plan for future economic growth, now beginning to come to frutition, with a labor shortage in critical areas. The bill also provides additional funds for the job training/education programs proven effective at expanding the pool of qualified and skilled U.S. workers in the CNMI. The CNMI Strategic Economic Development Council fully supports H.R. 6401 and appreciates all of your efforts in addressing the labor crisis in the Northern Marianas. Very truly yours, ALEXANDER A. S ABLAN , Sub Committee Chairman, Labor & CW Task Force, CNMI Strategic Economic Development Committee. 
OFFICE OF THE SENATE PRESIDENT , NINETEENTH NORTHERN MARIANAS  COMMONWEALTH LEGISLATURE , Saipan, MP, December 6, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : As President of the Senate of the Nineteenth Northern Marianas Commonwealth Legislature, I am in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that increases the FY 2017 cap on Commonwealthonly Transitional Workers (CW) to ensure continued economic growth and protect public health. After more than a decade of decline, our Commonwealth economy is in resurgence. The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis reports our economy grew for the fourth straight year, at a rate of 3.5 percent in 2015. A qualified workforce is necessary to sustain our businesses and attract new investment. While our investment in job training and education has been successful with the number of U.S. workers now outnumbering foreign workers, there are still more jobs than U.S. workers. The temporary increase in CW workers provided in the bill will help meet the demand and ensure that our business community has access to needed labor. The CW cap also affects our ability to deliver health care services as the Commonwealth’s only hospital is facing the loss of many nurses and those in specialized health care positions. We are also in support of the increase in the CW worker fee as it increase the resources available to educate and train U.S. workers. H.R. 6401 is critical to the present and future of the Northern Marianas and has my full support. Sincerely, FRANCISCO M. B ORJA, President. COMMONWEALTH HEALTHCARE CORPORATION , COMMONWEALTH OF THE  NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS , Saipan, December 2, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO ‘‘KILILI’’ CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : Commonwealth Healthcare Corporation (CHCC) is in strong support of H.R. 6401. This critical legislation would provide an increase in the FY 2017 limit on Commonwealthonly Transitional Workers (CW) and 
allow the CHCC to petition for renewal of 39 essential healthcare workers impacted when the CW cap was reached just two weeks into the Fiscal Year. Our Commonwealth Health Center (CHC) is the only hospital in the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, providing inpatient and outpatient acute, chronic, and emergency health care services to the people of the CNMI. We also maintain community health centers on the populated islands of Saipan, Tinian, and Rota. Our ability to continue to provide these essential onisland health care services, and maintain quality patient care and safety as well as maintain overall public health, depends on being able to maintain current staffing levels and specialized expertise. Without an increase to the CW cap this year, CHC stands to lose the services and experience of 34 staff nurses, two infection control nurses, a clinical laboratory scientist and specialists in mammography and ultrasonography. For the foregoing reasons, we are in full support H.R. 6401 and are grateful for your work in addressing this critical health care issue. Sincerely, ESTHER L. M UNA, Chief Executive Officer. 
HOTEL ASSOCIATION OF THE  NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS , December 2, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN SABLAN : The Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands is in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage threatening the growing hospitality industry in the Northern Marianas. Due in large part to increased private investment and tourism the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis recently announced that the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year. However, our hotel and resort properties are in critical need of labor, particularly those with skills and experience in the hospitality industry, culinary arts and property maintence. The inability of employers to renew or hire new CommonwealthOnly Transitional Workers (CW) threatens their continued operations and chills future investment in our islands. The modest oneyear increase in CWs, proposed under H.R. 6401, will allow the hospitality industry to continue to provide first class service to our tourists The Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands fully supports H.R. 6401 and appreciates all of your efforts in addressing the labor crisis in the Northern Marianas. Very truly yours, GLORIA CAVANAGH , Chairman. 
SAIPAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , Saipan, December 2, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : The Saipan Chamber of Commerce is in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage threatening the growth of the Northern Marianas economy. The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis indicates the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year, a recent high of 3.5 percent. This is attributable to increased private investment and tourism now threatened by the lack of available qualified workers on the island. The modest oneyear increase in CommonwealthOnly Transitional Workers (CW) proposed under H.R. 6401, will provide the business community with the necessary human resources to continue to operate and propel an expanding economy. It will also provide additional critical funds for job training and education programs that are steadily expanding the pool of qualified and skilled U.S. workers on Saipan. The Saipan Chamber of Commerce fully supports H.R. 6401 and appreciates all of your efforts in addressing the labor crisis in the Northern Marianas. Very truly yours, VELMA M. P ALACIOS , President of the Board. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to thank again Chairman ROBBISHOP of the Natural Resources Committee for his understanding and support. I also thank Chairman DON YOUNG , who held a hearing on this issue in September and agreed that action was needed. I appreciate the support of Ranking Members RAU´LGRIJALVA and R AUL RUIZ. And, of course, Mr. Speaker, I am indebted to the minority whip, Mr. HOYER , and to our majority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY , who agreed to bring H.R. 6401 to the floor today. I ask my colleagues for the support of H.R. 6401. Mr. Speaker, The economy of the Northern Mariana Islands grew at a rate of 3 point 5 percent last year and the fourth straight year of growth for my district. The Bureau of Economic Analysis announced the new data a week ago. This strong economic expansion is good news for the people of the Mariana Islands. We desperately want this growth to continue. Because our economy is still only threequarters of what it was in 2000. But there is a problem with keeping that growth going: our limited population. For that reason, I have introduced with Congresswoman RADEWAGEN bipartisan legislation, H.R. 6401, the Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act. The Marianas has a very small population— only about 54,000 people. And economic expansion demands not only entrepreneurial capital and investment, which we are suddenly receiving. Economic expansion demands workers, as well. We have struggled to bring more workers into our labor force. Isolated as we are—6,000 miles from the U.S. mainland—it is difficult to attract U.S. workers. Our employers to gone everywhere to recruit workers—Guam, the Freely Associated States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. mainland. We have worked hard to raise the skills of our own local population. A special fee paid by employers of foreign workers has pumped $6 million into training. And we are succeeding. Since 2008, the number of U.S. workers has grown. There are 15 percent more U.S. workers in our labor force today than there were ten years ago. U.S. workers are now the majority of our labor force—a huge turnaround for us. But we still find ourselves short of the workers we need—especially at this moment, when there are hundreds of millions of dollars of new tourism development being invested in our islands. H.R. 6401 does several things: First, it will put more money into that training fund that is proving so successful at helping put our people to work. The bill also allows us to bring in a limited, additional number of foreign workers under the Commonwealthonly Transitional Worker program that was set up under federal law to help us build our U.S. labor force. The Transitional Worker program has reduced the number of foreign workers in the Marianas year after year. But this year the sudden increase in investment in new hotels and other tourism businesses has left us short. H.R. 6401 would give us an extra 2,000 workers—the same number as we were allowed in 2013—and only for the remainder of this fiscal year. This is a shortterm fix to address an unexpected—and very welcome—change in the economic fortunes of the Northern Mariana Islands. The bill will also help us avoid this worker shortage in the years to come. Part of the problem this year has been that employers are not using other federal programs that can provide temporary labor for construction projects of the size and scale that are being built in the Marianas. So, H.R. 6401 bars employers from using the Transitional program we have in the Marianas for new construction. This shift will not slow the economic expansion we have right now. But it will allow us to continue reducing the number of foreign workers permitted under the Transitional program. It will continue the conversion to a predominantly U.S. labor force, which is our longterm goal. In closing, I want to thank Chairman ROB BISHOP of the Natural Resources Committee for his understanding and support. Thanks, also, to Chairman DONYOUNG , who held a hearing on these issues in September and agreed that action was needed. I appreciate the support of Ranking Members RAULGRIJALVA and R AULRUIZ. And, of course, I am indebted to the Minority Whip Mr. HOYER and to our Majority Leader Mr. MCCARTHY , who agreed to bring H.R. 6401 to the floor today. And I ask my colleagues for their support for H.R. 6401. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is an excellent bill, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6401. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR THE ADDITION OF CERTAIN REAL PROPERTY TO THE RESERVATION OF THE SILETZ TRIBE IN THE STATE OF OREGON Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 817) to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 817 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill deals with the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. It is a bill that the tribe could apply to have land placed in trust within the original 1855 boundaries of their reservation. The bill prohibits gaming on land acquired in trust under this bill and is identical to a version of H.R. 3211 that we dealt with in our committee. I think it is a good bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 817 will grant the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon the ability to more easily restore their tribal lands. The tribe’s original lands were greatly diminished by the Federal Government during the disastrous allotment and assimilation period of the late 1800s. Thus, the Western Oregon Indian Termination Act of 1954 terminated their Federal status and eliminated their remaining land base altogether. The tribe was rightly restored in 1977 but has had trouble reacquiring parts of their original land base due to the nature of their restoration. Passage of S. 817 will finally address this issue, so the tribe will no longer have to face delays in dealing with the Department of Interior when taking certain land into trust. This is the culmination of nearly 3 decades of effort by the Siletz tribe. I congratulate them on their tireless work and perseverance. I also want to commend Senator WYDEN for promoting this legislation, and our colleague from Oregon, Mr. SCHRADER , for championing the House version of the bill. I urge the adoption of S. 817. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge consideration of this bill favorably. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 817. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. AMENDING THE GRAND RONDE RESERVATION ACT TO MAKE TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 818) to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 818 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill for the Grand Ronde Tribe in Oregon allows them to ease the process to apply for trust lands within the original 1857 boundary jurisdiction. It deems property placed in trust for the tribe after 1988 as part of the tribe’s reservation and lands acquired by the tribe to be part of the reservation. This bill is also identical to another House bill that we considered in our committee. I urge its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, like other tribes in Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community were wrongfully stripped of their recognition and existing land base during the termination era in the 1950s. Federal recognition of the Grand Ronde was rightfully reestablished in 1983, as well as a land base through subsequent legislation. But like other tribes in Oregon, efforts by the tribe to restore additional lands have been hindered by the nature of the tribe’s restoration. Passage of S. 818 will finally address this issue and make it easier for the Grand Ronde to take land into trust within their historical boundaries. The bill will also allow certain property already taken into trust by the tribe to be considered part of the reservation. Again, I want to thank Senator WYDEN for promoting this legislation, 
and thank our colleague from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ) for advocating for the House version of this bill. And I want to thank Chairman BISHOP for managing this bill with me today. I ask my colleagues to support S. 818. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 818. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DANIEL J. EVANS OLYMPIC NATIONAL PARK WILDERNESS ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3028) to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3028 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wilderness Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. S. 3028 renames the Olympic Wilderness in the Olympic National Park in the State of Washington as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness. b1400 Daniel Evans was a threeterm Governor of Washington. He also served in the United States Senate. Despite that fact, this is still a fitting memorial to Mr. Evans and is a recognition of his life in public service. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The lands of the Pacific Northwest are known throughout the country for their majestic beauty and unique ecosystems. Visitors from near and far flock to the region to experience temperate rain forests and to climb some of the tallest peaks of the country. Were it not for the forwardthinking actions of certain individuals who sought permanent protection for these wildlands decades ago, these iconic places could have been destroyed. Today we recognize one of those forwardthinking individuals, Senator Daniel J. Evans of Washington State. Thanks to the work of Senator Evans, these areas are maintained in perpetuity due in no small part to the passage of the wilderness bills that protect them. A staunch supporter of the bipartisan Wilderness Act, Senator Evans helped to establish this bedrock environmental law, which ensures that these increasingly rare and pristine lands are protected permanently for enjoyment by all. Thanks to Congressman REICHERT  and Senator CANTWELL for advancing this legislation. I am pleased to support this bill today, which recognizes the important work of one of our great public lands champions, Senator Daniel J. Evans. I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is another excellent bill, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DOLD). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3028. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CROSSBORDER TRADE ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 875) to provide for alternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 875 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CrossBorder Trade Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 875, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. After my remarks, I will include in the RECORD an exchange of letters between the chairmen of the two committees. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 875, the CrossBorder Trade Enhancement Act of 2016, is a commonsense, broadly supported, bipartisan bill that will provide a mechanism for increased trade enforcement while also enhancing the facilitation of legitimate trade and travel. I am pleased to note that the other body passed an identical bill by unanimous consent just last week, signaling widespread support. Through this legislation, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to providing the necessary tools to maintain American economic competitiveness while preventing the entry of illicit goods into the United States. U.S. Customs and Border Protection is the Federal law enforcement agency responsible for facilitating international travel and trade at our Nation’s ports of entry as well as for detecting and interdicting counterfeit, unsafe, and fraudulently entered goods. Last year, the CBP processed more than 382 million passengers at the Nation’s 328 land, sea, and air ports of entry and over $2.4 trillion worth of goods. The CBP estimates that inbound trade and traffic will continue to grow. In 2013 and 2014, Congress created 5 year pilot programs authorizing the CBP to enter into reimbursable agreements with public and private entities as a way to meet the escalating demands of increased trade and traffic at the ports of entry. These agreements with private and public sector entities allow for additional inspectional services beyond what the CBP would have normally allocated at ports of entry. They provide additional resources to increase enforcement and processing capacity and to improve dated infrastructure at our ports. Since 2013, the CBP has entered into reimbursable service agreements with 29 stakeholders at land, sea, and air ports of entry. These agreements have contributed to more than 125,000 additional processing hours to meet stakeholder demand during which 3 million travelers and almost 460,000 vehicles were processed. The pilot programs have been widely regarded as forward leaning and an effective way to enforce our laws at the border and to meet the demands of increased trade and travel. Today’s legislation would move beyond these tested pilot programs to establish more permanent authority for the CBP to enter into these arrangements, providing the opportunity to make the CBP more efficient and effective at our borders. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, December 5, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I am writing concerning H.R. 875, the CrossBorder Trade Enhancement Act of 2015. This legislation contains provisions within the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2016. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY , Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 875, the ‘‘Cross Border Trade Enhancement Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Agriculture has a jurisdictional interest in this bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 875 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Agriculture is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the committee report on this legislation, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) will control the time. There was no objection. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I stand in support of the CrossBorder Trade Enhancement Act of 2016. This bill offers a pragmatic and bipartisan solution to a real and growing problem: Customs and Border Protection simply has not been able to keep pace, and has not been given the resources to keep pace, with the dramatic growth in travel into the United States. In the last fiscal year, for example, the CBP processed more than 384 million passengers and more than $2.4 trillion of imported goods through our air, land, and sea ports, but the CBP’s staffing levels have not kept pace with this growth over the years. The result has been substantial and unnecessary delays as passengers and cargo ships wait to be processed. Not only is this a bipartisan issue, but just as importantly, I think it calls into meaning how we might solve some of the problems that confront America economically. A case in point: it is generally large businesses, mediumsized businesses, and small businesses that tend not to take a position in support of more government but which, in this instance, would ask for more government. There is nothing wrong with that inconsistency. In fact, I think, in this particular instance, it works quite well because they will ask for more agents for the purpose of moving cargo faster. I think that is an entirely reasonable position. This bill will help to address those delays by increasing trade and travel efficiencies and by eliminating unnecessary redtape in the hiring process at no cost to the taxpayer. This approach has already been tested, and it has passed the test. In 2013 and 2014, Congress authorized pilot programs, as Dr. BOUSTANY has noted, to enable the CBP to enter into agreements with private sector, State, and local government entities that would reimburse the CBP for customsrelated personnel services at ports of entry. These publicprivate agreements are believed to have decreased wait times by an average of 30 percent at the ports at which they were implemented. The bill also allows for more of these agreements and for a longer period of time. For these reasons, I support this bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it later on this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 875, the Cross Border Trade Enhancement Act. This bipartisan bill is the product of significant work throughout the course of the 114th Congress across both Chambers and across committee jurisdiction to ensure that a program that many border communities rely upon continues to return dividends. I am proud to represent over 800 miles of the U.S.Mexico border, including the communities and the businesses that thrive on crossborder trade. Over the past two decades, our Nation’s trade with Mexico has grown by leaps and bounds, much of it through our land ports of entry. In 2015 alone, Texas businesses exported $92 billion in goods and services to Mexico—that is $92 billion with a ‘‘B’’— more than the next four largest markets combined. However, border infrastructure has not kept up with the growth. The lack of infrastructure and staffing that is necessary to support increased levels of trade crossing into this country has a very real impact on those we serve and work with daily. This legislation fixes the problem by empowering local leaders and increasing flexibility, with little to no cost to the Federal Government and taxpayers. By allowing local communities and organizations to form publicprivate partnerships with the Federal Government and to make improvements to our ports of entry, we are investing in the infrastructure that supports our economy. Similar legislation passed the House in a bipartisan manner earlier this year and passed out of the Senate unanimously. The failure to capitalize on this momentum merely leaves this critical program adrift right when its benefits are about to be realized. Decreasing the time it takes to move goods and services safely across the border will have a tremendous economic impact on not only the region, but on our Nation. I thank the leadership of fellow Texans and my friends, Senator CORNYN , Mr. CUELLAR , and Mr. O’R OURKE ; and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. b1415 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), who has been a leader on this very issue and has helped to design the very product that is in front of us today, and I think that he can take great satisfaction from the bipartisan nature of the legislation that we are about to entertain. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) and his staff for helping to put this together. I appreciate it. I also want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ) and his staff for putting this bill on a very fastmoving track. And in particular, I want to thank my good old friend—and I say ‘‘good old friend’’ in a nice way—Chairman KEVIN BRADY . We go back to working together in the State legislature. We have been working in Texas on issues like this for so many years, and I certainly want to thank Chairman BRADY  for his work and the bipartisan staff for moving this bill quickly. In particular, I want to thank my colleagues. Mr. HURD over here, who has a lot of border and he has got a lot of ports of entry, I want to thank him for his leadership on this bill. I also want to thank BETOO’ROURKE , my friend from El Paso, who also understands, just like Mr. HURDdoes, the importance of trade. I thank our Senate sponsor, Senator CORNYN , who has done a great job on this particular bill. The CrossBorder Trade Enhancement Act of 2016 is a bill that builds upon the work that Chairman JOHN CARTER and myself added in the appropriations bill back in 2013 and 2014 to ease the delays and improve the infrastructure at our Nation’s land and sea and air ports of entry. As has been said, trade and travel to the U.S. has been increasing for the last 10 years. In fiscal year 2015, our Nation saw 382 million travelers processed at the Nation’s 328 land, sea, and air ports of entry. In particular I want to emphasize the land ports of entry. Over 80 percent of all of the people who come into the United States, all of the goods that come into the United States, come in through land ports of entry, and that is why this bill is very important. As was mentioned a few minutes ago, $2.4 trillion of trade was processed at our ports of entry. And just as an example—and I know Mr. HURD mentioned it; I know Mr. O’ROURKE is going to mention it—in my port of entry, Laredo, for example, it is a small town of 250,000, but it handles 14,000 trailers a day of trade between the U.S. and Mexico. If you look at the largest customs districts, you have L.A., New York, and then you have Laredo. So this bill is very important to Laredo and the rest of the border itself. Despite this growing trade that we have at our ports of entry, CBP staffing levels have been stagnant. Back in 2014, the Appropriations Committee and Congress authorized over $255 million to increase the CBP workforce, which includes hiring 2,000 new CBP officers. However, they have been struggling to hire those 2,000 CBP officers due to attrition, but also due to the long time that it takes to hire those new officers. The other part that is important is, if you look at the land ports of entry, for example, there are a lot of challenges—and I am talking about the southern and the northern ports of entry that we have. In fact, it would cost us about $5 billion in capital improvements to make sure that we do this work. What are we doing in Congress? Well, we are adding about $146 million a year to meet this $5 billion that we need. So at this rate of $146 million a year, it would take 34 years to meet that $5 billion that we need. Therefore, the Federal Government is not going to add those appropriations. I understand money is tight. We need to bring in the local government and especially the private sector to make sure that we address the undersized facilities, the outmoded technologies that we have, the officer safety issues that we have, and the long wait times that we have, which I call parking lots, because a lot of times these trucks are waiting in the middle of the bridge. 
Therefore, on sections 559 and 560, what we did is we said we are going to bring the private sector in, and it has worked well in doing this. We have seen—and I think it has been mentioned, but I will mention it again. We entered into 29 of those stakeholder reimbursement service agreements, and we saw more additional processing hours to make sure that we moved 3 million additional travelers and almost 460,000 new vehicles. Again, this is going to help us. What does this bill do? This bill will help us expand that pilot program in many ways and authorize it for 10 years. This bill will limit the number of reimbursable service agreements that we have at the ports of entry, but, more importantly, it is going to allow us to hire CBP officers faster. I know the chairman knows this very well. Imagine if we have this. We have got to bring officers into the CBP faster, and this is what this bill will do. So again, I want to thank the House sponsors, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman M ICHAEL MCCAUL, Mr. H URD, and Mr. O’ROURKE , and, of course, on the Senate side, Senator CORNYN and Senator KLOBUCHAR for making sure that we did it and that we are doing it in a bipartisan way. I ask that we pass this bill. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). Mr. AMODEI. I thank my colleague from the Pelican State and also the ranking member from the Bay State. Mr. Speaker, I am a bit nervous. I don’t want to break up this Lone Star class reunion here, but speaking on behalf of a small place in the intermountain west, section 481 of H.R. 875 addresses a CBP staffing issue at smaller land port of entry airports. As we all know, the CBP mission at our numerous ports of entry is growing, and adequate staffing at the larger ports needs to be augmented. However, airport authorities and smaller land ports of entry are also increasing their international passenger counts and need additional CBP personnel to adequately screen their passengers. The language contained herein allows small land port airports to reimburse CBP the actual cost of assigning up to five more CBP screening personnel, thereby keeping screening times within reasonable limits for those air passengers. This language represents bicameral, bipartisan, nationwide consensus on a needed staffing reimbursement option for CBP. Similarly, I urge Members’ bipartisan nationwide support. God bless the State of Texas and the other 49 also. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ), another individual who has had a profound influence on this legislation and has had a long time interest in the topic as well. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts, our new ranking member on the committee, for yielding and for his work on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, there are few things as important for us in this Congress to work on as creating more jobs and sustaining those that we have right now. U.S.Mexico trade today supports more than 6 million jobs in every single State of the Union, 500,000 jobs in the State of Texas alone, and one out of every four jobs in the community that I have the honor to represent, El Paso, Texas. The men and women who serve in Customs and Border Protection, the officers in blue at our ports of entry, are understaffed and overstressed, and they need our help. What we are doing in this bill is allowing local communities and local stakeholders who have an interest in the success of our ports of entry and in U.S.Mexico trade and in creating more jobs to fund the necessary overtime hours and infrastructure improvements at those ports. I want to thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle and in both Chambers—Senator CORNYN in the other Chamber, Members CUELLAR and HURD and others in this one—who see the wisdom in allowing local communities to fill the gap where government has been unable to do so. Whether it is the $90 billion in U.S. Mexico trade that crosses the El Paso Ciudad Juarez ports of entry every year or the 32 million inspections that are conducted there, this is a way to grow our economy. It is a way to ensure that we are more secure because we know precisely who is coming in when we have the manpower and infrastructure to inspect all those who want to cross in here. We are allowing local communities and not the Federal Government to pick up the tab in a way that is going to benefit this country as a whole. I couldn’t help but notice the current chair of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the incoming chair, and the ranking member, who are all here. I know they are all pleased to see in this bill an expedited process to hire our veterans, to transition them from Active Duty service to meaningful employment as a Customs officer through an expedited process in this bill. That means we staff more of our CBP positions, we put more veterans to work, and we do better for this country. This is a bill that should have the support of every single Member of this Congress, and I urge its quick passage. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I have no other Members wishing to speak on the bill, and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Dr. BOUSTANY , who has been a friend on the Ways and Means Committee. I assume this might be his last time handling legislation on the floor. He was great to work with over the years. I take some satisfaction, Mr. Speaker, that having either been chairman or ranking member of the Tax Policy Subcommittee of the Committee on Ways and Means, that I simply wore them all down because, every 2 years, they would send somebody else over to share that responsibility. Dr. BOUSTANY is a real gentleman. He has been a friend, and he has been a very nice guy to work with. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for his very, very kind words. It has been a true pleasure working with him on the Tax Policy Subcommittee. I want to congratulate him on becoming ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. I know he will do a fabulous job. I am only sorry I won’t be around next year to work with him and beyond. I congratulate him. Godspeed, do a great job, and get tax reform done. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 875, the CrossBorder Trade Enhancement Act of 2016, to strengthen our ability to enforce U.S. trade laws. I am very pleased that our solution has such strong bipartisan support and makes good on our commitment to stop the flow of illicit goods while also facilitating legitimate trade that is vital to American economic competitiveness. I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 875, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXTENDING WAIVER OF LIMITATIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUDING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Ways and Means be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6438) to extend the waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrongfully incarcerated individuals, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6438 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITATIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUDING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JEFF MILLER AND RICHARD BLUMENTHAL VETERANS HEALTH CARE AND BENEFITS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H. R. 6416) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6416 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. TITLE I—DISABILITY COMPENSATION MATTERS 
Any person who is entitled under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to retired pay for nonregular service shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this honor. TITLE IV—EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE AND VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION 
Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall prescribe regulations, including such modifications to section 3.12 of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation), as the Secretary considers appropriate, to ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs is in full compliance with this title and the amendments made by this subtitle. 
This subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle shall apply to individuals seeking benefits under chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code, before, on, and after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Other Homelessness Matters 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report describing and assessing the outreach conducted by the Secretary to realtors, landlords, property management companies, and developers to educate them about the housing needs of veterans and the benefits of having veterans as tenants. TITLE VIII—OTHER MATTERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6416, the Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2016. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation represents a significant portion of the committee’s hard work throughout the 114th Congress and contains numerous provisions that would improve healthcare benefits and services for those that are most deserving: our Nation’s heroes. b1430 I am proud to report that so far this Congress, the House has passed 60 veteransrelated bills. By the close of business tomorrow, that tally will be 68. The text of many of those bills can be found within H.R. 6416. While we do not have enough time for me to go through every worthwhile section of this legislation, I do want to touch on just a few. Among the provisions that would improve disability benefits is one that would allow physicians who are under contract with VA and who have unrestricted licenses to conduct disability examinations in any State, regardless of where that physician is licensed. Another provision would extend the temporary expansion of the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims to nine judges through 2020, which would help the court address the growing number of cases before it and ensure veterans receive the court’s decision in a timely manner. Three proposals sponsored by Chairman MILLER would ensure that all veterans have the opportunity to have future generations remember and respect their lives and their service by directing VA to provide a medallion to be affixed to the headstone in a private cemetery that signifies that a deceased person is a veteran, permitting VA to furnish a medallion or marker specifically designed for the graves of the deceased Medal of Honor recipients, and providing Presidential Memorial Certificates to those who served in the National Guard or Reserve even if they were never called to Active Duty. Other provisions of the bill would make needed improvements to education, vocational rehabilitation, and employment benefits to better support veterans by prioritizing vocational rehabilitation services for our most disabled veterans, increasing approval and access to oversight processes for education programs and schools, improving coordination between Federal and State agencies who provide employment services to veterans, expanding eligibility for workstudy programs, extending the amount of time spouses of fallen servicemembers have to use the GI Bill’s Fry Scholarship benefits, and by extending instate tuition rate limit to dependents of servicemembers who are still serving on Active Duty, a policy change that will allow VA to fully cover their tuition charges. Finally, this bill also contains numerous provisions that would improve the health and care that VA provides our veterans. To increase accountability, oversight, and transparency of the VA healthcare system, it would require VA to produce and provide an annual report on a number of critical measures of care. To improve the provision of care to those facing a health emergency, it would clarify VA’s responsibility to provide medical screenings and treatment to individuals requesting to be seen in a VA emergency room, including women in labor, and ensure that VA emergency room physicians are afforded the schedule flexibility that their private sector colleagues enjoy and the nature of their work demands. To address ongoing concerns about the potential impact of toxic exposure during military service on veterans’ descendants, it would require VA to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Medicine to conduct an assessment and issue a report on scientific research relating to the descendants of individuals with toxic exposure and, depending on the results of those efforts, require VA to establish an advisory board to advise the Secretary on further research. That provision is strongly supported by Vietnam Veterans of America, and I am glad to see it included here. The bill also includes provisions that would require reforms to VA’s medical facility construction processes and procedures. The many failures of VA’s current construction program have been well publicized and will continue to be a focus of this committee’s oversight next Congress so that we can all be assured that VA both has the facilities it needs to provide the care our veterans deserve and is being a responsible steward of taxpayer dollars. Unfortunately, we were unable to get every provision that cleared this Chamber or that the committee included in this legislation, which only means there is still work to be done next year and beyond. I am grateful to all the Members who have contributed thoughtful and, most importantly, needed legislation throughout this Congress in support of our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 6416, a bill named in part after Chairman MILLER . I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2016. Naming the bill after my colleagues is a testament to the bipartisan nature of both the House and Senate Committees on Veterans’ Affairs. The bill before us today contains numerous pieces of legislation introduced or supported by Members on both sides of the aisle. 
I thank Chairman M ILLER and all the members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, both Democrats and Republicans, for their hard work putting together an omnibus bill that will improve the care and support we provide to America’s veterans. I want to specifically acknowledge our committee members—Representative BROWN , Representative T ITUS, Dr. RUIZ, Representative O’R OURKE , Representative RICE, Representative W ALZ, and Representative MCNERNEY ; and my other Democratic colleagues, Representative PINGREE and Representative FRANKEL , Senatorelect DUCKWORTH , Representative G ALLEGO , Representative HAHN, and Representative SINEMA —all who made valuable contributions to this bill. I also would like to take this time to congratulate Dr. ROEon his selection as the next chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I look forward to working with him in order to preserve the bipartisan nature of this committee in the 115th Congress so that we can do what is best for veterans. It is fitting that we are taking this bill up on the eve of the attack on Pearl Harbor. December 7, 1941, is remembered not just for the 2,300 Americans that we lost that day, but also for the heroic response of so many Americans that followed. It is a reminder of the sacrifices millions of young men and women have made in service to our Nation. It is a reminder of the debt we owe them. As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity and as a former community college trustee, I am pleased that this bill contains several provisions that will improve veterans’ education and employment prospects after they serve. I have enjoyed collaborating with Chairman WENSTRUP , and I am proud of the bills our subcommittee has moved forward. This bill before us today contains language from H.R. 2360, the Career Ready Student Veterans Act, which I introduced last May, to ensure that veterans who use their hardearned Post9/11 GI Bill benefits will attend education programs that prepare them for a career in their chosen field of study. It requires that all career education programs meet proper accreditation, licensure, and certification requirements in order to serve student veterans who are using Post9/11 GI Bill benefits. The Department of Defense already has this policy in place to protect servicemembers using tuition assistance benefits. It often makes sense that Congress should protect student veterans in the very same way. This provision is supported by the American Legion, the VFW, IAVA, and other VSOs. This bill also includes H.R. 2361, WorkStudy for Student Veterans Act, which I introduced with Chairman WENSTRUP . It reauthorizes certain workstudy activities for individuals receiving educational assistance through the VA. The current authorization expired in 2013. This bill reauthorizes the program through 2021. Through the VA’s Student Work Study Allowance Program, qualifying student veterans in college degree programs or vocational or professional programs are paid to work in a variety of capacities on campus, at VA facilities, and at other veterancentered organizations to assist fellow veterans. This provision will reinstate expired activities to allow participating veterans more options when entering VA’s successful workstudy program. The workstudy program achieves two important goals: offering student veterans a way to earn a little extra money, and providing transitioning veterans with the guidance and assistance of fellow veterans who know firsthand what that transition is like. Peer topeer support is one of the most effective methods we have to help veterans meet the challenges of civilian life. I worked with Congresswoman RADEWAGEN to introduce H.R. 5229, the Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act, which requires VA, the Department of Labor, and the Department of Defense to study the effectiveness of veterans’ transition programs for women veterans and other minority groups. This policy will help us learn about how we can specialize transition programs for minority veterans in order to meet their unique needs and overcome barriers to employment. The specific groups that will be included in this study include women veterans, veterans with disabilities, Native American veterans, insular island veterans from the U.S. territories, and other groups as determined by the Secretaries. This generation of veterans is the most diverse in American history, and we must be prepared to support every person who has served. I am pleased to have worked on this legislation in a bipartisan fashion, and I am glad it was included in the omnibus before us today. I believe it will ensure the best outcome for all veterans during their transition from military to civilian life. H.R. 6416 improves the Fry Scholarship for the children and spouses of fallen soldiers. The bill includes H.R. 2531, introduced by Representative and now Senatorelect TAMMY DUCKWORTH , an Iraq war combat veteran. This provision will provide a surviving spouse whose husband or wife died in the line of duty after 9/11/2001 the time necessary to use the full 36month benefit from the Fry Scholarship without fear of it being cut short during their educational pursuits. The Fry Scholarship is an educational benefit given to children and spouses of our fallen troops. Currently, public law cuts off Fry Scholarship eligibility 15 years from the date of a servicemember’s death. Unfortunately, this means that spouses who lost a loved one shortly after 9/11 could be out of time to use an educational benefit that is good for 36 months of enrollment and is normally used over the course of 4 years. This policy will allow Gold Star families whose eligibility will end before they can fully use their benefit to complete their education. There are several very important provisions in H.R. 6416 that I would like to highlight in the area of claims processing and how we, as a nation, honor and memorialize our Nation’s heroes. Chairman ABRAHAM and Ranking Member TITUS of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs have worked hard for the last 2 years, and it shows by the almost two dozen provisions produced by their subcommittee that are included in this bill. One of these is the long overdue Honor America’s GuardReserve Retirees Act, introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ), which confers honorary veteran status to Guard and Reserve members who have served for 20 years and who would otherwise not meet the full requirement for veteran status under the U.S. Code. These servicemembers wear the same uniform, receive the same training, are subject to the same code of military justice, and in many cases fight and die alongside Active Duty troops in war. It is clear why receiving this honor is so important to them, and I am very happy to be here today to support the legislation of Mr. WALZ. I would also like to highlight four bills introduced by minority members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs intended to expedite veterans’ claims for various types of benefits. H.R. 6416 also contains the Veterans Access to Speedy Review Act, which requires the Board of Veterans Appeals to allow video appeal hearings available to veterans who choose them. Again, this simple, sensible approach can speed up the benefits appeal process for veterans who are comfortable with the videoconference format. This will mean that many veterans will no longer have to wait for an inperson hearing and will no longer need to travel; saving them time, money, and the stress of traveling, which is particularly difficult for our disabled veterans. This bill also includes two sections drafted by Congressman O’ROURKE and Ranking Member TITUS that will increase VA transparency so that congressional policymakers and the public know how the VA is doing with its processing of veterans’ claims and appeals. The first section requires that the VA publish average times for processing claims and appeals, including those that are timely and overdue. The second section requires a GAO study of the Veterans Benefits Administration regional offices to determine the management and communication factors that distinguish higher performing offices from the average and lower performing offices. There is another group of veterans who deserve our greatest respect, and 
that is the men and women left permanently wounded, ill, or injured as a result of service in the armed services. I believe we will hear later from the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ) about her resolution to honor these veterans which is included in today’s bill. Mr. Speaker, making sure veterans get the care and benefits they have earned and deserve is the mission of this committee, and this bill helps keep that promise. For the past 2 years, the Subcommittee on Health has been focused on improving access to care, strengthening mental health care, recruiting and retaining quality providers, and reducing veteran homelessness. These priorities are reflected in the bill before us today. VA’s construction program has been the target of several hearings and reports for many years now. They have exposed cost overruns, poor oversight, and a host of management issues. This bill would address some of the issues brought up over this past Congress. I thank Congresswoman KATHLEEN RICE for her leadership on these issues and for introducing a provision that would require a forensic audit when a project exceeds its authorization by more than 25 percent. b1445 H.R. 6416 also ensures that eligible veterans can access mental health care in a manner that honors their obligation not to disclose classified information. I would like to thank Representative SINEMA of Arizona for introducing this issue as part of H.R. 421, the Classified Veterans Access to Care Act. In addition, it adds professionals who have a doctoral degree to the list of qualified, VAlicensed mental health counselors. On the issue of veteran homelessness, we all agree that one homeless veteran is one too many. For the past decade, VA has been working diligently to dramatically reduce the homeless population among veterans, and those efforts have been successful—but we can always do more. An important provision of H.R. 6416, introduced by Representative HAHN of California, would help many of our women veterans by expanding the definition of ‘‘homeless veteran.’’ This will ensure that veterans who are victims of domestic violence are able to access emergency housing and are not penalized under the law. Mr. Speaker, as we move forward, I want to acknowledge that, while H.R. 6416 does indeed do a number of good things to help veterans, there is still much more that we need to do. I know that finding ways to pay for new programs without cutting existing support for veterans has been one of our biggest challenges in this Congress, but I look forward to working with our Members and our colleagues across the aisle to advance big policy issues that will help millions of veterans, issues such as appeals reform, leasing and provider agreements, and caregiver support. Once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6416. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we begin debate on these important bills, I would like to take a moment to thank outgoing Chairman MILLER for his tireless work on behalf of our Nation’s veterans and, of course, on behalf of Florida’s First Congressional District. Chairman MILLER has led the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee through tumultuous times at the VA. Through his service and extensive oversight, he has exposed a bureaucracy that has failed veterans time and time again. His commitment to veterans has never wavered. He has started the VA on a path to reforms the agency has so desperately needed. It has been an honor to serve along beside him. I know I have got big shoes to fill come January. He leaves behind the legacy of a statesman who has never compromised his principles or forgotten the people he was elected to serve. On a personal note, JEFFhas become a dear friend, and I know our friendship will continue long after he has left these Halls. For the last 6 years, veterans have had a friend in JEFFMILLER, and so have I. I wish him well in his future endeavors and thank him for all he has done for this body, for Floridians, and for our heroes in the 15 years he served honorably in the House of Representatives, the people’s House. I would also like to thank his wife, Vicki, as well as his children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchild. As we all know, none of the work we do here would be possible without the support and understanding of our families. There is no question, JEFFhas a special family. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ), chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. ROEfor those extremely kind words. I thank him especially for recognizing my family. We both know how important they are to the success that we are able to obtain here in the Halls of Congress. I rise in support of H.R. 6416. This legislation contains over 90 sections, many of which originated in almost 70 veterans bills that the House will pass in the 114th Congress. Though H.R. 6416 reflects just a fraction of our collaborative efforts, it nonetheless contains many important provisions that we can all be pleased in this House to support. For example, it includes the text of H.R. 1380, which would expand eligibility for medallions to veterans who passed away before November 1, 1990. Under current law, the Department of Veterans Affairs furnishes medallions for veterans who are buried in private cemeteries who passed away after November 1, 1990. Many families whose loved ones passed away prior to that date have requested that VA provide a medallion to distinguish their loved one’s grave so that all will know it is the burial place of a veteran. This bill would authorize VA to do just that. H.R. 6416 would also authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to furnish medallions designed especially for veterans who have received the Medal of Honor, our Nation’s most prestigious award for military valor. This will ensure that future generations will be able to identify the final resting place of our Nation’s most revered heroes. H.R. 6416 also includes a provision to provide more time for widows and widowers of servicemembers who have died in the line of duty to use their post 9/11 GI bill educational benefits under the Fry Scholarship. The spouses of those who have given the ultimate sacrifice deserve nothing less. What is more, H.R. 6416 contains provisions from H.R. 1994 that would increase accountability by limiting the amount of time that the Secretary can place a VA employee on administrative leave to only 14 days in a single year. It makes no sense that a VA employee who commits a wrongdoing can continue to collect a taxpayerfunded paycheck for, in some cases, years while the Department drags its feet determining disciplinary action. The bill further contains a number of provisions that would improve the care that VA provides to our veterans, including a provision that would address a longstanding concern of many of our Vietnam veterans by requiring VA to conduct research on the possible effects of toxic exposure during military service on veterans’ children and their grandchildren. Importantly, H.R. 6416 also contains a provision from H.R. 310 that would require VA to use industry standards, standard designs, and best practices when constructing VA medical facilities; to provide ongoing professional development and training to VA employees involved in constructing VA medical facilities; and to regularly audit and report on the largest VA medical facility projects. Before concluding, I want to take a moment to publicly thank a number of individuals who have been instrumental not only in advancing this legislation, but also throughout my time as chairman of our committee. Serving as chairman of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has been an immense honor, and I am grateful to all of those who put their trust and faith in me to fulfill that role for the last three Congresses. I hope that I have done each of you proud. I am particularly grateful to my fellow committee chairmen and ranking members in the House, including Mike Michaud, CORRINE BROWN , and M ARK TAKANO ; and in the Senate, including PATTY MURRAY , RICHARD BURR, BERNIE  
SANDERS , JOHNNY ISAKSON , and R ICHARDBLUMENTHAL . I am also grateful to House leadership, including John Boehner, PAUL RYAN, and K EVIN MCCARTHY , and to all the committee members who strive day in and day out to do right by America’s veteran heroes. The bipartisan nature of this committee is unique in this Congress. It is nothing less than what our veterans deserve. While much remains to be done, we can all be proud of the work that we have, together, accomplished so far. I have every confidence, Mr. Speaker, that the next committee chairman, Dr. ROE, whom I am grateful to call a friend, will continue the work that we have started. I look forward to seeing all that he and the House will continue to accomplish for the men and women who have worn the uniform and borne the battle and who, without a doubt, are most worthy of our appreciation and our support. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my family, most especially my wife, for the support that they have given during my service here in this Congress. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, might I inquire as to how much time for debate remains on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Tennessee has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), the ranking member of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the acting ranking member for yielding and for all the important work he has done on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6416, which includes a number of provisions offered by my colleagues on the committee and beyond to help our veterans. It actually includes two measures that I authored: one requires the GAO to conduct a study to find out the causes of underperforming VBA regional offices; the other extends the authorization for GME slots at the VA. This is a provision that will be especially valuable to UNLV’s brandnew medical school, which is hosting its inaugural class this fall. Unfortunately, however, the bill fails to address a major priority of both the VA and veterans themselves, and that is reforming the broken appeals process. Right now, there are 470,000 appeals languishing somewhere in the VA system. Veterans have to wait 2 to 3 years for them to be resolved as these cases churn through the process that Congress hasn’t updated since the 1980s. If we don’t act now, we will soon be telling our veteran constituents that they are going to have to wait 10 years before their appeals can be resolved, and it will be the fault of this Congress. Despite having a solution that is ready to go that is widely supported by the administration and the VSOs, the Republican leadership refuses to bring the bill I sponsored on appeals reform to the floor without tying it to an accountability bill that strips VA employees of necessary civil rights protections. We are told that passing appeals reform without accountability just won’t work. Using that specious argument, we shouldn’t pass any VA reform bill without accountability because it just won’t work. So while I support this measure, I would urge my colleagues to address the appeals reform process before it is too late and we do further disservice to our Nation’s heroes. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), who is currently on the committee and seeing Active Duty military patients as a doctor. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of our veterans, I rise today in support of H.R. 6416. This bill would expand benefits and provide improvements to help America’s greatest asset: our veterans and their families. I am especially pleased to support sections in the fourth and fifth titles. All but a few of those provisions passed through the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, which I am honored to chair with Ranking Member TAKANO . Seven provisions from legislation that I had the honor to author were also included in H.R. 6416. When enacted, these provisions would streamline and simplify how schools and training programs are approved for the GI bill, improve disabled veterans’ access to services under the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program, survey GI bill users about their experience with the VA and their use of the post9/11 GI bill, provide conditions for expanded instate tuition requirements for dependents of ActiveDuty servicemembers, require the Department of Labor to conduct a longitudinal study to track longterm outcomes of veterans who have used DOL sponsored employment services, and expand the amount of time that a surviving spouse can use post9/11 GI bill benefits under the Fry Scholarship. The last GI bill provision is estimated to help nearly 2,000 surviving spouses that use the post9/11 GI bill to go back to school. Our veterans’ families will be better off because of this bill. I support this bill and the efforts of Dr. ROE, Chairman M ILLER , and others. At the same time, I know that we will continue to work hard for our veterans. In the House, we crafted and passed many important issue initiatives that were not in the final bill. As the 115th Congress approaches, I ask my colleagues in both the House and the Senate to reaffirm their commitment to put the interests of our veterans first, and I look forward to continuing that work. I am proud of my colleagues on the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. We have crafted good, bipartisan policies. We have worked hard on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. We will continue to do so. I am also grateful for the staff of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I want to especially thank my own staff on the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee for their expertise and untiring work on behalf of our veterans. A special thanks goes to Chairman MILLER . His leadership and friendship here in the House will certainly be missed. I look forward to Dr. ROE’s leadership. Once again, I support H.R. 6416, and I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. b1500 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ), my good friend and a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work on behalf of our Nation’s veterans, and for bringing the omnibus veterans bill to the floor today. In the United States, there are about 5 million veteranowned businesses and an estimated 500,000 servicedisabled veteranowned small businesses. Under current law, if a veteran who was rated 100 percent disabled and owned a servicedisabled veteranowned small business passes away, the surviving spouse has 10 years to transition the business away from servicedisabled veteran owned small business status. However, if the veteran business owner is rated less than 100 percent disabled, or dies of a nonserviceconnected injury, the surviving spouse has only 1 year to transition the business for contracts with the VA. Current law unfairly punishes these businesses and places them at an economic disadvantage. That is why I introduced H.R. 1313. My bill allows servicedisabled veteranowned small businesses, whose principal owner passes away and was rated at less than 100 percent disabled at the time of death, with the reasonable 3year transition period from servicedisabled veteran owned status with the VA. It is only right that we provide our heroes and their families, and the employees, with the flexibility and certainty to ensure that their businesses continue to thrive. H.R. 1313 is supported by the Paralyzed Veterans of America, AMVETS, VFW, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and the American Legion. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for including my legislation in the omnibus veterans bill, H.R. 6416, and I hope my colleagues will join me to pass this commonsense bill and support the veteranowned businesses across the country. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), a very hardworking member of our committee, and a veteran himself. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Not a veteran, but I appreciate the kind words. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation that will bring critical improvements to the way our country serves its veterans. In my district, Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District, thousands of veterans are served by the Department of Veterans Affairs on a range of issues critical to their lives, including disability benefits, education, and healthcare services. H.R. 6416, the JEFFMILLER and R ICHARDBLUMENTHAL Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act, would make improvements to these services by increasing the amount of time widows have to utilize education benefits, allowing veterans to have screenings and treatment at VA emergency rooms, and tracking staffing abilities so the VA is better suited to accommodate its workload. I would also like to thank my colleagues on the committee, and our committee staff, for working to include provisions to strengthen the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. Since the start of the term, we have been working to find a way to ensure the Court is able to meet the needs of our veterans, and I am pleased to see that efforts to do this are included as part of the bill. I also want to thank Chairman MILLER for his dedication and service to our committee and to our Nation’s veterans. His leadership has been exemplary. I also would like to recognize and thank our committee staff for all of their hard work over the course of this Congress and my legislative aide for this session, Katharine Bruce, for her hard work. Finally, I want to just point out that the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, in large measure, has accomplished and improved a great deal in a bipartisan way. So I want to thank not only my Republican colleagues on the committee but the Democratic members of the committee as well. We should all be proud of the work that we have done. There is a lot more yet to do, but we have accomplished a lot, I believe, because we have focused on what needs to be done, left politics at the door, and worked in good faith on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. TAKANO , for yielding. I want to thank Chairman MILLER , and thank him on his retirement and his service to our Congress, and also thank Ranking Member TAKANO and Representative ROEfor their work on this bill. I am grateful that the language from the Ruth Moore Act was included in this bill. It is an important step in making sure that the VA follows through on its promises to fairly treat our veterans. Mr. Speaker, almost every day I hear from another veteran who is the survivor of military sexual trauma, or MST. These are men and women of all ages, from every branch of the service. They include veterans from World War II to the war in Afghanistan and every era in between. Those assaults leave indelible marks on their lives in the form of PTSD, anxiety, depression, and so many other conditions. But despite some progress at the VA on their claims, too many are denied the disability benefits they have earned. I am glad the Defense Department and the VA increased training and prevention efforts around rape and harassment, but, let me be clear, the problem is not yet fixed. Survivors of sexual assault have been shamed and suffer continued harassment and recrimination. Far too many have been involuntarily discharged in retaliation for reporting sexual assault and harassment, meaning the survivor, not the perpetrator, has paid the price for this criminal behavior. Before I close, I would like to recognize a very brave woman, Ruth Moore, a Maine veteran, and my bill’s namesake. Ruth fought for 23 years before she was finally given the benefits we owed her. There are thousands and thousands of Ruth Moores out there who have been fighting for their benefits for years, or even decades. We can and must do better. This issue is too important to ignore, and this provision ensures that the VA and survivors know that Congress is watching. I am so glad the language from my bill was included in the legislation. I thank the committee again. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all my colleagues to support this legislation and join me in passing H.R. 6416. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank both staffs of the committee, both the minority and majority staff, and on the hard work that both sides of the aisle did. As Mr. COSTELLO said, this has been a bipartisan effort, and I want to thank everyone, Mr. TAKANO , your leadership, and others on the minority side. I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6416. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
ETHICAL PATIENT CARE FOR VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5399) to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing authorities impaired, incompetent, and unethical health care activities. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5399 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ethical Patient Care for Veterans Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5399, the Ethical Patient Care for Veterans Act of 2016, which I am proud to sponsor. There is no higher priority than ensuring that our Nation’s veterans receive safe, highquality care from the Department of Veterans Affairs. The vast majority of VA employees are upstanding, wellqualified, and want nothing more than to do right by the veterans in their care. However, in the last several years, we have heard far too many instances where VA employees have failed to live up to the standards of care that our veterans deserve. In many of those cases, a culture of silence or fear of retaliation by supervisors has prevented other employees from reporting those transgressions in a timely manner. To protect our veterans from poor performing VA medical professionals, H.R. 5399 would require VA to ensure that every VA physician is informed of his or her duty to report impaired, incompetent, or unethical behavior that the physician witnesses or otherwise discovers directly to the applicable State licensing authorities within 5 days. This is consistent with the longstanding practice of the American Medical Association and existing VA policy and would improve the quality of care VA provides by making sure that the poor performers, those who put the lives and wellbeing of veteran patients at risk, are reported to relevant authorities within a reasonable time frame so that the appropriate action can be taken to safeguard the patients in their care. Mr. Speaker, this is commonsense legislation. More importantly, it is the right thing to do for veterans. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5399, introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee, Dr. ROE. This bill would ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report impaired, incompetent, and unethical healthcare activities of their colleagues. I appreciate the gentleman bringing this issue to our attention. It is another instance of the many ethical and legal imperatives that VA physicians are under while serving those who have dedicated themselves to protect our freedoms. All physicians have a duty to report impaired colleagues who continue to practice, despite reasonable offers of assistance. This obligation appears in professional guidelines and in laws and regulations governing the practice of medicine. All physicians are accredited by the American Medical Association, and their policy states, and I quote: ‘‘Physicians have an ethical obligation to report impaired, incompetent, and unethical colleagues.’’ The Federation of State Medical Boards of the United States’ policy on physician impairment states that physician health programs have ‘‘a primary commitment to help state medical boards . . . protect the public . . . These programs should demonstrate an ongoing track record of ensuring safety to the public and reveal deficiencies if they occur.’’ The physicians who care for our veterans take their duties and oaths to help their patients very seriously, and I am glad for this opportunity to reiterate the topnotch quality care that the VA provides each and every day. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, this is one of the final opportunities that I will have to discuss veterans legislation on the floor with my colleague, Chairman MILLER , who appears to have stepped off the floor at the moment. I want to offer my sincere gratitude for his leadership on the committee. I think it is fair to say that we have not always agreed on the best path forward, but I think this bill demonstrates our ability, the ability of this committee to put aside our differences and get things done for America’s veterans. The Veterans’ Committee has long been a model of bipartisanship at a time where cooperation can be hard to come by. I appreciate the chairman’s commitment to continuing that tradition, and I wish him all the best in the next chapter of his career. I have no further speakers, and I do encourage my colleagues to support this legislation and join me in passing H.R. 5399. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I have practiced medicine for almost 40 years under these same requirements right here, and we should expect no less for the care of our veterans. I encourage support. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5399. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1515 FASTER CARE FOR VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4352) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program establishing a patient self scheduling appointment system, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4352 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Faster Care for Veterans Act of 2016’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4352, as amended, the Faster Care for Veterans Act of 2016. The wait time scandals that continue to plague the Department of Veterans Affairs have highlighted the need for veterans to be able to schedule their own medical appointments. Everyone agrees that the veterans who want this capability should have it. A selfscheduling option would reduce the workload on overburdened schedulers, allow the VA to use taxpayer resources more efficiently, and grant veterans who would prefer to schedule their own appointments the ability and flexibility to do so. It would also encourage accountability by giving veterans verifiable records of their own appointment bookings. VA has been considering selfscheduling since at least 2013. However, projects start and stop, priorities shift, and nothing usable has so far emerged from those considerations. Unfortunately, this seems to be the result of a tug of war between some VA officials who favor a commercial offtheshelf system and others who favor a governmentdeveloped system. VA has been developing a selfscheduling mobile application based on its VISTA management system and plans to roll it out in January 2017. I have high hopes for that effort, but VA’s IT development record is mixed—to put it mildly—and past experience shows that meeting high standards and firm deadlines are crucial to success. The time has come to settle this issue once and for all. H.R. 4352, as amended, establishes capability standards reflecting the state of the art that apply to any commercial or government selfscheduling system in VA. It also directs VA to pilot the best available commercial software in three locations. The bill tasks an independent expert to verify whether that commercial system and the government system meet those standards, and by the end of 2017, VA must certify whether or not they do. The concept is, in other words, a bakeoff to create the most successful possible software for our veterans. Ideally, both systems will meet the standards, but if the government system cannot make the grade, VA will have a commercial alternative thoroughly piloted and ready to go to work for VA patients. H.R. 4352, as amended, is sponsored by Congressman SETH MOULTON from Massachusetts and Congresswoman CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS from Washington. I thank them both for their leadership on this issue. This broadly bipartisan legislation is an efficient, timely solution to a longstanding problem, and I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4352, as amended, sponsored by my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts and a veteran himself, Representative MOULTON . This important legislation authorizes the VA to administer a pilot program where veterans use an Internet Web site to schedule and confirm medical appointments at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. The VA has been working to bring the power of scheduling to veterans since the wait time scandal at the Phoenix VA Medical Center in 2014. The Department of Veterans Affairs had developed and is rolling out the Veterans Appointment Request, otherwise known as VAR, for primary care. This is a mobile application, and the approach will allow veterans to directly schedule or request primary care appointments and request mental health appointments at facilities where they are already receiving care. With the app, veterans can also view appointment details, track the status of requests, send messages about the requested appointments, get notifications about appointments, and cancel most appointments. The VA has also implemented the Audiology and Optometry Direct 
Scheduling Initiative. This program began as a successful pilot at three sites in 2015 and is now being expanded to all VA medical centers. Veterans can schedule a routine appointment for audiology or optometry directly by calling the scheduling department or by speaking directly with audiology or optometry staff. The covered services include hearing tests, eye exams, vision prescriptions, eyeglass fittings, and other routine appointments. This important legislation will allow veterans to better control their VA experience no matter what services they need. Ensuring veterans are comfortable with the scheduling platform ultimately used is a critical factor. Whether that is a smartphone, Internet Web site or calling directly to make that appointment, the primary consideration is the ease of use by the veteran. The only way to make sure it works is to test it. This legislation will ensure that the technology fits the veteran and also fits the VA. For those reasons, I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is long overdue. One of the problems we have in VA is that we know the scandal at Phoenix where there were secret waiting lists for appointments for honorably discharged veterans to see a doctor. This is one of the ways in which we can put veterans back in charge. One of the things I want to do is put veterans and doctors—healthcare providers—in charge of the health care and not bureaucrats, schedulers, and so forth. This puts the power back in front of the veterans. We are at the Christmas season. Many of us order packages on Amazon or wherever. Guess what we can do? We can track that through our own personal device anywhere that package is so that it reaches our doorstep. Veterans should have that command so they can have an appointment when they want it; they can make it. The technology is available. I can’t think of a better thing to do than to have a private and public competition to see which is the most effective for the veteran. I think in a year we are going to know. It will be simple to implement. Almost everyone has a smart device now that we can use for this process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ). Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4352, the Faster Care for Veterans Act, which I introduced with Congresswoman CATHY  MCMORRIS RODGERS . The idea behind the bill is simple. Our Nation’s veterans deserve the same technological innovations and level of service at VA healthcare facilities as patients in the private market. One such innovation is patient selfscheduling technology. Patients can log on to an app on their phone or on a Web site, indicate the type of appointment they need, select their location, and schedule their own appointments at a time convenient for them—no middle men, no obnoxious hold music, and no unending carousel of options on an automated phone menu; just a quick and easy medical appointment that works for your schedule. This technology is not just beneficial for patients, it is good for medical providers as well. In the private market, the introduction of patient selfscheduling has dramatically decreased wait times, saving time and money. The VA ought to chase these same innovations so our veterans receive the best health care and user experience in the world. As a Member of Congress, I declined congressional health care and pledged to receive my care at the VA. I receive excellent service from terrific doctors and nurses at my home VA facility in Bedford, Massachusetts. However, scheduling an appointment here in D.C. or at home in Bedford has never been easy. Dennis Magnasco, my veterans’ liaison in my office in Salem, Massachusetts, learned this the hard way. Shortly after I introduced the Faster Care for Veterans Act, Dennis called our local VA hospital to make an appointment himself. He listened to the options on the automated menu and pressed one to schedule an appointment. After several more pushed buttons, rather than connecting him to the talented schedulers who work in the Bedford VA, the automated menu started over again. It went into an endless cycle. He hung up, and after multiple unsuccessful further attempts, he recorded himself doing this in a video. I put this video on my Facebook page, and the response was astonishing. Four million people saw the video, 35,000 people shared the video, and 2,000 people commented. People from all over the country shared their experience trying to schedule their own appointments at the VA. The frustration is nationwide. A veteran from Walcott, Arkansas, said: I can tell you this is for real. It happens every time I call. I usually give up and drive to the clinic 18 or 20 miles away so I can talk to a person face to face. A veteran from El Paso, Texas, said: This is exactly what happens every time you try to call for an appointment or even get general information about an existing appointment. This is exactly why lots of us vets end up giving up on the system. A veteran from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, said: The longest I have been on hold with the VA was an hour and 45 minutes before I gave up. This is not an issue of quality of care, it is an issue of access to care. The Faster Care for Veterans Act is a solution. First, this bill directs the VA to conduct a pilot program to test commercial offtheshelf selfscheduling technology at three locations across the country while allowing the VA to continue developing its inhouse solution. Second, the bill requires both the pilot program and the VA’s solution to meet several capabilities currently available in the private market. These requirements will ensure our veterans get the same level of service as every other American. Third, the bill provides for an independent assessment to verify if the pilot program or the VA’s solution meets the minimum capabilities. Lastly, the bill requires the VA to replace any system used by the VA that does not meet those minimum requirements with a commercially available offtheshelf technology that does meet those capabilities. The bill is supported by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the American College of Neurosurgeons, and the American Osteopathic Association; and this bill is cosponsored by more than half of the House of Representatives. Our veterans are demanding a 21st century VA healthcare system. This bill is one step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), who is our conference chair. CATHY MCMORRIS  RODGERS is a very passionate supporter of veterans’ issues. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, more than 2 years after we were all shocked by the news that Phoenix veterans had died waiting for appointments at their local VA. Yet, after all this time, little has changed. Every week veterans contact my office seeking help to get the care that they need, like the veteran who couldn’t access urgent care and was afraid he would be billed if he went to the hospital for help, or the veteran who got cancer from atomic testing but had to jump through all kinds of hoops to prove it. Is this how a grateful nation should treat its veterans? Absolutely not. The best way we show our gratitude to those who have served is to get them the care that they have earned. When a veteran contacts the VA, they should have the red carpet rolled out for them, period; but, instead, these stories are repeated over and over and over in communities all across the country: The VA won’t listen; the VA doesn’t return calls; we can’t see a doctor. There is a disconnect between the service of our military and the service they receive when they return home. Mr. MOULTON of Massachusetts and I introduced the Faster Care for Veterans Act to leverage technology to cut 
back on wait times. Our veterans should have the same options that people have in doctors’ offices across the country. They should be able to use an app, go online to schedule; or if they want to call, they can do that, too. b1530 The point is the technology to make it easier to selfschedule already exists. Why not provide it to our veterans? With this bill, we are demonstrating to the VA that innovative technology can work. It can get our veterans the care that they have earned more quickly without all the red tape. But wait times are just the tip of this bureaucratic iceberg. The terrible stories this past week of HIV exposure and a veteran dying with maggots in his wounds are graphic reminders to all of us that the VA has lost sight of its sole mission: serving veterans. Veterans should be in control of all aspects of their health care. That is not what is happening right now. After all the years, all the money, no more excuses. It is time for a deeper look into rethinking this outdated government bureaucracy. Mr. Speaker, I never again want to hear a war hero cry because of how the VA has treated him. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting the Faster Care for Veterans Act. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no further speakers. Before I close, I would like to say that I fully appreciate the work of my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ), for the work he has done on this bill and for the way in which he is able to reach out to veterans and those who care for veterans across the country. I am especially pleased that included in this legislation is a specific way to independently assess the offtheshelf technology as compared to the technology that is being developed inhouse at the VA. I think these provisions will ensure that the taxpayer is protected in terms of cost, efficiency, and effectiveness. And, of course, bottom line, this means effectiveness for our veterans. We want to make sure that the best technology is put forward, whether it is inhouse or whether it is the offtheshelf choice, that we have a way to independently verify which is best. I want to encourage all of my colleagues to support this important legislation and join me in passing H.R. 4352. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. MOULTON and one of our leaders, CATHY MCMORRIS  RODGERS , for bringing this very important piece of legislation to the floor. One of the reasons is that it shows when you bring someone with real world experiences who uses the VA how they can then take that and convert that into meaningful legislation that will actually help veterans around the country. I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4352, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COLONEL DEMAS T. CRAW VA CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3492) to designate the Traverse City VA CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3492 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF COLONEL DEMAS T. CRAW VA CLINIC IN TRAVERSE CITY, MICHIGAN. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3492, a bill to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic in Traverse City, Michigan, as the Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic. I thank the bill’s sponsor, Senator GARYPETERS from Michigan, for his efforts in introducing this bill. I also want to thank my colleague, friend, and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Congressman DANBENISHEK , from Michigan, for his work on the House side to ensure that Colonel Craw is honored. Demas T. Craw was born and raised in Long Lake Township, Michigan. He enlisted in the United States Army at just 18 years old and went to serve both in World War I and World War II, eventually earning the position of senior pilot. Colonel Craw served our country valiantly until he was tragically killed in combat. In 1942, Colonel Craw volunteered to accompany the leading wave of assault boats to shore in Operation Torch, the Allied invasion of north Africa. The mission was to pass through the enemy lines to locate the French commander with a view to suspending hostilities. Sadly, during the course of that mission, Colonel Craw was instantly killed by a sustained burst of machinegun fire at pointblank range from a concealed position near the road. During his illustrious time in the Army, Colonel Craw accumulated numerous awards, including the World 
War I Victory Medal, the World War II Victory Medal, and the Purple Heart. He also received our Nation’s highest honor, the Medal of Honor, for his valiant actions in north Africa. Colonel Demas Craw was a Michigan native and Traverse City resident who served our country with courage. It is only appropriate that the community based outpatient clinic in Traverse City be named in his honor. S. 3492 satisfies the committee’s naming criteria and is supported by the Michigan congressional delegation as well as numerous veterans organizations, including the Disabled American Veterans, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and the American Legion. Once again, I am grateful to Congressman BENISHEK for sponsoring the companion to this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of this legislation sponsored by my colleague, Dr. BENISHEK . This bill will name the Traverse City, Michigan, Community Based Outpatient Clinic the Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic. Colonel Craw had a distinguished military career. He dropped out of high school to enlist in the Army during World War I. He was furloughed and discharged when the war ended, but he soon reenlisted. After being promoted to corporal, he continued to work to advance in the Army. He earned an appointment to West Point in 1920 and graduated in 1924 as a second lieutenant. After being assigned to the Army Air Corps, then First Lieutenant Craw served around the world and the United States. Upon entering World War II, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and assigned to north Africa in 1942. On his last mission, Colonel Craw volunteered to approach the French forces to negotiate a ceasefire when Allied forces began their assault. Colonel Craw earned the Medal of Honor for his actions on his last mission. As the citation reads: 
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action above and beyond the call of duty . . . Colonel Craw volunteered to accompany the leading wave of assault boats to the shore and pass through the enemy lines to locate the French commander with a view to suspending hostilities . . . Encountering heavy fire . . . Colonel Craw, accompanied by one officer and one soldier, succeeded in landing on the beach under constant strafing from three enemy planes. Riding toward French headquarters, progress of the party was hindered by fire from U.S. naval guns. Nearing his destination, Colonel Craw was instantly killed by a sustained burst of machinegun fire at pointblank range from a concealed position near the road. 
Not only was Colonel Craw awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions, but the officer accompanying him, Major Pierpont M. Hamilton, who was captured before ultimately succeeding in suspending the hostilities, was also awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in this mission. I am honored to support this bill to name the VA facility in Traverse City, Michigan, the Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed an honor to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ), a great friend and colleague. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. ROE. I rise today in support of legislation to name the Traverse City VA Clinic after Colonel Demas T. Craw, a Medal of Honor recipient from my district in Traverse City. As I soon will be retiring from Congress, I quickly want to say that it has been quite an honor for me to work with the chairman, JEFFMILLER , and all the members of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee over the last 6 years. It hasn’t been an easy fight, but I believe we have made real progress toward a better VA for the men and women who have fought for our freedom. This sacred work must continue, as they still deserve much better. I have faith that the next chairman of the committee, my friend, Dr. PHILROE, will be able to continue this progress and break new ground in the fight for our Nation’s heroes. I have been very pleased to assist in the effort to honor Colonel Craw in the House, along with a dedicated team of veterans and patriotic citizens. Led by retired Lieutenant Colonel Terry Hawn and Dr. Dan Lathrop, they worked to gather the over 2,000 signatures needed and build support within the community to honor this truly deserving local hero. Born near Traverse City in 1900, Colonel Craw served in the U.S. Army during both world wars. As a United States Army Air Forces officer in World War II, he served as a U.S. adviser to the Royal Air Force prior to American entry to the war, and was captured and interned by German forces for 6 weeks in 1941. He was killed in action, described previously, on November 8, 1942, after volunteering to lead a dangerous and, ultimately, successful mission behind enemy lines. He received the Medal of Honor posthumously for ‘‘conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action above and beyond the call of duty.’’ We couldn’t have done this without the support of the entire Michigan congressional delegation, as well as the Grand Traverse Area Veterans Coalition, the American Legion Department of Michigan, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of Michigan, and many other veteran service organizations. I want to thank Senator GARY PETERS for introducing the Senate version of this legislation that we are considering today. I urge my colleagues to help honor this American hero and pass S. 3492. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Before I close, I want to offer a word of praise and affection for my good friend Dr. BENISHEK for his long service to this body and to the committee. I also want to congratulate his intrepidity for saying the word ‘‘intrepidity’’ on the floor of the House. I am very pleased to support this legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in passing S. 3492. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, it is a great privilege for all of us to be here on the floor of this incredible House to speak. We would not be able to do that if it weren’t for the heroics of people like Colonel Craw and the sacrifice that he and his family made. We are entering the Christmas season, and I think about our Armed Forces that are stationed around the world, young men and women today, that are out there protecting our Nation’s freedoms and others’ freedoms. So it is a great honor—and I think one of the things that I have enjoyed doing the most—naming and hearing about the incredible heroics of some of these men and women that have been before us. I want to encourage all Members to support this legislation wholeheartedly. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3492. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1545 CHARLES DUNCAN BURIED WITH HONOR ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3076) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Charles Duncan Buried with Honor Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on S. 3076. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to urge all Members to support S. 3076, the Charles Duncan Buried with Honor Act of 2016. S. 3076, which passed the Senate by unanimous consent on September 20, 2016, would provide indigent families of deceased veterans with more choices as they make the difficult decision about where to lay their loved ones to rest without being financially penalized. This legislation is a practical solution for a common challenge that is faced by too many veterans’ families. Dr. Wenstrup, my colleague and a valued member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, has sponsored H.R. 6114, the House companion to this bill. Under current law, if a family does not have sufficient resources to buy a casket or an urn for a deceased loved one, the VA can provide one if the veteran is buried in a national cemetery, but not if the veteran is buried in a State or a tribal cemetery. However, for some families, interring a veteran in a national cemetery is not always the best option. For example, a national cemetery may be too far away for families to attend burial services or to regularly visit their loved ones. To better serve the families of all veterans, S. 3076 allows the VA to furnish a casket or an urn if the deceased veteran is laid to rest in a national or in a State or a tribal cemetery. It is appropriate to honor the service of veterans who have passed by providing a casket or an urn regardless of where the veteran is interred. I urge my colleagues to support S. 3076. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 3076, the Charles Duncan Buried with Honor Act, which expands the cemetery burial options offered by the VA to the families of financially insolvent veterans and to those with no identifiable next of kin. I thank my friend, the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee chairman, Dr. Wenstrup, for sponsoring this bill in the House. We who serve on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee hear over and over how important it is to the families of many veterans that they be buried near loved ones and near home. This is particularly true in rural areas where the option of burial in a national veterans’ cemetery within a manageable travel distance is frequently not an option. Under current law, indigent veterans and those with no next of kin are eligible for reimbursement rates of $2,421 for caskets or $244 for urns when buried in a national cemetery. However, if a State or a tribal cemetery that is supported by grants from the VA is geographically closer to the veteran’s home and is preferable to the veteran or to the family, burial there is not currently allowed. The bill before us today provides that choice by broadening the scope of the Dignified Burial and other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act to include the option of burial in a State or a tribal cemetery for which the Department of Veterans Affairs has provided a grant. Mr. Speaker, this bill enjoys the support of the American Legion. It makes good sense and ensures that we are doing everything in our power to provide the greatest honor and comfort for veterans and their families. I urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), an active member of the committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 3076, the Charles Duncan Buried with Honor Act. This bill will have a direct and personal impact on the families of many of our veterans. I am pleased that it is being considered today, and I was proud to sponsor the House companion bill, H.R. 6114. Under current law, if a veteran dies without the resources to pay for a casket, the VA will provide one, but only as long as the veteran is buried in a national cemetery. That means that, in my district and throughout the country, the families in need of this service may be transported to a national cemetery, which is often far from home and far from family. This has caused heartache for many families in my district in Ohio and across the country. It can mean that their loved ones must be buried nowhere near their homes. It can prevent friends and family from attending the funerals or from regularly visiting the grave sites. S. 3076 would amend current law to allow veterans who receive caskets that are purchased by the VA to be buried at a State or a tribal cemetery for which the VA has provided a grant. By expanding the burial options available to veterans, we can better ensure that they are laid to rest close to their loved ones. Let’s provide this peace of mind to our veterans and their families. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation and join me in passing S. 3076. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. I thank the distinguished incoming chairman of the committee. I appreciate the time. I also thank my colleague in the Arkansas delegation, Senator COTTON , for his important work on S. 3076, which we are discussing today. I support it enthusiastically. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, July 25, 2015, U.S. Navy veteran and Little Rock resident Charles Duncan passed away at the age of 66, leaving behind a daughter, three grandsons, three great grandsons, a brother, and a sister, along with many grieving family members, friends, and loved ones. Sadly, like too many of our veterans, Mr. DUNCAN was financially insolvent and could not afford the cost of his funeral. Thankfully, he was eligible for essential VA benefits to cover these costs. However, these benefits required that he be buried at the national cemetery in Fort Smith instead of close to his home and his family in Little Rock. By expanding the cemetery burial options that are offered by the VA to our veterans in need, we can provide families with the solace that they deserve. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and support the peaceful rest of the veterans we have lost. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support S. 3076. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3076. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5143, TRANSPARENT INSURANCE STANDARDS ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 9, 2016, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–846) on the resolution (H. 
Res. 944) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5143) to provide greater transparency and congressional oversight of international insurance standards setting processes, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from December 9, 2016, through January 3, 2017; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMERGENCY MEDICAL STAFFING RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4150) to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to modify the hours of employment of physicians employed on a fulltime basis by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4150 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Emergency Medical Staffing Recruitment and Retention Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 4150, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4150, as amended, the Department of Veterans Affairs Emergency Medical Staffing Recruitment and Retention Act, would authorize the VA, upon written request, to modify the hours of employment for fulltime physicians to be more than or less than 80 hours in a biweekly pay period, as agreed to by the physician and hospital management. Earlier this year, the VA testified that there are nearly 4,000 physician vacancies across the VA healthcare system. The VA’s ability to effectively recruit and retain highquality medical professionals to care for our veterans is threatened by the Nation’s worsening physician shortage, which the Association of American Medical Colleges has stated could grow to just under 100,000 physicians by 2025. In light of this, it is imperative that we provide the VA with every available tool to improve physician recruitment and to make efficient use of the current physician workforce. Currently, the VA’s ability in both regards is hampered by a rigid 80hour, biweekly work schedule that is at odds with private sector industry standards. Typically, emergency room, ER, providers in nonVA hospitals across the country work flexible schedules to accommodate the irregular hours that emergency medicine demands. However, ER doctors in VA medical facilities are not afforded the opportunity to adopt the flexible schedules that their private sector colleagues enjoy. This bill would correct that discrepancy and improve the VA’s ability to recruit and retain ER physicians. H.R. 4150, as amended, which has my full support, originated as a VA legislative proposal and is sponsored by Congressman RAULRUIZof California, who is an emergency medical physician. I am grateful to him for his efforts in addressing this issue, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this needed legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4150, as amended, introduced by my very good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). This legislation will improve the recruitment and retention of medical professionals at the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4150, as amended, allows the VA to arrange flexible physician work schedules to allow for the staffing and full implementation of a hospitalist physician system and to accommodate the unusual work schedule requirements for emergency medicine physicians. We all recognize the need for flexibility when working the rigorous and irregular hours that are routinely required of emergency medicine doctors. Giving the VA the ability to have flexible working hours that best suit the demand for delivering health care to the veterans who rely on those doctors just makes sense. The current 80hour, biweekly pay period limitation for these doctors creates challenges at the VA medical centers to adequately and sensibly staff the emergency rooms. Generally, most healthcare providers work a traditional 40hour workweek. However, for hospitalists and emergency room physicians, they may need to work more than that in a week to provide safe, quality health care to veterans who seek services at the VA. Ensuring access to care for veterans has been a major focus of this committee’s, and this bill will help to eliminate the access barrier and provide a more efficient and effective way to ensure that the emergency rooms across the VA healthcare system are ready to take care of our veterans. Importantly, the bill also includes protections for physicians by requiring their consent before they can move to the flexible schedule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I, too, am strongly in favor of this bill. I don’t know where Dr. RUIZwas with regard to this 40hour week, but I wish he had been around when I was in training and in practice because it would have been a joy to have worked just 40 hours. This particular bill allows the flexibility that every other hospital in the world has for staffing, and this is with the consent of the physicians and the hospital. It just makes sense. I am so glad that Dr. RUIZbrought this up. As a practicing ER physician, he knows about this, and he knows exactly what it is. I appreciate Dr. RUIZbringing this up and making the committee aware of it. This will become a new law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1600 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ), my good friend who is an emergency room physician and a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. RUIZ. I would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that I too had 100, 120hour workweeks and months; and I was the scut, of course, during my internships and residency; so I understand the words that you have spoken. I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 4150, the Department of Veterans Affairs 
Emergency Medical Staffing Recruitment and Retention Act. The point is this, and it is very simple: the VA needs to provide highquality care that is veterancentered. That is why I introduced this bill which works to address the difficulty of recruiting and retaining the best physicians to work within the VA healthcare system. The problem is that, by law, the VA is beholden to the bureaucratic OPM’s 80biweekly requirement for fulltime physicians. This does not fit with the current practice of physicians in many specialties, including emergency medicine and hospital medicine. These specialties typically require more flexible, often irregular working hours—some weeks they work less; some weeks they work the triple amount—but it needs to fit their schedule in order for them to provide the best care that they can for the patient. Also, for instance, in emergency departments, it has been studied that the most dangerous time for a patient is during shift changes when a patient’s care is transferred to another doctor. It all depends on the quality of the transfer, discussing what happened, and the followup that the second doctor is going to do. Therefore, emergency physicians prefer to work 12hour shifts in order to minimize that transfer, and many emergency physicians work beyond their 12 hours in order to not transfer and just close the patient’s case. So this bill would give the VA the flexibility it needs to schedule physicians in a manner similar to that scene in the private sector while remaining OPMcompliant. This bill will provide VA medical centers with the ability to implement flexible physician work schedules that can accommodate hospitalists’ and emergency physicians’ schedules and practices. Our veterans deserve highquality care. Attracting the best and brightest physicians to practice at the VA is a critical step in that direction. And like my other bills up for consideration today as part of other legislation on the floor—the Veterans Access to Speedy Review Act, the Veterans’ Survivors Claims Processing Automation Act—this bill works to ensure that the VA works for veterans, to make sure that it is about serving the veteran. Let’s pass this bill, Mr. Speaker, and take another step towards providing the highest quality care for those who have given the ultimate sacrifice to our Nation. I thank the chairman once again, and I thank the ranking member for his efforts in getting this to the floor today. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to just add how proud I am that we got this bill over the finish line, working together with the majority, working together with the stakeholders. I want to give special words of gratitude to the staff in my office and the staff on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee for working extra hours to get this bill done. This makes enormous sense to do, and it should have been done sooner, but I am very glad we could get it done in this Congress. I look very much forward to working with Dr. ROEin the next Congress to do similar bills and bills of greater magnitude in the future. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 4150, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I too encourage all Members to support H.R. 4150. I also want to thank both the staff of the minority and the majority for their incredible work. Alex Large, who is on staff in my office, has worked very hard on many of these bills. This is a time around our country where many of our young men and women are stationed in harm’s way away from their families at the holidays. I too have done that, and I just appreciate very much the sacrifice that these men and women make for us each and every day. Let’s not forget that there are people out there in some very dangerous places right now, as we speak, who are protecting our freedoms. With that, it is indeed a pleasure to work on this committee because it is a bipartisan committee, and I think that the committee is laserfocused on doing what is right for veterans. With that, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4150, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails responsive to the subpoena. This action impeded congressional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. The American people may never know the true culpability or extent of the Internal Revenue Service targeting because of the destruction of evidence that took place. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office. Article II. John Andrew Koskinen engaged in a pattern of deception that demonstrates his unfitness to serve as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service. Commissioner Koskinen made a series of false and misleading statements to Congress in contravention of his oath to tell the truth. Those false statements included the following: One, on June 20, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen testified that ‘‘since the start of this investigation, every email has been preserved. Nothing has been lost. Nothing has been destroyed.’’. Two, on June 23, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen testified that the Internal Revenue Service had ‘‘confirmed that backup tapes from 2011 no longer existed because they have been recycled, pursuant to the Internal Revenue Service normal policy’’. He went on to explain that ‘‘confirmed means that somebody went back and looked and made sure that in fact any backup tapes that had existed had been recycled’’. Three, on March 26, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen was asked during a hearing before the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, ‘‘Sir, are you or are you not going to provide this committee all of Lois Lerner’s emails?’’. He answered, ‘‘Yes, we will do that.’’. Each of those statements was materially false. On March 4, 2014, Internal Revenue Service employees magnetically erased 422 backup tapes containing as many as 24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails. On February 2, 2014, senior Internal Revenue Service officials discovered that Lois Lerner’s computer hard drive had crashed, rendering hundreds or thousands of her emails unrecoverable. Commissioner Koskinen’s false statements impeded and confused congressional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office. Article III. John Andrew Koskinen, throughout his tenure as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, has acted in a manner inconsistent with the trust and confidence placed in him as an Officer of the United States, as follows: During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Committee on Finance, John Andrew Koskinen promised, ‘‘We will be transparent about any problems we run into; and the public and certainly this committee will know about those problems as soon as we do.’’. Commissioner Koskinen repeatedly violated that promise. As early as February 2014 and no later than April 2014, he was aware that a substantial portion of Lois Lerner’s emails could not be produced to Congress. However, in a March 19, 2014, letter to Senator Wyden of the Senate Committee on Finance, Commissioner Koskinen said, ‘‘We are transmitting today additional information that we believe completes our production to your committee and the House Ways and Means Committee. . . . In light of these productions, I hope that the investigations can be concluded in the very near future.’’. At the time he sent that letter, he knew that the document production was not complete. Commissioner Koskinen did not notify Congress of any problem until June 13, 2014, when he included the information on the fifth page of the third enclosure of a letter to the Senate Committee on Finance. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office. Article IV. John Andrew Koskinen has failed to act with competence and forthrightness in overseeing the investigation into Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans because of their political affiliations as follows: Commissioner Koskinen stated in a hearing on June 20, 2014, that the Internal Revenue Service had ‘‘gone to great lengths’’ to retrieve all of Lois Lerner’s emails. Commissioner Koskinen’s actions contradicted the assurances he gave to Congress. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found over 1,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails that the Internal Revenue Service had failed to produce. Those discoveries took only 15 days of investigation to uncover. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration searched a number of available sources, including disaster backup tapes, Lois Lerner’s Blackberry, the email server, backup tapes for the email server, and Lois Lerner’s temporary replacement laptop. The Internal Revenue Service failed to examine any of those sources in its own investigation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment, trial, and removal from office. 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I offer this resolution, H. Res. 828, for consideration by the full House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. 828 Resolved, That John Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors and that the following articles of impeachment be exhibited to the Senate: Articles of impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States of America in the name of itself and of the people of the United States of America, against John Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, in maintenance and support of its impeachment against him for high crimes and misdemeanors. ARTICLE I  John Andrew Koskinen, in his conduct while Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, engaged in a pattern of conduct that is incompatible with his duties as an Officer of the United States, as follows: Commissioner Koskinen failed in his duty to respond to lawfully issued congressional subpoenas. On August 2, 2013, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives issued a subpoena to Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew, the custodian of Internal Revenue Service documents. That subpoena demanded, among other things, ‘‘[a]ll communications sent or received by Lois Lerner, from January 1, 2009, to August 2, 2013’’. On February 14, 2014, following the Senate’s confirmation of John Andrew Koskinen as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives reissued the subpoena to him. On March 4, 2014, Internal Revenue Service employees in Martinsburg, West Virginia, magnetically erased 422 backup tapes, destroying as many as 24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails responsive to the subpoena. This action impeded congressional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. The American people may never know the true culpability or extent of the Internal Revenue Service targeting because of the destruction of evidence that took place. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office. 
Lois Lerner’s emails. On February 2, 2014, senior Internal Revenue Service officials discovered that Lois Lerner’s computer hard drive had crashed, rendering hundreds or thousands of her emails unrecoverable. Commissioner Koskinen’s false statements impeded and confused congressional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office. 
ARTICLE III  John Andrew Koskinen, throughout his tenure as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, has acted in a manner inconsistent with the trust and confidence placed in him as an Officer of the United States, as follows: During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Committee on Finance, John Andrew Koskinen promised, ‘‘[W]e will be transparent about any problems we run into; and the public and certainly this committee will know about those problems as soon as we do.’’. Commissioner Koskinen repeatedly violated that promise. As early as February 2014 and no later than April 2014, he was aware that a substantial portion of Lois Lerner’s emails could not be produced to Congress. However, in a March 19, 2014, letter to Senator Wyden of the Senate Committee on Finance, Commissioner Koskinen said, ‘‘We are transmitting today additional information that we believe completes our production to your committee and the House Ways and Means [C]ommittee. . . . In light of these productions, I hope that the investigations can be concluded in the very near future.’’. At the time he sent that letter, he knew that the document production was not complete. Commissioner Koskinen did not notify Congress of any problem until June 13, 2014, when he included the information on the fifth page of the third enclosure of a letter to the Senate Committee on Finance. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office. 
ARTICLE IV  John Andrew Koskinen has failed to act with competence and forthrightness in overseeing the investigation into Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans because of their political affiliations as follows: Commissioner Koskinen stated in a hearing on June 20, 2014, that the Internal Revenue Service had ‘‘gone to great lengths’’ to retrieve all of Lois Lerner’s emails. Commissioner Koskinen’s actions contradicted the assurances he gave to Congress. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found over 1,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails that the Internal Revenue Service had failed to produce. Those discoveries took only 15 days of investigation to uncover. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration searched a number of available sources, including disaster backup tapes, Lois Lerner’s Blackberry, the email server, backup tapes for the email server, and Lois Lerner’s temporary replacement laptop. The Internal Revenue Service failed to examine any of those sources in its own investigation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment, trial, and removal from office. 
b1700 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution presents a question of privilege. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the resolution on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 180, nays 235, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 607] YEAS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—18 
Brown (FL) Castor (FL) Clawson (FL) Forbes Heck (NV) Issa Jolly Kirkpatrick Larsen (WA) Lee Lieu, Ted Miller (MI) Pittenger Poe (TX) Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I was too far away to return for the vote in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’ on rollcall No. 607. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise for a parliamentary inquiry based upon the resolution before us and the 
most somber responsibility of impeachment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Texas will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the inquiry is the underlying premise as to whether or not an impeachment should go forward when there are questions that are not documented of malfeasance or malice or the interpretation of the Madison Papers or the impeachment articles under the Constitution. Obviously, we are now preparing to refer. My question, Mr. Speaker, is whether or not we have made the appropriate documentation in the resolutions of the Articles of Impeachment that we should even refer this at all? I raise the question on a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has ruled that this resolution raises a question of the privileges of the House, and it is up to the House to dispose of that question. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank you, Mr. Speaker. Let me say that the substance of the Articles of Impeachment do not meet the standards that are evidenced in the articles in the Constitution or interpretive works, such as the Madison Papers. I believe it is without substance, and I would hope that we would not refer this at this time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is not stating a parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Goodlatte moves that the resolution be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, Members have different opinions about what to do to address the allegations of misconduct against IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. Some would impeach him; others would censure him. Still others would impose no penalty. To address these differences of opinion and to ensure this body administers due process in these deliberations, I recommend that the House refer this matter to the House Judiciary Committee. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion to refer. The previous question was ordered. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, is this impeachment resolution necessary or is it, in fact, true that Mr. Koskinen’s term extends well into the next President’s term all the way until November? Is that true? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot advise on that matter. The question is on the motion to refer. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 342, noes 72, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barton Bilirakis Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Chaffetz Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Fleming Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Griffith Harris Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Huelskamp Hunter Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Long Lummis Marchant Massie Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Noem Palmer Pearce Perry Pitts Posey Ribble Rigell Roby Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Stutzman Wagner Walberg Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Williams Wittman Yoho Zeldin Zinke 
Brown (FL) Castor (FL) Clawson (FL) Deutch Forbes Heck (NV) Jolly Kirkpatrick Larsen (WA) Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Pittenger Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Welch Westmoreland 
b1740 Messrs. BILIRAKIS and PALMER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the motion to refer was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR THE PRINTING OF A REVISED EDITION OF THE RULES AND MANUAL OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KATKO ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 945 Resolved, That a revised edition of the Rules and Manual of the House of Representatives for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress be printed and bound for the use of the House of Representatives, of which nine hundred eighty copies shall be bound in leather with thumb index and delivered as may be directed by the Parliamentarian of the House. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 34 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 174) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 34, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Mr. UPTON (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
BIG TEN CHAMPION PENN STATE NITTANY LIONS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Big Ten football champions, the Penn State Nittany Lions. Following a series of impressive victories that stunned the Nation, Penn State, my alma mater, finished the regular season ranked fifth in the Nation. After falling behind to Wisconsin 28– 14 at halftime, Penn State’s chances to take home the Big Ten trophy looked bleak; but under the leadership of Big Ten Coach of the Year James Franklin, the Nittany Lions rallied to score 24 points in the second half to win the Big Ten championship. Throughout the game, they showed grit, determination, and sportsmanship, making me proud to be a fellow Penn Stater. Congratulations to the Nittany Lions on an impressive season, and I wish you the best of luck in the Rose Bowl. We are. 
b1745 HOUSING DISCRIMINATION LAWSUIT AGAINST FANNIE MAE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in support of the housing discrimination lawsuit filed against the Federal National Mortgage Association yesterday, Monday, by the National Fair Housing Alliance and 20 local fair housing organizations across our Nation. The lawsuit properly alleges Fannie Mae purposely failed to maintain its foreclosed properties in African American and Latino neighborhoods to the same condition as it maintains properties in Caucasian neighborhoods. Over 20 cities were involved in this filing, and investigations revealed severe maintenance issues in communities of color, in contrast to Freddie Mac, which maintains its properties at a much higher standard in all neighborhoods. With a net income of over $45 billion over the last 2 years, Fannie Mae remains one of the largest issuers of singlefamily, mortgagerelated securities. This year, Fannie Mae reported holding over 40 million foreclosed properties, many of which they do not maintain. So why hasn’t Fannie Mae maintained its foreclosed properties in African American and Latino communities? They certainly have enough profits to do so. May the judges rule in favor of Fannie Mae meeting its public responsibilities to the communities of this country as soon as possible. f 
HONORING ERIC ELLSWORTH (Mr. BISHOP of Utah asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of Utah Highway Patrol trooper and Brigham City resident Eric Ellsworth, who was killed on November 18 in the line of duty. Eric was selflessly working to ensure the safety of others on a rural road in Box Elder County when he was tragically struck by a car and died several days later of the wounds that he sustained. In the days since his death, Eric’s family, friends, and fellow troopers have honored his memory, recalling his love for his family, his passion for life, his kindness, and his faith. Today, Mr. Speaker, we honor Eric for the courage that he demonstrated on a daily basis to protect the citizens of Utah. We are going to remember his heroic sacrifice and those of others like him who dedicate themselves to the safety of others, regardless of personal danger. My prayers go out to Eric’s wife, his sons, and his extended family during this very difficult time. 
HONORING CHOCO GONZALEZ MEZA (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Choco Gonzalez Meza, a beloved mother, grandmother, and friend, who changed the face of Texas politics. Her recent passing is a tremendous loss not only for her family, but for so many throughout Texas and the Nation whose lives she touched. Born in Coahuila, Mexico, Choco and her family immigrated to the United States when she was just 3 years old. She graduated from St. Mary’s University in San Antonio and went on to hold a number of leadership positions throughout her career. Whether at nonprofits like the YWCA, through public service as deputy assistant secretary at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or in politics as Bexar County Democratic chair, Choco tirelessly fought for social justice and strove to create opportunity for marginalized groups. Choco was truly a historic figure in Texas politics and a compassionate, selfless soul. We mourn her passing and are grateful for all she gave to our community in San Antonio and to our Nation’s democracy. 
DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PROGRAM (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, this is Nesbly Nayeli Saenz. She lives in my community, where she is raising a 14, an 11, and a 6yearold U.S. citizen family. She is actively involved in the success of our community. She works two jobs, and she recently came out with over 320 other El Pasoans to talk about the importance of ensuring that the DREAMers, 750,000 of our fellow Americans who were brought here to this country at a young age, are able to stay here. The uncertainty created by our Presidentelect’s promise to end the DACA program is creating anxiety and fear for these DREAMers and may ultimately lead to their deportation, which will hurt not just those DREAMers and their families, it will hurt our country. I ask the Presidentelect and I ask this Congress to do our jobs to provide that certainty to make sure that our laws reflect our values and that we keep wonderful Americans like Nesbly in our communities, in our country. It is going to be good for them, and it is going to be good for our country. 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, tonight I will continue on a quest that we have been challenged with for the last 7 years, and that is how to grow the American economy. Coming out of the Great Recession, where we lost millions of jobs and some 2 million manufacturing jobs that were in addition to the previous 6 million that had been lost in the years ahead of the Great Recession, we searched for how to rebuild the American economy and the great manufacturing base that once was the foundation for economic growth and the foundation for the middle class. This quest takes us yet again to, really, something that most Americans do not consider as manufacturing. Let me start with a very quick review of the project that we have been working on, which we call the Make It In America project, so that Americans can make it. Wouldn’t we want all of our families to be able to make it in America, to be able to buy that house, to educate our kids, to take the vacation? So the Make It In America project includes trade, about which there has been much discussion in these recent years, in the debates in the election process; tax policy, which we will be dealing with shortly, and I may touch on that just lightly today; energy policy; labor; education; research; and infrastructure. These are some of the critical elements that we focus on when we talk about making it in America so that Americans can make it in America. Today I want to talk about a couple of pieces of this that we normally don’t think about when we talk about manufacturing. So we will just put this up here and be reminded about American manufacturing. Think of the American farmer. Is that manufacturing? Well, I don’t know. You take sun, water, earth, seeds, effort, entrepreneurialism, and you make something called food. We are going to take it just a step beyond that, because part of the manufacturing in America really is the preparation of food for Americans; in other words, the producing of the food taken out of the field and prepared for sale to American families—some of it in the grocery stores, some of it now in farmer’s markets. But the manufacturing of food is a huge industry. It is also an industry that has enormous growth potential. We know that, for example, just in the Central Valley of California, which I represent—the Sacramento Valley and the San Joaquin Valley—there are 1,659 food and beverage manufacturing establishments that are part of that food chain: taking rice from the fields in my district to the brewery and producing something that many Americans want on a Sunday afternoon at the tailgate party before the football game, beer, or maybe it is from the vineyards to the winery, and then think about all of the other pieces that go into that. There is the package in which the sixpack is packed or the crate into which the bottles of wine are sent off to the local retail store. All of those pieces are also expanded by the machinery that is in the winery or in the brewery or in the tomato factory. All of these are jobs. And in many cases, these are American manufacturing jobs way, way back in the chain that have produced the pump or the electric motor or the pipe or the vat into which all of these products would be manufactured. So when we talk about manufacturing in the food industry, which is usually ignored when we talk about manufacturing in America, we need to realize that it is a huge part of the American economy and the American manufacturing scene. I was recently at one of the largest tomato packing plants in California, the CPC plant in Woodland, California, that produces every kind of tomato paste you might want, all of the tomato sauce, all of the salsa. You name it, it is manufactured there in a very complex environment in which, seasonally, there are 1,200 workers and, annually, 125 that are left to maintain, to improve the equipment, and to take care of any problems that occurred in that manufacturing process. There are also hundreds of employed truckers who then take those cases of tomato paste, put them on the truck, and ship them all the way across America, or put them on a train or put them in a container to be taken to the Port of Oakland and then shipped overseas. So when you consider the agricultural industry, think beyond the farmer. Think to what one of the bosses at a big winery in California told me as I was touring there a couple of years ago. When I was talking about manufacturing, he said: Hey, come. Let’s take a look out the back of my office. I said: Fine. Let’s go. He said: Do you see that? I said: Yes. Those are huge tanks and pumps and all the rest. He said: No. That is a manufacturing facility, and what we make is the best wine in the entire world. Indeed, it was very, very good wine. So when we talk about bringing manufacturing jobs back to America—and there has been much discussion, as Mr. Trump has gone off to a Carrier plant in Indiana—we ought to also think about food manufacturing, and that is something that is not going to disappear from the American scene because, hey, it is grown here in America, and it needs to be processed here in America. I want to take this so that we understand the full extent of the potential here. And if we have these elements in place, we will be able to create a very significant number of jobs. Trade policy, I am not going to get into that anymore, but this is a big piece of every trade deal: Will American agriculture, the farmers and the processors of those products, be able to trade into the international market? By and large, American agriculture has been precluded, through various trade deals of the past, from being able to reach its full potential in international trade. I want to talk specifically about labor for a moment, and these are the statistics from the California Department of Labor Marketing and Information Division. Between 2012 and 2022—so 4 of those years have already gone by—there will be, in California, 51,900 total openings in the food manufacturing sector. Some of those are replacements; 27,000 of those would be to replace people who are retiring and 24,000 will be new openings as the manufacturing of food expands. They are in every category you can imagine: packing and filling machine operators, cleaners of the vehicles and the equipment, inspectors, industrial machine mechanics, packers and packagers, drivers and sale workers, general operations, and managers. That is a huge number. There are almost 52,000 new jobs available just in the food processing sector of the California economy. Now, we make policy around here in every one of these areas, and the policies can enhance the food industry in the United States and create even more jobs in the United States. I want to give one example, and this is a piece of legislation that we have introduced here in Congress. We call it the American Food for American Schools Act— American food for American schools. It is H.R. 6299. Now, for years, we have had the School Lunch Act, providing nutritional food for kids at school, and the 
law has been pretty clear. It is Federal tax dollars, your tax dollars, mine. The American taxpayers’ money is supposed to be used to buy Americanproduced food. So maybe it is a peach or an apple, or maybe it is orange juice or perhaps one of those little packages of mixed fruits. Whatever it happens to be, your tax dollars are supposed to be spent on Americanproduced food. However, that is not necessarily the case, because there is a loophole as wide as a container ship, and schools across the Nation have been able to use that loophole to avoid buying American food, even though they are using American taxpayer dollars. b1800 So what we intend to do here is to tighten up that loophole and make it clear that if a school district intends to buy food produced in China or in Egypt or anywhere else around the world that they will have to tell the public that they are not buying American food, they are buying food produced somewhere else around the world, and using the tax dollars from the parents to buy foreign food rather than supporting the American farmer. I want to give you a couple of examples of the egregious nature of this waiver. Sacramento, California, is at the heart of the canned peach industry. Nearly all the canned peaches are grown within 50 miles of Sacramento. The Sacramento City Unified School District decided that, to save a few cents per can, they would reach out and buy Chinese peaches. I don’t mean a peach that is Chinese but, rather, peaches that are grown in China, canned in China under food security and safety regulations that are anybody’s guess as to what they are, and serve that in California, in Sacramento. It turns out that that created a bit of a stir and a bit of a problem for the school district, and they backed off, but that big loophole remains, and so the American Food for American Schools Act would close that loophole, providing opportunities for employment here in the United States and, in the case of Sacramento, in the Sacramento region. So we tightened it up. We say if a school district wants to bypass the Federal law and use American taxpayer money to buy strawberries from Egypt—which, by the way, happened to have been contaminated and were actually purchased by a school district across this nation, contaminated with hepatitis A. Recalls occurred. School districts used those strawberries. In one case in California, they made smoothies of it. Fortunately, to this date, we know of no illnesses that have been caused. But, clearly, if they had bought American, this would not have been a problem. So there would be notification, and there would be a very tight loophole through which the school districts would have to pass to avoid this issue of using American taxpayer dollars to buy American food. So the American Food for American Schools Act will have to be taken up next year. I believe it already is a bipartisan bill, and I would expect that next year it will have even more support as we make it clear that if we want to make it in America then we have to use our laws to support the American manufacturing sector. And tonight, if it is not yet clear, I will say it again. The farmer manufactures food—sunlight, water, soil, nutrients, entrepreneurial activity, hard work and labor to make the food—and then that food moves through the processing chain, creating additional manufacturing jobs. By the way, these are not lowpaying jobs. The average is $20 an hour. So we are talking about wages that are at the bottom end of the middle class structure. What we are looking at here are many different ways to achieve a rebirth, a regeneration of the American manufacturing sector, and today we bring something that I think most people didn’t expect when we talk about making it in America. They didn’t expect us to be saying that if we are going to make it in America, if Americans are going to be able to make it, then we ought to look to the manufacturing sector, broadly defined, whether it is agriculture or, as we talked about last week in the manufacturing of highspeed rail, the manufacturing of trains and vehicles of all kinds. So when your tax dollars are being spent, I would ask all of my colleagues and all of the public: Hey, are my tax dollars being spent on Americanmade goods and services, or are you buying foreign? That is a question for us to answer here and to write laws that encourage that your tax dollars will be spent on Americanmade goods and services. So we can make it in America. We can manufacture in America, and America can prosper as a result of the laws and the policies we put in place here. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I AM PROUD OF MY FOUR YEARS OF SERVICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for his service, for his dedication to making it in America and continuing to support those in agriculture, those who are working so hard to feed this Nation, everything they bring. I want to thank the gentleman. I rise today as a humble Member of this body, representing the people of Florida’s 18th Congressional District since 2013. Four years ago, I came to Congress to work as an independent thinker toward bipartisan solutions, making sure that we are moving our country forward but also moving our Nation forward. To that end, I started the Congressional United Solutions Caucus with likeminded Members from both sides of the aisle. Working together, we introduced major bipartisan legislation that would cut nearly $500 billion in government spending over 10 years by rooting out waste, inefficiencies, and finding some wasteful spending. I am proud that several of the commonsense measures outlined in the SAVE Act were actually passed as part of the House annual appropriations process, showing that both parties can actually work together to get our fiscal house in order. Furthermore, I have been proud of the bipartisan work of our State’s delegation to put Florida first. Together, we passed major legislation that I introduced with Congressman DENNIS  ROSSfrom Florida to improve the flood insurance market, giving Florida families more options for flood insurance coverage by bringing down the cost of those policies. As the founder and the cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Citrus Caucus, I worked with my colleagues TOMROONEY and V ERNBUCHANAN to secure almost $150 million for citrus greening research that is vital to our State’s iconic orange industry. We also passed legislation to expand tax incentives for replanting efforts to help the local farmers impacted by greening. Just last week, the House passed the WINGMAN Act that I introduced with Congressman TEDYOHOfrom Florida to remove barriers that prevent congressional staff, who already are working closely with the VA and local veterans on their claims, from being able to update constituents in a more timely manner. This change would help alleviate the burden on VA staff, better serve the veterans by expediting the claims process, and help tackle the backlog of cases. We also brought Members together, not just from Florida but across the Nation, to bring attention to the crisis in our local waterways and highlight the urgent need for Everglades restoration efforts to help provide longterm relief to our communities. I will never forget how touched and humbled I was to see more than 100 Floridians make their trip to Washington. Some of those folks came up 14 hours by bus to have their voices heard at a historic congressional briefing on our waterways that I helped host in October of 2013. In the midst of a government shutdown, 22 Members of Congress, including Democrats and Republicans, Senator BILL NELSON , Leader N ANCY  PELOSI , and the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman BILLSHUSTER came together with experts, community leaders, and residents to raise awareness for advocates of the solutions that are needed. Every day, I am given extraordinary opportunities to help the people of Palm Beach and the Treasure Coast. 
Every day, I am afforded an opportunity to make a difference in a person’s life. I am proud that, over the past 4 years, we have assisted thousands of constituents, helping to return over $4 million in earned benefits for the district. Those are lifechanging results that partisan bickering cannot take away. Too often, the negative attacks and partisanship overshadow the issues that actually matter to American families. We desperately need a new era of politics with leaders who put their country before their party, who solve problems instead of pointing fingers, and who are committed to service. While the outcome of this past election was not what I had hoped for for our State or for our Nation, there is still a window of opportunity for new leaders to make changes in America that our country is clearly yearning for. Much of the system is broken, from the money in politics to the corporate influences and the gerrymandering. There is too much outside impact influencing our election process. I also agree that many laws and regulations could use adjustments to work better for the American people and for our country. But let us remember that the outcome of this past election was not a mandate for many of the policy actions that are being discussed right now. Instead, we saw a stilldivided nation making it more important than ever that we have solutions that work for all Americans, not some Americans. That is why I hope to see a new focus on tackling climate change, tax reform, investing in our infrastructure, rebuilding the middle class, improving educational opportunities, and protecting our country from the threats of cyber attacks and terrorism, all things I championed during my time in this Chamber. But above all, I hope that we do not move our country backwards. That requires leaders who can unite us, not those using fear and lies to further divide this country. I will always be the first to say that we must work together—not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans. However, we cannot simply gloss over the hateful and divisive rhetoric that plagued our country this past year. The United States is better than this, and the world is watching. As an eternal optimist, I am hopeful that our leaders will work together to begin to heal these wounds and move our country forward together, showing that we are stronger than those who wish to divide us. That is what I will keep pushing for and hope that our leaders in Washington will join me in fighting for what is right for the American people. My commitment to our community, to the great State of Florida, and to our Nation will always continue. Thank you to my constituents, to my colleagues, and to my team for an honor of a lifetime, serving the Treasure Coast and Palm Beach here in the United States Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CLOSING OUT THE 114TH CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida for his service here in this body and wish him well as he opens the next chapter of his life, and I certainly hope that we will stay in touch. Mr. Speaker, today I come to the floor to really thank the people of the 10th District of Illinois for giving me an opportunity, a tremendous honor to become their voice here in Washington, D.C., to serve them here in the United States House of Representatives. When I first ran for Congress, it was because I, as a smallbusiness owner, felt the government was making it harder and harder for me to put the key in the door of my small business, harder for me to hire an individual, and I think they should be making it easier for me to do those things, easier for me to put the key in the door, easier for me to hire that next individual. Today, Mr. Speaker, too many politicians and bureaucrats in Washington just don’t understand what it takes to meet a budget and a payroll. We see a disconnect in so many people who are risking everything, who feel that the folks here in Washington, D.C., just don’t understand. They feel that Washington has grown far too distant, become out of touch, and unresponsive to the realworld difficulties that families are facing each and every day. Too many people feel that government officials have forgotten who they actually work for, something that myself and my team never forgot. b1815 Throughout my time in office, my team and I have gone to work each and every day to fix this disconnect. In just the past 2 years, we have held more than 1,000 events that we held back in the district with community leaders and constituents to listen, learn, act, and ultimately make sure that we were accessible so that those individuals felt that they had their voice in Washington, D.C.; that we did understand what they were encountering each and every day, whether it was up in Zion or north Chicago or down in Des Plaines or in Highland Park and Lake Forest. We responded to over 50,000 constituents’ letters. We helped over 1,250 families break through the red tape of government bureaucracy in order to help them with whatever it was that was plaguing them at the time. That really was because of the great constituent service that our team displayed day in and day out. We held five nonpartisan job fairs in order to connect 10th District jobseekers with good, highpaying careers that were right here in the district. Mr. Speaker, I represent the fourth largest manufacturing district in the country, and manufacturer after manufacturer would let me know: I have good, highpaying jobs available, I just can’t find people qualified to take those jobs. Holding these job fairs was a critical thing in order to make sure people were able to make payments on their mortgage, to be able to make sure that there was food on the table. These actions made a real difference in people’s lives for themselves and for their families. Mr. Speaker, I have always said that there is so much more that unites us than divides us. Yet, when we look at Washington, too many people are talking about the gridlock. That is the stuff that sells newspapers. That is the thing that is on the nightly news. Yet, people have to recognize here in this body, the people’s House, and, frankly, across the Capitol in the Senate, that we are not Republicans or Democrats first, but we are Americans, first and foremost, and that we are all bound by the shared vision of wanting our communities and our Nation to succeed, to be safe, healthy, and strong. That is why I have always sought to work across the aisle to tackle the most challenging issues facing our country. The results have proved that, when we work together, we truly can make an enormous impact on the lives of the American people, we can make their lives just a little bit easier. When we think about what we have been able to do over the course of the last few years, I still remember time and again we would go to townhall meetings and we would go to events and talk to people, and they would ask: Is Washington working? The answer was unequivocally: No, it is not working. Yet, when we reminded them about some of the things that we were able to do over the course of the last 2 years when we worked together, most people were shocked. We passed historic, bipartisan reforms to ensure that seniors will continue to have access to their doctors through Medicare. This fix ends a nearly twodecadelong stretch of short term patches year after year. Doctors would be concerned that, at the end of the year, they were going to get a 25 or 30 percent cut in their pay just for taking care of our seniors. Therefore, a lot of the doctors ended up saying: I am not going to take care of seniors. Well, we came together in a bipartisan way and actually fixed that problem. We passed the first longterm surface transportation bill and infrastructure funding bill in more than a decade. Our efforts brought money flowing into Illinois to fix our roads and rails, reduce congestion, and make the daily 
commute safer not just for the 10th District, but for communities all across our country. We passed a historic education reform bill, which will improve the classroom experience for students in our community. The Every Student Succeeds Act reduced the Federal control and returned more power to parents so that they could actually make more decisions about their children’s education, to the teachers, and to the local school districts, which is where the power should be. I have to say that I am particularly proud of our Educational Advisory Board, which was chaired by Laz Lopez and so many others that contributed to that that were really instrumental in helping provide and in shaping some policy with regard to education in our office. I am particularly proud of one of the provisions that actually made it into the reform bill, which I authored, which will bring literally millions of dollars into one of the neediest school districts in our country, the North Chicago Community Unit School District 187. Our effort actually put students ahead of the interests of others and we put partisan politics aside to make a real difference in their lives. As a member of the House Ways and Means Committee, it was an honor to be part of an effort to develop and pass important legislation to reduce the tax burden on families across our country. Our work allows small businesses and families to have more certainty when it comes to planning, how they are able to expense equipment and do certain things that they want to be able to do when it comes time to planning, budgeting, and the like. We ensure that critical antipoverty programs continue to receive the resources that they need to be successful while also injecting a number of new and innovative ideas into the conversation that will better help people reach their fullest potential. I want to make special mention of the great work being done by YouthBuild, which is helping young men and women in Lake County. YouthBuild is a nationwide organization, but their Lake County chapter is one of the best. I recognize that I may be biased, but they are helping individuals that might have taken a wrong turn throughout an early part of their life, giving them realworld skills to be able to get on their feet and be able to move forward. I will forever be in their debt for doing really incredible work to provide hope for an enormous number of individuals. Over the last 2 years, we secured robust funding for programs like the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative in order to protect what I believe is one of our greatest natural resources in the Great Lakes. Our bipartisan efforts bring us one step closer to ensuring that we keep this incredible asset, incredible resource clean for future generations. We worked across the aisle to pass bills to prevent sex trafficking as well as ensure survivors of sexual assault and domestic violence have the resources that they need. Most recently, we worked together to pass landmark legislation known as 21st Century Cures Act. In that bill was a bill that was certainly near and dear to many, and certainly to Dr. TIMMURPHY, in the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. So many are being impacted around the country, and this is something that needs our attention. This soontobe law also increases funding for the National Institutes of Health, which will speed up our efforts to find cures to many of the world’s deadliest diseases while also delivering longoverdue reforms to address the gaps in our Nation’s mental health system. When we think about the National Institutes of Health, Mr. Speaker, we actually passed over the last 2 years the largest increase in funding for the National Institutes of Health. I do believe that, if we want to try to reduce the costs of health care, one of the things that we are going to have to do is come up with cures for things like Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson’s disease and diabetes. We spend $330 billion every year treating diabetes. If we came up with a cure, I am confident that we could put those resources to use in so many other areas. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few examples of what can be accomplished when we set aside our partisan differences and decide to work together for the people that we represent. Of course, another area we notably did on this is the issue of prescription drug and heroin abuse. There is one family in particular that inspired our team’s efforts, which deserves, I believe, special mention. In the suburbs of Chicago, Mr. Speaker, someone dies from a heroin overdose every 3 days. In Cook County, it is every day. They leave behind a family in grief. I first met Chelsea Laliberte nearly 5 years ago. She grew up in Buffalo Grove, just outside of Chicago, with her brother Alex. Alex graduated from Stevenson High School. He played sports. He got good grades. He had a tremendous number of friends. Then, during his sophomore year in college, he started getting sick. When Alex got sick, he would go to the hospital and get better and get back on his feet, at least for a little while; but a few months later, this would repeat. He would get sick and be admitted once again. It was a vicious cycle. Honestly, his family didn’t know what was going on. What we did finally find out is that Alex was addicted to prescription drugs and he was suffering from withdrawal, which brought him to the hospital. Then, in 2008, just a few days after final exams, Alex Laliberte overdosed and died. He was 20 years old. As a father, I can’t imagine the pain of losing one of my children to a drug overdose. But sadly, too many families have experienced this loss. Heroin abuse and prescription drug abuse is an epidemic that is impacting our entire country. I worked with Chelsea and the Laliberte family to introduce a bill called Lali’s Law, named in memory of Alex, that would increase access to an overdose antidote called naloxone. Naloxone has already saved more than 150 lives in Lake County, Illinois, alone in just the last 2 years. This was really done by the initiative of Mike Nerheim and the police and so many people coming together. The police actually asked if they could carry naloxone because they were tired of showing up on the scene and seeing someone right before them die from an overdose. When they agreed and gave first responders in squad cars the ability to administer naloxone, life after life was saved. So I do want to recognize Mike Nerheim and all those at the Lake County Opioid Initiative for the great work that they are doing, the lives that they are saving. This is something that, frankly, we are just starting to address and there is a lot more work, obviously, that needs to be done. The World Health Organization actually says that with increasing access to naloxone, we have an opportunity to save over 20,000 lives this year. Working together, we passed our bill through the House and with overwhelmingly bipartisan support secured its inclusion in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which the President signed into law in July. It is my sincere hope that, because of our efforts, Alex’s lasting legacy will include saving countless lives, sparing families this unimaginable grief, and giving people all across our country a second chance at recovery. While I am tremendously proud of the achievements that we have accomplished together, there is still, of course, so much more that needs to be done. The costs of taking care of our families, educating our children, providing health care, and saving for retirement have all become more burdensome in the recent years. Misguided economic policies hold back our small businesses and entrepreneurs and too many families are being trapped in generational poverty without the opportunities for meaningful work or for a quality education. As a father of three young children and the son of a schoolteacher, one of the most important issues that I have tackled during my time in Congress has been ensuring that future generations are equipped with the skills that they need to succeed. A quality education is the building blocks for literally everything that we want to achieve, from curing cancer and Alzheimer’s to helping hardworking individuals secure a good, highpaying job. 
Among the work that I am most proud of in this Congress are three important bills that we put forward. First, we wrote the HELP for Students and Parents Act to make college more affordable, more accessible for literally everyone. Today, across the United States, there are $1.3 trillion in student loan debt between 40 million Americans. Sadly, there are students in our community as young as elementary school who now believe that, because their families don’t have the means to pay, they are never going to be able to achieve the dream of going to college, regardless of how hard they work. That is simply unacceptable and must change. The HELP for Students and Parents Act is one measure that can improve by helping make employer contributions towards employee student loan repayment and the employer contributions towards 529 college savings accounts for a worker’s child—the norm in American society. Building on these ideas that are commonplace today, such as tax benefits that encourage employersponsored retirement accounts and health care, this legislation would update the Tax Code to reflect the financial goals of students and parents seeking to help with student debt. With only 3 percent of employers currently offering student loan debt repayment, this is a meaningful way to ease the anxiety of student debt and make college education more attainable for people all across our country. Second, Mr. Speaker, we introduced the Stand Up for Students Act to level the playing field for lowincome school districts that are being ravaged by fiscal mismanagement in my home State. b1830 Sadly, for years, Springfield and the politicians there have taxed Federal money given to school districts serving lowincome students in an effort to pay down debts created due to fiscal mismanagement. Under no circumstances should these politicians be allowed to use Federal money intended to help the most inneed schools to bail themselves out of a mess that they created through decades of irresponsible spending. The Stand Up for Students Act would hold Springfield accountable and would ensure that we are giving the most vulnerable children the best chance at success by stopping this immoral tax on students who need our help the most. And third, beyond education in the classroom, I want to underscore our efforts in advancing innovative antipoverty measures that will connect hardworking people with a job. I introduced the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act to help reform the way our country thinks about poverty and getting people back to work. With nearly 50 million Americans still living in poverty, we must demand a new and better approach. The Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act helps those on welfare land a job. It does this by providing funding that will reduce the cost to an employer for taking a chance and hiring an individual who may be on welfare. This boost can make all the difference in the world for that individual seeking a job, and I am pleased that this legislation passed the House earlier this year. Moving forward, I urge my colleagues in the next Congress to take up these three bills to help our students and young workers and individuals struggling to climb the economic ladder the educational opportunities that they deserve, and let’s help people reach their full potential. I also urge my colleagues in this body to take up other pieces of legislation. I certainly am hopeful that we can tackle immigration reform. As a nation of immigrants, we know that this is a humanitarian issue. It is an economic issue, and a national security issue that, frankly, must be tackled. When we look at those, the DREAMers that are as American as many of us right here in this body, we want to make sure that they have an opportunity to stay here in our country, to be contributing members of our community, and to be able to continue to live their lives as they are doing right now. We want them to come out of the shadows and have an opportunity to succeed. I also think we have an opportunity and a need to move forward on commonsense gun legislation, on background checks, because, again, I think the thing that we have to come back to, Mr. Speaker, is the idea that we want to focus on what unites us. Coming from the Chicago area, I can tell you what we have to do and what unites us is the idea that we want to reduce gun violence. One of our colleagues here in the House, my friend, DANNY DAVIS, just lost his grandson just a few short weeks ago, an altercation in this young man’s home over a pair of tennis shoes. We have to step up and do something that, again, is not infringing on Second Amendment rights, but is talking about some commonsense legislation to make our community safer. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about the difference that we have made on foreign affairs and national security, because one thing that I love about the 10th District is that there are so many great people who are incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about the strong alliances and the grave threats that we have overseas. Beginning with my first speech here in this Chamber nearly 6 years ago, I have worked to stand against the Iranian aggression and Iran’s pursuit of a nuclear weapon. For years, I have been a strong and unapologetic advocate for ratcheting up the sanctions and pressure on Iran. I have pushed for promoting human rights and democracy inside of Iran and have devoted much time on this very floor to warn against agreeing to a fundamentally flawed nuclear pact with Iran. I continue to believe that the Iranian nuclear agreement is a historic mistake that has emboldened our enemies and will haunt us for a generation. It has endangered our friends and, frankly, is just misguided. The same fatal flaws with the agreement that existed a year ago still continue to this day. I am proud of our efforts to lead on this issue. I am heartened that our bipartisan majority in the Congress rejected this dangerous agreement, and I continue to call on Congress to lead the way in restoring a crippling sanctions architecture on Iran. Mr. Speaker, I am also incredibly proud of our efforts to strengthen the U.S.Israel relationship these past few years: We have ensured robust foreign assistance so that Israel may protect its civilians from the many terror threats on its borders. We have fought to combat efforts in the international community, including in the United Nations, that seek to delegitimize Israel and wrongly pressure Israel to give up its defensible borders. We have unequivocally condemned instances of Palestinian incitement to violence against Israelis. We openly and proudly welcomed Prime Minister Netanyahu’s speech before the Congress last February. And, of course, we authored legislation known as the Combating BDS Act of 2016, which has earned over 160 cosponsors in this body. This critical legislation, which I am hopeful will pass in the next Congress, provides a much needed opportunity so that we may go on the offensive against the hateful Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions Movement against the State of Israel. While we do not know what the future will hold, or every upcoming challenge that we will face in the Middle East, I am confident that the United States will be bestserved by continuing to strengthen our partnership with Israel, so that we can face these security challenges together, shoulder to shoulder. Now, Mr. Speaker, none of our work in this Congress would have been possible without the incredible team that was truly dedicated to improving the lives of the people of the 10th Congressional District. Now, that team starts with two great chiefs: James Slepian, who was the chief when we first came in this Congress, more of a quiet leader, very sharp, a quick wit, was incredibly instrumental in guiding us through some turbulent times; and David Stern, whom I consider to be a dear friend, and his advice and counsel is some that I cherish. He is a little bit misguided on his love for the White Sox, but we will forgive him on that. But the long and the short of it is a passionate advocate for the people of the 10th District and one who always has a smile on his face. 
They helped lead an incredible team, along with my deputy chief of staff, Kim Brisky, who always had an opportunity to make sure that we stayed on the straight and narrow, who always was there for us when we needed a pickmeup. And so, Kim, who is, I am sure, going on to bigger and better things, she was absolutely fantastic. My deputy director, Philippe Melin, actually has been with me as long as anyone. And I will say that he may sometimes rub people the wrong way, but I have always appreciated his passion for the district, his ability to throw himself into any particular issue, to fight on behalf of children when it comes to education; whether it be building coalitions, Philippe has actually been super. My legislative director, Matt Diller, is that quiet individual that made sure the trains were running on time. Our communications director, Brad Stewart, probably held up a camera more times than I care to remember, and I apologize to him for messing up probably more times than I needed to. Ultimately, when it came to our social media and actually getting the word out, Brad was vitally important in making sure that our message was getting out to the people that it needed to. We had an outstanding staff in Washington that worked hard to amplify the voice of each and every constituent, and Jordan Heyman, who was really focused on a lot of healthcare work, came to us from the campaign, but really rolled up her sleeves and was fantastic. Noah Barger, Noah—or Jason, as he is sometimes referred to—always had a smile on his face, was probably one of the rocks in that office. Chelsea Caulfield, who is truly the spark plug of our team, and would come into the office to see a smile from Chelsea, who made sure that I was where I needed to be and when I needed to be there. Brittany Consolo, who came into our office. Time and again, people would always comment about how kind Brittany was, and so, for her, I say that we know that she has got a very bright future as well. And the hardest working district office in the country: Eric Miller, who really was what I consider one of the leaders of our casework, is one of the guys that put his head down day in and day out. We would not be or could not have gotten to the 1,250 cases were it not for Eric; Victoria Williams, who has a special talent when it comes to not only working with people and connecting, especially with those on domestic abuse and the like, which was an area that she threw herself into; Peter Collins, who had more spreadsheets available than I think anybody else, but Peter, again, one of my favorite Hellenic individuals in the office; Scott Lietzow was a passionate advocate and worked with our veterans day in and day out and helped put our Veterans Advisory Board together, and he worked with them day in and day out to make a difference in their lives; Allie Breschi, a proud Denison graduate, was helping Brad out in terms of our communications and did a super job; Andy Chiero also worked with our veterans; Alma Herrera, who, I think was really a dynamo, and we missed her as she went off to finish up some schooling; Natalie Szmyd came in and filled the role and helped out with our Polish community; Bobby Miller also was one of those individuals that exceeded expectations right from the beginning; Jordan Richter and Nikki West; Ginny Wood, who helped out with our seniors; Justo Arellano and Martin Lopez really were absolutely fantastic in rounding out our team. So again, I think you are only as good as the team that you have put together, and I am super proud of the team that I was able to put together, that really worked tirelessly on behalf of the constituents of the 10th District. One of the things I am proud of is that lifelong Democrats would come up to us and say, you know, thanks for helping us out on this, and I think that we have got to talk to you about, you know, when you do something good for us. But ultimately, our job was, regardless of whom you are elected by, I made sure that our team knew that we represented 100 percent of the people. This team really cared so much about the work that we were doing and made a real difference in the lives of literally everyone that they had an opportunity to touch. But some people that I think are important to thank are my colleagues. This is a pretty remarkable place, with some really remarkable people, and I want to thank them for their friendship and the great work that we were able to accomplish together. I will miss them dearly, those on the other side of the aisle as well, because most of our legislation, almost every piece of legislation that we offered, was with bipartisan support. I kept telling my team, if we couldn’t get those on the other side of the aisle to sign up, this bill wasn’t going anywhere. I also want to thank the people who make this body work, the unsung heroes, the folks down in the wood shop, the folks behind the rostrum, the people that make Congress work. Really, these are the folks that respect the institution, and the institution will move on 10 years from now and, we hope, hundreds of years from now. Now, Mr. Speaker, the last group that I want to thank is my family. I have three beautiful children and a wife who is a saint to allow me to do this day in and day out. So, for Harper, Bobby, and Honor, thank you for giving up the time. I am sorry that I was not there, but we have a new chapter; and so we know, if this is the worst thing that happens in terms of our time away from the Congress, we have great new things ahead for us. And for my bride, Danielle, sweetheart, I want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to do this. I know that you oftentimes were the one making sure that the trains ran on time back at home, and for that I will forever be grateful. So from day one, this has been about working together to get the job done, making the Federal Government more efficient, effective, and accountable, and restoring strong American leadership on the global stage. When I was growing up, my parents gave me a plaque that said: ‘‘Your integrity determines your identity.’’ As a smallbusiness owner, I learned that nothing gets done without teamwork. b1845 If we want to achieve anything as a nation, we must commit to advancing commonsense, bipartisan solutions to break through this gridlock. That is why I am so proud to have consistently been ranked one of the most independent, bipartisan Members in the United States Congress. This commitment to genuine bipartisanship has been the key to some of our biggest successes that we have had over the last 2 years. It is also what has helped us to become effective on amplifying the independent voice for the 10th District of Illinois. I strongly believe that America’s best days, Mr. Speaker, are ahead of us. Together, I am confident that we can ensure a more prosperous and free future for our children and for future generations. To the people of the 10th District, I offer my sincere thanks for the opportunity of a lifetime to be able to represent you in the United States Congress. It has truly been the greatest honor of my life. To my staff, again, I want to say ‘‘thank you’’ for all that you do. It has been an honor to be able to work with you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
THE FIRST 100 DAYS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my remarks, I think it’s only appropriate to congratulate, thank, and wish all the best to my friend, BOBDOLD. BOB, you have earned a reputation around here. You may not know it, but I am going to tell it to you: I think you are the hardest working person here. I listened to a number of your accomplishments. It is not only representative of your thoughtfulness and your desire to serve the country, but it is 
this integrity of work ethic that has impressed me and so many other Members here. I know this departure is a bit bittersweet. Sweet in a sense that you are now free to be with your primary purpose in life: your children, your family, and your mission together as a family; and a little bit bitter in that you are going to miss us and we will miss you. I thank you for your leadership. Mr. Speaker, regarding my remarks tonight, I want to begin with a little anecdote. Vice Presidentelect Mike Pence was a Member of the House of Representatives. I overlapped some time and service with him. He was a friend and, in some ways, a mentor. He came to speak to a group of us recently, and Vice Presidentelect Pence had this to say: Buckle up. Buckle up because, Mr. Speaker, the next 100 days are going to be intense. Beginning in January, we will have a new President and a new Congress. The next 100 days not only will be intense, but it will also create possibilities. That next 100 days will set a new architecture for government and a repurposed relationship between the people and the state. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, partisan paralysis has plagued this Congress leading to stagnation in Washington. We know it and the people know it. With this historic and transformative election, the playbooks of both political parties that had been used for decades are tattered and lay in shreds; and rightfully so. This transition of Presidential administrations has unleashed the potential for a genuine reimagining of public policy, and it is time for the Nation to adopt a more inclusive model. Power that has been concentrated in Washington and on Wall Street has left millions of Americans feeling left behind and at the margins of what many regard as a corrupt and elitist world. Millions of Americans face stagnating wages, downward mobility, and an increased costofliving. Income inequality has risen while, at the same time, the small business sector has been seriously harmed. This must change. So what are we looking at? We are looking at this: we are looking at new healthcare horizons, new trade and tax policies aimed at restoring the decimated manufacturing sector, returning jobs and returning dignity and social cohesion to large swaths of our Nation. An economic system of inclusion and empowerment capable of generating widespread participation is now the new center ground of this country. Now, Mr. Speaker, in the time that we have, I would like to survey multiple public policy areas that are in need of deep replenishment, and I would like to speak about the opportunity of possibilities that lies before us. So right out of the gate, what are we going to do? Congress will launch a significant healthcare reform initiative. Mr. Speaker, we all know this, but it needs to be said once again: skyrocketing cost and diminished choice is the residue of poor policy, and we can do better. At the same time, we cannot default back to the previous arrangement which left way too many persons behind. While there might be a fierce fight in this body on the specifics of reform proposal, broad agreement will likely coalesce around two things: protecting persons from inhuman market forces while, at the same time, incentivizing the best of market innovation to bring about change. Americans with spiraling healthcare costs know that a new healthcare construct is needed. To address these concerns, the next approach must reinvigorate health insurance with the goals of lowering price, protecting the sick, and improving options. The next generation health savings account will be at the cornerstone of this effort restoring relationship, responsibility, and respect as drivers of healthcare policy. Now, Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act, known as ObamaCare, has helped some people, yet, at the same time, it has hurt others. We often speak about repealing and replacing it, but perhaps it is time to speak about repealing it and replacing the repeal andreplace language with new language that really underlies the principles that we all ought to be embracing. They are really threefold; the first of which is relationship, responsibility, and respect. Mr. Speaker, for persons who have had a gravely sick child, perhaps there is nothing more difficult than having to turn that child’s care over to other persons. I recall when our daughter, Kathryn, was a little infant. My wife and I, with our daughter, walked to the door of the surgery room and then handed her over to the nurse. We had to let her go into the hands of people that we had to trust. She has had a long journey. She has had five major heart surgeries and nine total surgeries. But that very first moment where we turned our little baby over to the nurse was an extraordinarily poignant and deeply impactful one for my wife and me, made only better by the reality that that team of people that had been put around her genuinely cared and that we were in relationship with them. Relationship between the doctor and the patient, between a healthcare system and the person—not the commodity, but the person—is an absolutely critical first principle. Mr. Speaker, a long time ago, I had a very severe headache. I was a young man, and I had to buy my insurance privately. I did so. I tried to be responsible. But because that headache was so intense, I decided: Well, I am going to have to seek a specialist. Bypassing the family doctor in order to save myself $50, I went to the ENT, the ear, nose, and throat surgeon. She told me that, after an xray, she couldn’t really tell what the problem was and that they were going to need to do a CAT scan. Immediately I launched into some questions. I said: Doctor, I know there is a problem with medical liability and there is an attempt by the medical establishment to create the conditions in which the potential for lawsuits is mitigated and there are a lot of tests to run. She interrupts me. She says: Why are you telling me all this? I said: Because, Doctor, I am paying for it. I have a major medical policy, what is called a catastrophic policy, with a very high deductible. This is coming out of my pocket. Do you really need the test? She said: Oh, I see. Well, yes, I need the test; but now that you said that, I am just looking at your sinuses. So why don’t we call a couple of places in town and ask them if they could widen the cross section of the image and give you a discount for doing so? She had her assistant do that. In a minute, we found a facility that would actually discount the price based upon another type of test. So what happened here? I saved perhaps another $75, the doctor got the tests that she needed, and perhaps, more importantly, the community resource was more properly allocated because I had a role in the decisionmaking process. Put in economic terms, I had an incentive in the allocation of that resource because I was paying for it. That is called responsibility. Back to this idea of what we are coming to, particularly for the next generation, the younger generation, whereby we create and revitalize the whole health savings account policy apparatus. If you set a little money aside on a taxdeferred basis, then it helps you control the ordinary costs of health care, and, at the same time, if something goes wrong, you shouldn’t have to be on the gurney in the hospital asking for a price list for the cheapest anesthesiologist. No, you are protected. That is the right methodology of thinking forward that will actually protect you when you are in vulnerable circumstances but empower you to take better control in relationship with your doctor and medical provider of those firstdollar costs. That is what I think we can see coming as a cornerstone of the revival of our healthcare system. That is a start of a system we can regard with respect. It is relationship, responsibility, and respect. Those are the principles and the new cornerstones of health care moving forward. Mr. Speaker, regarding infrastructure, another important policy area, broad bipartisan agreement exists around rebuilding our Nation’s infrastructure. From airports to roads, to bridges, to information technology, new projects are on the horizon. I would add that sustainable energy should be on that list. As a public good, properly selected infrastructure improvements are a benefit to society at large. 
Infrastructure can also be virtual, setting up systems for better interconnectivity. It also has implications for health care as we build out, for instance, innovative healthcare models. The challenge, of course, to all of us will be in financing and insuring the proper division between Federal, State, and local governments as well as with the private sector. Mr. Speaker, the third policy area is spending. In an unprecedented legislative development, our government is moving forward on two budgets simultaneously. Those of us serving on the House Appropriations Committee have a very heavy lift. In a parallel process, we will fix up the current budget while creating a budget for the following year. While it is easy to speak about new ideas, plans to pay for them are the test of smart government. We must remain sober about spending. Deficit spending is a form of taxation—especially on the poor and seniors—when this debt that is run up is monetized. The good news is that this peculiar set of circumstances gives lawmakers—all of us—much more flexibility in creating genuinely creative policy outcomes. Mr. Speaker, a fourth area I want to touch on is taxes. Tax is a broad issue that, like health care, has many thorny and complex considerations. I anticipate that Congress will move to solve tax anomalies that harm America’s competitive standing in the world, including giveaways to multinational corporations. The Tax Code should reposition funds captured overseas to be brought back into America, and any reform should prioritize small business—the source of new jobs and the source of local economies. This process should really be guided by a threefold goal. First of all, fairness. Second, simplification. And the third is economic growth in order to produce revenues for the government. b1900 First of all, let’s touch on this issue of fairness. Presidentelect Trump, our new President, has called for doing away with a provision in the Tax Code called carried interest. I agree with him. If you are wealthy enough, you can basically take income and restructure it to be paid as capital gains. That means a higher income tax becomes a much lower tax through this mechanism. The vast majority of people in America can’t do it. A few can. Closing this is not a panacea, necessarily, but it is a good first step. It points to a deeper principle; one that is called fairness. When a person makes things with their own two hands, when they use the creative gifts of their intellect, this is an imprint of their own personal dignity, the dignity of work, that gift, that meaningful place where you can actually see the fruit of your own labor. So what is the first thing we do? We tax it. We call it earned income, while another category of income called unearned gets a preferential rate. This is a discussion we need to have. The second point, simplification. A few years back, we had a tax reform act here. It was controversial. A number of us voted for it, and it passed. Before doing that, I decided to run up the road and see someone who lives near where I do. His name is Warren Buffett. Now, Warren Buffett and I have different philosophical approaches on many things, but he was generous enough to welcome me to his office. We spent about an hour together. I wanted to get his particular perspective not only on that tax bill but on some other things. In an interesting exchange, Mr. Buffett turned around to his credenza, pulled out a file, an old file, pulled out a single piece of paper, and said: JEFF, just do this, just do this. Put the Tax Code on a piece of paper. Simplification. Now, a Tax Code, in reality, cannot always be cut. It has to be optimized. We have to run the government, we have to have revenues, but in a manner that does not deteriorate the ability of the economy, small business and others, to create jobs, and to provide the proper catalyst for economic growth. And that is the balance. Mr. Speaker, let me turn to the issue of regulation. But before I do, can I inquire as to the amount of time that is left. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). The gentleman from Nebraska has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Let’s touch upon the issue of regulation. Washington is readying to correct regulatory overreach that has constrained the ability of small business to flourish. For far too long, Washington has distorted markets and, most importantly, the imagination of people to find better solutions for themselves and for their neighbors. Government must play its role, but with constraints on its tendency to seize more power. Mr. Speaker, I recently visited a 125 yearold bank in a small town called North Bend, Nebraska. It is an agriculture community. This bank is now in its fourth generation. The family was eager to show me something they had recently discovered. There is an architectural gym that had been covered over by a ceiling. In doing some remodeling, they found a hidden stained glass panel and gorgeous ornamentation on the various beams above. The bank is, rightly, proud to showcase this history and this beautiful symbol of a flourishing past. The story began when all of the banks in the area in this town went under during the Great Depression. One of the local banks reorganized itself and came forward with a proposal to the community. It was this: If you stay with us, you stay with our bank, we will give you 50 cents on your dollar now and pay you back the rest over time. Mr. Speaker, it took the family that owned that bank 20 years, but they paid every dime back to every member of that bank, without ever taking a dividend for themselves until that money was paid back. The original owner died shortly thereafter. He gave his word, and he got it done. As a longstanding community institution, this local bank did not bring our Nation down in the financial crisis of 2008. It did not benefit from insider class privilege that enabled liar loans and highrisk collateralized debt negotiations. It did not help multinational banking conglomerates grow so large in hubris and reach that they nearly tanked our economy. At the same time, this small Nebraska bank is besieged by a regulatory overlay created by a crisis that it did not participate in. It is not fair. So rightsizing regulation does not mean doing away with it, Mr. Speaker. It means what is sensible to protect the health and safety and wellbeing and create a fair playing field for everyone with minimal intrusion for maximum market functionality. There is a real cost to regulation, there is a real cost to no regulation, and there is a real cost to dumb regulation. We look forward to finding that balance once again. Mr. Speaker, there are many other aspects that I could speak about regarding community revitalization and foreign policy, but I want to touch on an important debate that is under way now regarding our immigration system. Our immigration system is stretched. Laws have not been enforced, have led to chaos and dislocation, testing the natural generosity of Americans. Righting the legal system, stopping unscrupulous employers, and holding those who break the law to account are the start of restoring a humane and fair immigration policy. In another small town right north of Omaha, Blair, Nebraska, it is nestled among the beautiful, rolling, wooded hills along the Missouri River. It is a traditional hub of agricultural activity as well. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. There are several large manufacturing plants, and it is a very stable community, a community of very strong values, so much so that recently a Sunday school class of little children wrote to me about the need to help other impoverished children in countries across the world. Their letters were so touching and heartwarming. They demonstrated this enduring universal ideal that animates the moral imagination of Nebraska’s young people and young people throughout the country. But fast forward to a jarring criminal incident that took place a few months ago when three men were arrested in Blair driving nearly 90 miles per hour, with a loaded gun, stolen in Iowa. Two of them were Somali immigrants from Lincoln and Minneapolis here on visas. Both were wanted by the Department 
of Homeland Security, and, between the two, had 34 previous arrests. The third man had 50 previous arrests. Even though the three have been in America long enough to have been arrested 94 times, they still requested a court interpreter. They abused their privilege. They do not belong in America. America has a great capacity to be generous. But those who have received our generosity have an obligation. If you want to come to America, you will accept American values. If you want to come to America, you will work, provide for yourself, and integrate responsibly into dutiful citizenship. If you want to come to America, it is absolutely essential, and I and many others will stand with you. Celebrate your past culture, explain it to your new community, and, at the same time, celebrate your new one, as so many good people coming to our country do. Our Nation has generally maintained a vibrant immigration system, and it has been an important part of the character and development of our country, but chaos, disorder, and crime undermine our ability to maintain that openness. Of all of our country’s pressing priorities, one of the most should be ensuring that the criminal justice system, the judicial system, and the immigration system work in concert to swiftly remove persons who have seriously transgressed our laws. This will help keep America safe and protect the integrity of immigration policy for those who want to come here, rebuild their lives, contribute to this wonderful society, and sustain America’s generous impulse. Mr. Speaker, I think it is appropriate to leave you tonight with some comments on the future of democracy. Some of what I talked about are ideals, but they give us a chance to envision and create a more inclusive government, economy, and society. Given that the future of democracy depends on quickly moving forward in the right direction, there is a mood of both curiosity as well as urgency here. Curiosity as to how we are going to translate this moment and urgency not to waste it. Even though the election was a proxy for many open and deep philosophical divides in our country, now there is the possibility of great change. As Presidentelect Trump said on the night of his election: We must now come together, and I want to be President for all Americans. President Obama very generously and graciously extended a hand of friendship to President Trump and said: President Bush was so extraordinarily helpful to me in this transition, I will work the same in any way he wants with Presidentelect Trump. President Clinton, admitting that this was a painful loss said: It was a fair election. We need to give the new Presidentelect a chance, and we must unite. I think that set an important tone, Mr. Speaker. We take it for granted, but this demonstrated the brilliance of how our democracy provides for this peaceful transition of power. In spite of some protest, we have witnessed the ongoing resiliency of America’s governing traditions. In Congress, a great deal of ideological rigidity has been vaporized. Conversations among fellow Republicans and Democrats are yielding a sense of new horizons, which, if properly considered, will help shape a meaningful approach with the next White House. Mr. Speaker, the next hundred days are critical. It is time to create the architecture of a 21st century government, one that is innovative, one that is effective, restoring the trust and confidence of the people. Mr. Speaker, there is a great old movie starring Bette Davis called ‘‘All About Eve.’’ In that classic Hollywood moment, she looks around to her guest with that smoldering gaze and says: ‘‘Fasten your seatbelts, it’s going to be a bumpy night.’’ Mr. Speaker, real change is always bumpy. But when done with purpose and clarity, with the intention of doing good for others, we can allow ourselves to dream big again. I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING RANDY NEUGEBAUER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN), the chairman of the Space Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, it is a tremendous honor and privilege for me to stand up here to honor one of my colleagues, who is going to be retiring, Representative RANDY NEUGEBAUER , who is just finishing up his seventh term. He has been a great mentor. I am finishing up my first term in office. I want to say how much the Neugebauers mean to me and my wife, Roxanne. RANDY NEUGEBAUER and his beautiful wife, Dana, have been a tremendous addition not only to the Texas delegation up here in the United States Congress but also to the Republican spouses and Democrat spouses, who have worked so long and hard for many years to support their Member spouses. b1915 I just want to say how much I appreciate him, admire him, and wish him Godspeed. He is a great Christian man, and his wife is a great Christian woman. We appreciate so very, very much his long years of service to our country, to our Nation, to his district, as well as to his God. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) for his comments. I now yield to another colleague from Texas, ROGER WILLIAMS . Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to join my colleagues down here tonight to honor a patriot and a good friend, Congressman RANDY NEUGE BAUER . While your retirement is welldeserved, RANDY , your departure is, certainly, a loss not only to us as your friends, but to Texas and America. RANDY and I serve together on the Financial Services Committee. Before we came up to Washington, we were both in small businesses. Still are. I knew RANDY before he was a Congressman, and he is still the same guy. Congressman NEUGEBAUER is a voice of reason. He has valuable, firsthand knowledge of how the private sector works— knowledge which is needed very much in Washington today. He understands how Washington’s decisions affect Main Street America. That empathy is crucial to conducting good policy, and it is rare. We could use more lawmakers like RANDY NEUGEBAUER . Congressman NEUGEBAUER is a Texas Tech fan. I feel sorry for him, but he always thinks they will win every single game. Congressman RANDY NEUGEBAUER , I wish you and your wife, Dana, my best as you begin the next chapter of your lives. May your spare time be spent with your grandkids, fly fishing, and rooting for the Raiders. You have served your State and our Nation with honor and devotion. We will all miss you. You will be missed. I must simply say to you, RANDY , guns up. May God bless you, and may God bless America for allowing you to serve this great country. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, another good Texan, . Mr. CONAWAY. I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to brag on RANDY NEUGEBAUER . He is a friend, and he and I have a unique circumstance that we share in that we ran against each other in Texas. Larry Combest served District 19 at that point in time, and they had a special election. Randy and I ran against each other. It hasn’t happened in a long time, but right after that election, people asked me: What do you think about RANDY  NEUGEBAUER ? I said: Well, he is my friend. They said: I know, but that is what you politicians always say—the ‘‘good gentleman,’’ the ‘‘friend.’’ You never tell the truth in those circumstances. 
I said: No, no, no. With R ANDY and I, the key is our wives are friends; so, if wives can survive a campaign against each other and be friends, then it is a testament that we ran the way Republicans should run against each other. He stuck to why folks should vote for RANDY NEUGEBAUER , and I stuck with why folks should vote for me. RANDY prevailed in that election and joined Congress in June of 2003. He has served wonderfully and ably since then. RANDY has a strong moral compass and exhibits that moral compass to the House all of the time. He is one of those guys who is true north and never wavers, a rock solid Conservative and someone, I am sure, who is proud of his service to the folks in District 19. Our districts are contiguous. My northern border is his southern border; so we overlap in certain areas, and I get comments from his constituents about the great work he and his constituent service team do back home. We are going to miss him. We are going to miss him greatly—his voice. He serves on the Agriculture Committee as vice chairman and has served the agricultural communities as well as his having experience on the Armed Services Committee. I am proud to call RANDY my friend and I am proud of his service here. He and his wife, Dana, are off to the next chapter—an exciting chapter. I need to warn the rainbow trout and brown trout populations all over America that, on the days we are in office in 2017 and 2018, they need to be on the lookout for an avid fly fisherman who will be on the hunt for all of those trout. Again, I want to add my congratulations to RANDY on a job well done in service to his State and our Nation in an admirable way. He leaves office in the right way—on his own terms and very proud. I would ask for God’s blessing on him and Dana and for God’s blessing on Texas, and may God continue to bless the great United States of America. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the gentleman for those nice comments. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to another Texas colleague, a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, PETE OLSON . Mr. OLSON. I thank my friend from San Antonio. Mr. Speaker, RANDY NEUGEBAUER is many things. He is a damned proud Texan and is a Texas Tech Red Raider who always has his guns up. He is a husband to a fierce force of Texas nature—his wife, Dana. He is a father of two sons and is a grandfather of four grandkids. He is a respected Member of Congress—seven terms in this body— and he is my dear friend. In RANDY ’s time here, he has made America a better place for my family, for his family, and for every American family. As we say in our Navy to departing friends who leave the ship, who go ashore for the last time: RANDY , may you always have fair winds and following seas. Texas 19 departing. I salute you. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to host today’s Special Order in honor of my friend and colleague from Texas, Representative RANDY NEUGEBAUER . Representative NEUGEBAUER is a consistent Conservative. In fact, the National Journal named him the ‘‘most conservative Member of Congress’’ in 2011. He has also been a valuable member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, which I chair. He has been a member of that committee for over a decade. I am grateful for his work on the committee to ensure taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and efficiently. Representative NEUGEBAUER has actively pushed back against burdensome EPA regulations that limit affordable, reliable energy. He has also championed research and development efforts that benefit all forms of energy. This isn’t surprising since Representative NEUGEBAUER ’s district has oil and gas development and produces the most wind energy of any district in the country. In this Congress, Representative NEUGEBAUER ’s National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act authorized coordinated research to minimize the effects of windstorms on local communities. It will help save lives and property damage. This legislation was inspired by Representative NEUGEBAUER ’s personal experience with a tornado that devastated his hometown of Lubbock, Texas, some years ago. His bill was signed into law last year, and now Federal agencies and universities can work to better predict, prepare, and recover from dangerous storms. We thank Representative NEUGE BAUER for his service to the people of west Texas and for his many initiatives on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. His retirement is welldeserved, and we know he is going to enjoy more time with his family in west Texas. Mr. Speaker, one of the best summaries of Mr. NEUGEBAUER ’s contributions as a person, as a family member, and as a great Member of Congress is the following, and I want to make sure that everybody is aware of these contributions and his personal attributes as well. RANDY NEUGEBAUER proudly represents the 19th Congressional District, which stretches across 29 counties in west Texas and the Big Country, and he has represented that great district for 14 years. Raised in Lubbock, RANDY learned the west Texas values of family, faith, hard work, and public service. These are the values he has carried with him throughout his life as an accounting student at Texas Tech University, as a banker, as a homebuilder, and now as a Member of Congress. He serves on the Financial Services Committee, where he is chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. In this role, he has oversight responsibility for U.S. banks and the banking industry, credit unions, depository institutions and Federal deposit insurance, consumer credit, and financial regulators, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Reserve. Representative NEUGEBAUER is also the vice chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, where he played a leading role in developing the 2014 farm bill. He also serves on the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, which, I mentioned a while ago, I chair. His legislative initiatives include eliminating wasteful Federal spending; improving crop insurance; and fighting Federal overreach on energy, the environment, the economy, and personal liberties. RANDY NEUGEBAUER ’s bill to lessen government interference and encourage more private sector participation in the terrorism risk insurance market became the first law of the 114th Congress. The President also signed his bill to promote research and minimize the devastating effects caused by windstorms. Last year, as I alluded to a minute ago, the President signed into law his initiative that gives Texas Tech the opportunity to build a VA clinic on the campus to better serve west Texas’ veterans. Congressman NEUGEBAUER and his wife, Dana, who is with us this evening in the gallery back to my left, are both graduates of Texas Tech University. They have been married for 46 years and are the proud parents of two sons, two daughtersinlaw, three grandsons, and one granddaughter. Mr. Speaker, you can see that Representative NEUGEBAUER has led a very rich life, a very satisfactory life, and a life dedicated to his country and to his family. There can be no question about that. Mr. Speaker, at this point, I yield to another Texas colleague, the chairman of the Rules Committee, PETE SESSIONS . Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for allowing us—not only the Texas delegation, but other Members of Congress who would wish to come down—the opportunity to express our sincere appreciation and debt of gratitude to the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas, and to his dear and beautiful wife, Dana Neugebauer, and family who are in the House tonight. On behalf of the Texas delegation and as a Member of Congress from Dallas, Texas, I would say from the people of Dallas, Texas—Texas’ 32nd Congressional District—we have long been friends with the gentleman from the 19th District of Texas and appreciate his life and service to this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, you have just heard much of Congressman NEUGEBAUER , much of not only what might be resume information, but, really, what might be, when it plays itself out, information that is about the service 
that Congressman N EUGEBAUER has given, the leadership that he has provided not only to the committees of service, but, really, to the people of this country. Congressman NEUGEBAUER came to Congress as an exciting young man who was not only full of opportunity, but who came from a vibrant part of Texas with his ideas about freedom, about free enterprise, about opportunity, about collegiality—about the things which he placed high value on. RANDY comes from a part of Texas— and I would like to say everybody from Texas might be this way, but it is not true—where a handshake and your word make a difference. The entire time he was here, Mr. NEUGEBAUER didn’t oversell and didn’t underdeliver. He did the things that were necessary as the proper representation of not only the Texas delegation, but as a man of distinction from Lubbock, Texas—the High Plains. He brought with him the professional attributes that were very necessary within the Texas delegation to be successful. Very early on, he championed those ideas. They were ideas of bringing forth representation from a group of people in Lubbock, Texas, and north Texas who strongly believed in America, who strongly believed that America’s greatest days lie in its future. RANDY always spoke of not only the ideas that he had, but of the people he represented in terms of real admiration for those people, admiration for hard work, admiration for an honest day’s work, admiration for an honest day’s pay. b1930 So you can see, Mr. Speaker, those who have known RANDY the best watched him in his personal dealings not only with Members of our delegation, but also in committees and the hard work and the homework that he did to make sure that he did his part necessary. He rose not only in the ranks of responsibility, but also rose in the ranks of people who admired Mr. NEUGE BAUER . I am one of those people. I looked at RANDY , who had come just a couple of years behind me, as not only a champion of words and ideas, but he had the ability to express those ideas, the ability to speak to people in terms of content, of where our country would head. This was a time after 9/11 when we were faced with fear, uncertainty, and perhaps some complexity that might be available to some. It never existed to Congressman NEUGEBAUER . RANDY threw all of that out. I would say he threw out the high and the low and lived off of confidence, confidence about not only the way of life that he understood and he represented, but really about the United States military and the men and women who were from his district whom he spoke so plainly about, who we understood where they were. They were committed. Yes, we are Texans, but he really spoke of America, of America as not just this shining city on a hill, but Americans who would dedicate themselves to a principle, to ideas higher than just citizenship as a responsibility, as a necessary part of making sure that this country and where home is back in Lubbock, Texas, in the high plains, that that is what he believed was honorable. People who would go and sacrifice themselves, who would go help people in another land, who were called on because of commitment to service, these are the kind of people that RANDY  NEUGEBAUER would identify with. These are the kind of people RANDY  NEUGEBAUER would talk about. These are the kind of people who, at our Thursday Texas delegation—yes, we are a bunch of darn Texans, but we get together, and we celebrate and share not only camaraderie and commonality, but ideas about where we wanted to go. That is RANDY NEUGE BAUER . That is what R ANDY NEUGE BAUER did every single week, faithfully, dutifully, and he knew what he was doing. So I want to say to the gentleman, the young chairman of the Science Committee, thank you for being here for our dear colleague, current colleague RANDY NEUGEBAUER . One last point, a point of privilege. Look, when you come up here, you are proud of where you are from, and you want to do a good job. One of those marks is to be thought of as a real conservative. RANDY NEUGEBAUER , at least 1 year, and probably 2 or 3, was, by his voting record—this isn’t a vote. This is actual delivery of product—number one, the most conservative person in this body. I had that chance for 1 year; I tried for 2. It is hard to outguess the scorecard. RANDY NEUGEBAUER is a good guesser also because he knows where he is from—right, wrong, good, bad, up, down, more, less, proper. Mr. Speaker, tonight we honor a real hero of mine, the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas, RANDY NEUGEBAUER . And let no one forget his beautiful, young bride who, day after day, gave confidence to so many other people about who they are, what they do. I hope these 46 years turn into 146 years of marriage, Mr. Chairman. I wish RANDY  NEUGEBAUER and Dana and that entire family the very best. I thank Chairman SMITH for allowing me the chance to come down and say to my dear friend and the Neugebauer family: A job well done, Godspeed, and I hope I do well enough to get invited back to Lubbock to see you again. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the chairman for his nice remarks this evening. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). And let me say to my friend Representative GOHMERT that, we only have a total of 6 minutes left, and I do want to allow Mr. NEUGEBAUER time to speak as well. Mr. GOHMERT. I thank the gentleman. And because of all of the glowing comments about RANDY , I knew I should not share more than a couple minutes so that there is time at the end. We have heard the old saying that in Washington, D.C., if you want a friend, get a dog; but when I got here to Washington, D.C., as a Member of Congress, RANDY NEUGEBAUER was a friend, and he is a friend. He is a man of integrity. He is a man of honor. He does his best to live out the Beatitudes that Jesus talked about better than I have. He is not a man who has been afraid to ever stand up and call things the way he sees them. It is one of the many things I admire about him so much. Apostle Paul said three things about what he had accomplished. He said: I have fought the good fight. Then there was another clause, and then he said: I have finished the race. Well, RANDY  NEUGEBAUER has not finished the race. The race has still yet to go. He has not finished the course. He is just taking a new course. But I know that, as a brother in Christ and as a man of integrity, he will continue to listen to the still, small voice that has guided him and his wife through the years and has made him someone who inspires me, encourages me, and someone that I would hope to emulate. I am grateful to RANDY NEUGEBAUER for his service and for all he has done for America. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the gentleman from Texas, particularly for bringing out an aspect of RANDY  NEUGEBAUER ’s character that has not yet been mentioned tonight. And I might also add, and you know only too well, that he has been an active member of a prayer group here in the House of Representatives as well. So that spiritual aspect, that spiritual character is rightfully shown tonight. I yield to the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ), our colleague and Texas friend, whom we honor tonight. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Well, I thank the gentleman, and I thank my colleagues for those very kind words. What an honor and a privilege it has been to be able to serve with people of this integrity and this commitment to our country. You know, it was just a little over 13
1⁄2years ago that our colleague from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) introduced me on this very House floor my very first day. It was June 5, 2003. I came in a special election. I think Mr. CONAWAY mentioned that we had a race together. I was sworn in as the 236th Texan and the 9,832nd American citizen. What you realize is what an honor and a privilege it is to get to do this, and what an honor and a privilege it has been to represent the people of the 19th Congressional District. Somebody asked me one day: Do I ever think about, when I am on the House floor, the men and women who have served here in the past? 
I said: No, I really don’t think about the men and women who have served in the past because their history has been written. The people that I think about are the men and women whom I serve with every day because we are writing our history, and the things that we do and the things that we say on this floor have a huge impact not only on our constituents, but on our country and on the world. So I want to thank my wife, Dana, and my family for helping me do this job on behalf of the people of the 19th District. Without Dana’s support, I couldn’t have done this. My two sons and their wives have been an integral part of this, and even my grandkids were out campaigning when we were running for Congress. I also want to thank those men and women who have come through our congressional office, both here in D.C. and back in the district, who have worked so hard on behalf of our constituents, making sure that that veteran gets his check or making sure that that Social Security check that was lost was found, helping people get their loved ones back from a foreign country because of visa problems. All of those kinds of things are important. So I want to thank the staff who have been so much a part of that, and I want to thank the people of the 19th District and my family, but I also want to thank my fellow colleagues whom I have served with. Everybody here that I have come in contact with loves America. Now, what we do have is a difference of opinion from time to time on what it takes to make sure that America has the bright future that we all want it to have, and that is a healthy process. I am excited for our Presidentelect and these new Members of Congress who will be sworn in in just a few weeks because they have a big task ahead of them. So as many of my constituents have prayed for me and this Congress in the past, Dana and I will be praying for them as they take our country forward. Thank you again, and God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Representative NEUGEBAUER for his service to Texas and to our country. We wish him the best in his welldeserved retirement. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor my fellow Texas colleague and friend RANDY NEUGEBAUER . RANDY has been serving the constituents of the 19th Congressional District of Texas since 2003. Prior to coming to Congress, he served on the Lubbock City Council and as Mayor Pro Tempore. He also worked in the private sector as a banker and a homebuilder. In Congress, RANDY has worked hard to eliminate wasteful federal spending, curb federal overreach and create better agriculture policies. He has served on the Financial Services Committee, the Agriculture Committee, and the Science, Space and Technology Committee. He has also served as a Chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, and as ViceChairman of the Agriculture Committee. RANDY and I are similar in many ways. Growing up in Texas, we were both instilled with strong values of family, faith, hard work, and public service. We both went on to marry our high school sweethearts. We each have two sons and have been blessed with multiple grandchildren. And we both take pride in representing our respective universities where we are alumnus in Congress. Even though Texas Tech and Texas A&M have a strong rivalry, we have worked together for the good of all Texans. RANDY will be missed in the halls of Congress. He took pride in serving the constituents of all 29 counties in West Texas that make up the 19th Congressional District. I commend him for his many years of public service to Texas and for our nation. It truly has been an honor to serve and work alongside RANDY . I wish him the best of luck on his retirement and want to thank him for friendship and guidance. As I close, I ask everyone to continue praying for our country and for our military and first responder g who selflessly serve and sacrifice to protect us. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members that it is not in order to refer to occupants of the gallery. 
REFLECTIONS OF A FRESHMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 30 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) for his service and that of his spouse and family, for they made my welcome to Congress so agreeable and so appropriate, and I have enjoyed my service with Mr. NEUGEBAUER on the House Financial Services Committee. You know, when I am home, one of the most frequent questions I get is to describe the major changes that I have seen in Washington since my previous work on Capitol Hill and in the executive branch. And yes, now it has been more than 24 years since I served in the administration of George H. W. Bush from 1989–1993, 24 years and three two term Presidents—two Democrats, one Republican. Anyone familiar with life inside the beltway would certainly see that the city’s traffic has become unbearable, and the number of places to eat has really been improved in those 24 years. But tonight I don’t want to talk about the enrichment of life along The National Mall with new monuments to FDR and MLK and new visionary sites, such as the Native American Museum and now our African American Museum. Instead, it is not urbanization or nightlife that has happened that I noticed, that I talk about when I see my constituents, but it is really the changes I see in public policy as I wander back like Rip Van Winkle 20 years later to our Nation’s Capital. The politics and productivity of the city are more stymied and less successful than in my experience in the executive branch, led by George H. W. Bush, or even in my service as a legislative aide on the Senate Banking Committee staff back during the days of the first term of President Reagan. Tonight I would like to outline my thoughts on those biggest differences I have seen in our Federal Government. These include the size and complexity and the unmanageable nature of the administrative state, the growth and unreformed nature of our mandatory spending programs, the failure of the Congress to meet its most fundamental constitutional responsibilities, that is, the oversight of the executive and the timely and thoughtful appropriations governed by the Appropriations Clause of our Constitution. b1945 At the end of this ‘‘Rip Van Winkle’’ overview, I will offer suggestions as to possible solutions to these challenges that we face in Washington. While I am a realist, I understand consensus is difficult in this city, and, while sensitive, my remarks tonight will appeal, in my view, to both Democrats and Republicans about how do we have an effective Federal Government, one that honors our constitutional limitations, the best intentions of our Founders, and demonstrates to the American people that their legislative and executive branches can work together for the longterm common good and the general welfare of this Nation. Thomas Jefferson, author of the Declaration of Independence, does a splendid job in enumerating the significant grievances that the American colonists had against King George III. Among them, my favorite of the ‘‘Facts . . . submitted to a candid world ″: ‘‘He,’’ the king, ‘‘has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of officers to harass our people, and eat out their substance.’’ When I am visiting with our fellow citizens in the seven counties of the Second Congressional District of Arkansas, our doctors and hospital administrators, people who own small businesses, community bankers, high school and elementary schoolteachers, university administrators, highway contractors, smalltown mayors, inevitably the size, scope, and complexity of the paperwork, micromanagement, and intrusion of the administrative state dominates that conversation. While other policy proposals from the tax and policy ideas to funding the need for our needed Federal programs, inevitably every conversation ultimately returns to how management and employees believe they are no longer focused on their missions to increase sales, produce profits, grow their business, educate kids, operate on patients, make loans to entrepreneurs and successful businesses, and help expand the American Dream. 
Instead, they are stuck in a world of threering binders, CYA activities, and a morass of paperwork and documentation—all possibly wellintentioned, but the bottom line is they take people away from their core mission and core values, drive up costs, reduce availability of credit to consumers, drive up prices for consumers, and, in many ways, cause Americans to be cynical about their government. In a 2015 article on New York City’s broken bureaucracy, Phil Howard decried the redtape jungle that doubles costs and postpones critical infrastructure projects in one of the greatest cities in the world. This is a fundamental issue today because Presidentelect Trump says we need to invest more in infrastructure. Look at the dollar per mile of road paved when you look at the costs added by the bureaucracy. In 1931, the construction of The Empire State Building was completed in 410 days, 12 days ahead of schedule. Today, just raising the roadway of the Bayonne Bridge in New York, besides absurd requirements to survey historic buildings within a 2mile radius of an existing bridge that touched no buildings, it required 47 permits from 19 different agencies and a 5,000page Federal environmental assessment and a city environmental review before a permit could even be issued. After 5 years, the project was sued for inadequate environmental review. Now the $1.3 billion project is not expected to be completed until 2017. We are talking about years, decades to raise the deck on the bridge that will increase traffic to New York Harbor that in no way endangers the environment or any other aspect. Peggy Noonan has said that Washington is turning America into the paperwork nation at odds with the American character of inventors, builders, innovators, and pioneers. I have a message for our President elect. When you are involved in partnering with us in draining the swamp, it is a worthy goal, how about draining America’s inbox and just leave our American people alone to innovate, employ people, and help grow this economy. This is why the Founders struggled so mightily over the proper role of the Federal versus State prerogatives in designing our Constitution. It is the core of why they settled upon the enumerated powers in our Constitution and left those other powers not so designated to the Federal Government to our States or entrusted to the people. Over recent years, the administrative state has eroded that trust the people have to make their own good choices. It is critical that we restore this trust and allow our local and State governments to tackle social and economic challenges with our people close to the problems and create a commonsense approach. So your old friend, Rip Van Winkle, here tonight has returned to the banks of the Potomac to see a great leviathan draped across the landscape. Called the administrative state, this beast now reigns supreme, uncaring, tone deaf, and its tentacles dedicated to onesize fitsall edicts, and, in many ways, unresponsive even to the will of the people’s representatives in the United States House and Senate. Phil Howard, who I referenced a few minutes ago, wrote two great books that I encourage everyone in our country to read: ‘‘The Death of Common Sense’’ and ‘‘The Rule of Nobody,’’ which succinctly outline the failures of this system that has been built up, calcified over the years, with no one in the system really responsible for asking: What is the right thing to do? Ultimately, then, no one is responsible for these failures of the administrative state. Instead, administrative officials have come to Capitol Hill and rarely offer testimony of value that adds to the debate, that informs the decisionmaking. A typical example can be seen in the 6 years of review and critique of the postrecession banking measure called the DoddFrank Act. Former Committee on Financial Services chair here in the House, Barney Frank, and author of this bill, principal architect, said that many things in this final act weren’t right and required modifications, but a standard response from the Obama administration’s financial officials at the Comptroller of the Currency, the FDIC, or the Federal Reserve, or even the SEC, our securities commission, can be paraphrased simply as: Congress passed the law, we are implementing the law, period, full stop. That is not the right answer nor is it the right question. Standing for orthodoxy instead of what will benefit the American people, that should be their obligation, to help Congress design policies that help the American Dream flourish. Jefferson, envisioning our nation divided into States, counties, and townships, said: ‘‘It is not by the consolidation, or concentration of powers, but by their distribution, that good . . . is effected.’’ Abraham Lincoln reminded our citizens that ‘‘the legitimate object of government is to do for a community of people whatever they need to have done, but cannot do at all . . . ‘’ I place emphasis on the nature of ‘‘community of people’’ whereby we buy into this longstanding philosophical position of subsidiarity, whereby solutions to problems or challenges are best decided and left to the community and that, if necessary, the government closest to the people band together with families and local associations to take action, not punt every decision to the Federal Government. At one time, such dedication to self reliance and common sense were lauded as virtues, essential to the character of our Nation and of our people. Edmund Burke referred to the ‘‘middling’’ associations for doing good in England, and Alex de Tocqueville spoke reverently of Americans’ insatiable ability to problem solve through the formation of associations of all kinds, that Americans were always finding themselves producing an association to build inns, to raise churches, to distribute books, to send missionaries out, to help create hospitals, prisons, and schools, all local communities coming together to do these things for themselves. In my first 2 years in Congress, I have witnessed firsthand the overwhelming size of the administrative state when compared to my earlier service on Capitol Hill and in President Bush 41’s White House. First let’s consider the sheer volume of rules that have been issued, estimated to cost our economy $100 million or more in net cost. Just under President Obama, we have witnessed over 600 rulemakings that exceed $100 million in threshold. Some, like the Clean Power Plan, many, many times that amount. In fact, the Office of Management and Budget, as of November 15, just a few days ago, noted there were 98 more midnight rules of the Obama administration; 17 of those hitting the $100 million mark of cost to our economy. The conservative American Action Forum has estimated that President Obama has imposed 40 percent more major rules than his predecessor and that the overall cost of the Obama administration’s regulations on the American people stands at $813 billion. Likewise, consider the longer term. This chart illustrates the scope of these rulemakings as well as the long term trend in publication of new rulemakings in the Federal Register, where all the government’s actions are published for public dissemination and review. But still more than the sheer number and cost of these rulemakings is how intrusive they have become in daily lives or duplicative they are of another rule that was never repealed. That is why I found very appealing Presidentelect Trump said let’s repeal rules before we make new ones. I wrote him recently, suggesting that he form a regulatory reform task force, like President Reagan did, and put Vice President Pence in charge of it to work with OMB and peel back this layer of duplicative costly regulation. These costs hurt consumers, and they hurt job creation. A mortgage application, a fundamental part of our American experience across this Nation for a firsttime home buyer used to be about 100 pages. Now it is about 500 pages. I would argue the consumer is not materially better informed or better off with these additional pages. Instead, we have just added duplicative paperwork because it looks better. But on reflection, is that consumer better off? Is our Nation better off for that cost? Shouldn’t these kinds of things use common sense? In 1994, I served on The Heritage Foundation’s Advisory Council on Regulatory Reform. Twenty years ago, your old Rip Van Winkle friend here 
argued that the cost in 1994 of the Federal regulatory system was nearly $1.6 trillion annually. I compared it, then, to the personal income tax, what it raised, what we all contribute of about $1.2 trillion in 1994 dollars. The everyday government involvement in hardworking Americans’ lives has only grown over those past two decades, and the Competitive Enterprise Institute’s acrosstheboard cost estimate now for Federal regulations, including the impact of the Obama administration is nearly at $1.9 trillion per year, exceeding the cost of the individual income tax system and corporate tax revenues and quickly approaching—are you seated?—quickly approaching the entire amount of corporate pretax profits. The regulatory regime of the Federal Government is not just vast and costly, it is unnecessarily intrusive. In Arkansas, we have seen agency regulations have devastating effects on our farmers, our small businesses, nonprofits, schools, colleges, universities, and State agencies. No one is immune from the leviathan’s overreach. Also in recent years, one has noted the expansion of the executive branch authority by increasing staff at the White House that is not subject to the confirmation of the United States Senate. While President Reagan had appointed one czar to work on drugs in the White House, President Obama has appointed 44 czars, with 35 of those not requiring confirmation by the United States Senate. By using executive orders or executive memoranda to carry out policies that exceed existing statutory authority and properly belong to the first branch of government, the legislative branch, here, President Obama has hit new heights in what historian Arthur Schlesinger termed ‘‘the imperial Presidency.’’ b2000 It is critical to note that it is not the numbers of executive orders that are meaningful as to the directives themselves and how farreaching they are visavis that proper statutory authority. For example, if one utilizes data from the American Presidency Project and compares Reagan, Clinton, and Bush 43 with President Obama—all twoterm Presidents—one finds President Reagan issued 381 executive orders; President Clinton, 364 executive orders; President Bush 43, 291; and President Obama at an apparently in line 260. But that is not the end of the story. President Obama has utilized a new measure that dodges publicity, transparency, and these statistics of the American Presidency Project: the Presidential memorandum. By the end of 2015, this most imperial of Presidents had issued 219 memoranda—these are just the ones that have been published in the Federal Register—and the White House memoranda tally at the end of 2015 was 476, for a total of more than 600 executive orders and Presidential directives. It can certainly be argued that Obama’s executive action has far exceeded the scope and breadth of previous administrations. Even The Washington Post editorial board noted that the President’s executive action on immigration in 2014 had no precedent and flew in the face of congressional intent. Indeed. The Federal courts, too, have recognized the excess of this administration with their blocking of the President’s 2014 executive order on immigration, nationwide injunctions on the Department of Labor’s overtime rule, injunctions on the EPA’s waters of the United States rule, and finally, the current legal battle over the Clean Power Plan. So, while I have certainly seen, in my two decades of being out of the Potomac arena, a growing trend in the administrative state by way of executive actions that skirt the Administrative Procedure Act and public comment, this administration has also aggressively attempted to avoid publicly vetted rulemaking by something even, in my judgment, more nefarious to our constitutional freedoms, and that is creating regulation by enforcement action. In my first 2 years in Congress, this has happened at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice and clearly skirts the statutory traditions of the United States and the role of the Administrative Procedure Act. One of the economically chilling issues related to this contains the use of settlement trust funds, whereby the Department of Justice or other agencies of government choose to settle Federal civil actions against companies or individuals through a settlement procedure, as opposed to going to trial, and then assess a major monetary penalty which, instead of being paid to the victims, is paid to politically favored interest groups. These activists, in turn, bring more lawsuits to feather their own nests. And if this isn’t crony coercion, with its pernicious effect on the economy and a chilling effect on all innovation and economic growth, I don’t know what is. It is certainly not in keeping with 70, 80 years of tradition under the Administrative Procedure Act. My former colleague and White House counsel to President Bush 41, Ambassador C. Boyden Gray, stated in his testimony, before the House Financial Services Committee, about the dangers of an executive with access to the Treasury. That is clearly what these slush funds are. The need to ensure separation of powers and power of the purse are firmly in the hands of Congress, not the executive. Mr. Gray stated: ‘‘Every other constitutional power runs into the appropriations power,’’ and that throughout our history, ‘‘presidents have ‘consistently endeavored to seize the appropriations powers from Congress.’’’ This is where you get into the intention that our Founders anticipated. Federalist 51: when one branch of government gets too big for their breeches, it needs to be countered by another branch of government. This overreach by the executive needs to be responded to by the first branch, the legislative branch, and make sure that we, in fact, consistently authorize our appropriations responsibly. To close this discussion of the administrative state, let’s consider a primary example of growth of the state where Congress does not have an opportunity to safeguard its legislative and appropriation and oversight responsibility. People’s exhibit A is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. In the DoddFrank Act, I mentioned a few minutes ago, in my view, the Congress mistakenly created a funding source for the CFPB not subject to the appropriations that are actually set aside. Instead, it is a fixed amount of income out of the Federal Reserve system hidden away from Congress’ oversight that normally would be paid directly to the Treasury. Instead, it is diverted to the CFPB, and it gives an agency independence like you can’t see anywhere else. It is a violation, in my view, of our appropriations responsibility. The Director can’t be fired, so it is a violation of our oversight responsibility. I was pleased, this October, that the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia unanimously ruled in the PHH mortgage case that the CFPB’s sole Director position possesses unchecked ‘‘unilateral power’’ and calls the Director ‘‘the single most powerful official in the entire United States Government.’’ I am sorry, what? The single most powerful official in the United States Government. Gosh, I thought that was the President, the Speaker of the House. No, no, no. It is a guy at the CFPB. In fact, they acted in an unconstitutional manner. So I am with the District of Columbia court, and I have no doubt that the pending case, State National Bank of Big Spring, Texas, challenging the CFPB’s unconstitutionality will be noted as well. So, Mr. Speaker, these are some of my observations about the growth of the administrative state. I have no doubt that, when I come back to this floor, I will continue this discussion and offer solutions about what we need to do in Congress, in the legislative branch, and in the executive branch to make sure that we are upholding our obligation to our voters, our citizens, the people who have elected us, who have sent us here to represent their interests—hardworking people like RANDY NEUGEBAUER that we lauded a few minutes ago for his extraordinary service to the 19th District of Texas. Our administrative state is unmanageable, and it deserves to be reined in. As a freshman, soontobe sophomore, a secondterm Member of this body, I am going to fight for those 
changes that return the power to the people’s House and the people’s Senate as it relates to oversight of the executive and the appropriations method. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. S. 2234. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. S. 2577. An act to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide postconviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 7, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 944. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5143) to provide greater transparency and congressional oversight of international insurance standards setting processes, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from December 9, 2016, through January 3, 2017; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–846). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H.R. 6439. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make technical corrections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOWDY (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 6440. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for new procedures regarding the payment of restitution by defendants convicted of child pornography offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 6441. A bill to provide for the regulation of video visitation services by the Federal Communications Commission generally, to establish criteria for the provision of video visitation services by the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 6442. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. DESAULNIER ): H.R. 6443. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to impose an excise tax on opioid manufacturers, to make the funds collected through such tax available for opioid (including heroin) abuse prevention and treatment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6444. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require the Secretary of Education to annually adjust Federal Perkins loan amounts for inflation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 6445. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish, in the event of any war, a war tax to be collected and deposited in a trust fund for the payment of benefits and compensation to veterans of that war; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P AYNE , and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 6446. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide private education loan forgiveness for certain borrowers, to require disclosures related to private education loan default rates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.J. Res. 106. A joint resolution approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces that served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 945. A resolution providing for the printing of a revised edition of the Rules and Manual of the House of Representatives for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. KILDEE ): H. Res. 946. A resolution celebrating the history of the Detroit River with the 15year commemoration of the International Underground Railroad Memorial Monument, comprised of the Gateway to Freedom Monument in Detroit, Michigan and the Tower of Freedom Monument in Windsor, Ontario, Canada; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICHMOND: H. Res. 947. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Sunday in October as Clergy Spouse Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 6439. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GOWDY: H.R. 6440. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The bill derives its authority from Congress’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 9 authority to ‘‘constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court.’’ This authority includes the rules and procedures used by inferior federal courts. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 6441. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section I of the Constitution of the United States of America: ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress, of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 6442. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 6443. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6444. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 6445. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof’’. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6446. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.J. Res. 106. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United States Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 213: Ms. DELAURO and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 572: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 577: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 746: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1095: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 1098: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1197: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 1312: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1356: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1603: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2082: Mr. REED. H.R. 2103: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2450: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2461: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 2920: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3268: Mr. MEEKS and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 3355: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3520: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3558: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3640: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3660: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3892: Mr. MCCAULand Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4074: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4223: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4298: Mr. BOST and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 4313: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4513: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4932: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5177: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 5299: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. BOST. H.R. 5361: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 5454: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5474: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5619: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 5867: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5904: Mr. DAVIDSON and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 5961: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5974: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5994: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5999: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 6025: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 6117: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 6159: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 6196: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 6234: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6278: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 6298: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 6336: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 6340: Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. LOEBSACK , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 6421: Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 6423: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. LYNCH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6426: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 6428: Mr. BEYER and Mr. C ARSON of In diana. H.R. 6431: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. KILMER , Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.J. Res. 100: Mr. STEWART and Mr. L ABRADOR . H.J. Res. 102: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. POCAN . H.J. Res. 104: Mr. COOPER . H. Con. Res. 171: Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. SPEIER . H. Con. Res. 175: Mr. ADERHOLT . H. Res. 28: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Res. 848: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. W ALZ. H. Res. 861: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R USH. H. Res. 942: Mr. BURGESS and Mr. A LLEN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6717 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2016 No. 175 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 