Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the ongoing crisis in my hometown of Flint, Michigan, is a real tragedy. This failure of government has affected 100,000 people—adults and children—who, after months and months, still do not have clean drinking water. It is my view that the State of Michigan bears the principal responsibility for this crisis and should step up and do more. It was the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality that failed to a great extent. I know there are Members who share my view that there is responsibility at every level of government. We could argue about how we apportion that responsibility, but in the meantime, people in Flint still can’t drink the water, and they need help. They deserve help from the State and from the Federal Government. They are citizens of Michigan, but also citizens of the United States, who are facing a disaster, a crisis, and have every right to expect that their government will step in to help them, especially when it is clear that it was the government that made the decisions that led to this crisis. So I ask that we not recess until we take up legislation to provide direct help to the city of Flint. It is something that I think is our moral responsibility. It is unconscionable that we would leave this body without acting. 
LITTLE SISTERS OF THE POOR V. BURWELL (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today the High Court is considering the Little Sisters of the Poor v. Burwell, a most important case regarding religious liberty and the First Amendment. The Little Sisters of the Poor is a religious institution dedicated to assisting the elderly poor, but an unfair and unjust dilemma has been forced upon them. They must choose whether to violate their religious beliefs by complying with the HHS mandate or pay massive fines. The government cannot compel people to violate their conscience and their religious faith. But today we are watching the government force people to choose between their faith or a government decree. To place citizens of this country in this inescapable position is not only reprehensible, but also a direct violation of the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I pray that the Court be granted the wisdom and discernment necessary to resolve this case in support of religious liberty and conscience rights. People must not be forced by the government to violate their faith. LATIN EXPRESS BAND 40TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a legend since 1976 on the DallasFort Worth music scene. The Latin Express Band is celebrating its 40th anniversary. The Latin Express Band, founded by Carlos and Leo Saenz, comes a long way from their humble roots of playing high school dances. Over the past 40 years, they have played in music venues throughout the DallasForth Worth metroplex and the country. In 2001, they were one of the music groups invited to perform at the Presidential Inaugural Ball. They were recently inducted into the Tejano R.O.O.T.S. Hall of Fame in 2008. Along with their musical accolades, the Latin Express Band has inspired future generations of local musicians through their support of music education for children, youth, and adults. On March 31st, the Saenz brothers will perform at Forth Worth’s historic Casa Manana Theatre in honor of Cesar Chavez’ birthday. Carlos and Leo have come a long way from their days playing at Sadie Hawkins dances back in the day, and I am honored to recognize their achievements. Congratulations to the Latin Express Band. f 
SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. GIBBS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court earlier this week regarding the Second Amendment. By overturning the decision by the Massachusetts Supreme Court, the Court has reaffirmed not only that Americans have the right to selfdefense, but also that stun guns are covered under the Second Amendment. The case began when a woman named Jaime Caetano was continually threatened by an abusive exboyfriend who, at one point, put her in the hospital. At the urging of a friend, she began carrying a stun gun for protection. After an incident that a restraining order against her exboyfriend failed to prevent, the threat of a nonlethal device prevented any harm of Ms. Caetano. Yet, Massachusetts had previously outlawed the ownership of stun guns, and she was arrested. Massachusetts’ highest court sided against the Supreme Court’s Heller decision, which set clear standards for the Second Amendment. The Supreme Court Justices clearly saw the foolishness in the State court’s decision and reversed it this week, reasserting that the right to bear arms ‘‘extends to all instruments that constitute bearable arms, even those that were not in existence’’ when our Nation was founded. This is a reminder that the rights of all Americans must be defended vigilantly by every generation. I commend the Supreme Court for its decision and Justice Alito for his concurring opinion that gives individuals in all States a necessary nonlethal option for protection against violence. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF CONXITA MARTORELL CARRION (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a great woman of Puerto Rico, Conxita Martorell Carrion. Along with my wife Soraida and my family, we are deeply saddened by her loss. Conxita was raised in Barcelona, but truly adopted Puerto Rico as her homeland. She loved Puerto Rico and Puerto Ricans like few people I have ever met. From the beaches to the narrow streets of Old San Juan, the island was deeply loved by Conxita. Conxita and Richard raised a beautiful family, but what I remember most about her is her passion and compassion for her adopted island home, and especially how she donated her time and love to shelter abused and battered girls. She is in the thoughts and prayers of all Puerto Ricans. And now, just a line or two in Spanish. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) Mr. Speaker, my wife and our daughters will deeply miss the great generosity and welcoming spirit Conxita Carrio´n shared with our family. Here in the House I wanted to offer my humble thanks and my sincerest condolences to her husband Richard and their family. Sr. Presidente, mi esposa y nuestras hijas profundamente extran˜ara´n la gran generosidad y el espı´ritu acogedor que Conxita Carrio´n compartio´con nuestra familia. Aquı´, en la ca´mara quisiera ofrecer mi humilde agradecimiento y mis ma ´s sinceras condolencias a su marido Richard y a su familia. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois will provide the Clerk a translation for the RECORD . 
HONORING MARY SMITH (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, as I travel throughout Michigan’s Seventh District, I have had the privilege of getting to know some incredible women who have made a lasting mark on our communities. Mary Smith from Coldwater is one of them. If you live in Branch County, you know Mary. She is family. Over the last 40 years, Mary has spent countless hours volunteering at 
the Community Health Center of Branch County. She also helped lead the effort to restore the beautiful Tibbits Opera House, and is a passionate advocate for this iconic theater. At 97, she rode to the Tibbits on the back of my Harley. Mary will turn 101 in June, and I continue to be inspired by her lifelong service to the community. This Women’s History Month—and every month—we say thank you to women like Mary Smith, who have made invaluable contributions to Michigan, this country, and made our State a better place to live. 
HONORING BEVERLEY YACHNIN (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge an outstanding pharmacist in my district, Beverley Yachnin. A resident of Rochester Hills, Beverley has recently been named the 2016 Pharmacist of the Year by the Michigan Society of Community Pharmacists. This is a huge honor, and Beverley is actually the first pharmacist from my district to be awarded this prestigious distinction. This is not, however, Beverley’s first time being recognized for her work as a pharmacist. She was previously honored by the American Pharmacy Association with a One to One Patient Counseling Recognition Award in 2012, and two honorable mentions for the same award in 2008 and 2010. Pharmacists play an important role in all of our lives. Our community is greatly enriched by Beverley’s dedication to customer service and patient safety. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have such an outstanding pharmacist working and living in my district. Thank you, Beverley Yachnin, for your commitment to the people you serve and our entire Rochester community. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution, condemning the terrorist attacks in Brussels carried out by Islamist extremists yesterday. ISIS terrorists have once again struck in Europe, and this time in Belgium. The murderers coldly chose crowded areas at the Brussels Airport and at the metro system in order to kill and maim as many innocent men, women, and children as possible. And the latest numbers are 31 dead and 270 wounded, including a number of Americans. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attacks, the latest in a series that includes an horrific attack in Brussels, the attack in Paris, a double suicide bombing in Beirut, Lebanon, and the boast of responsibility for downing a Russian passenger jet in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula. The list of atrocities is far 
longer, including those by ISIS affiliates elsewhere, such as the recent attack in Ivory Coast. As these and other assaults show, ISIS is rapidly expanding its reach beyond its bases in Syria and in Iraq. Over 30,000 fighters from more than 100 countries have joined ISIS, including more than 250 Americans. We had a young Yazidi girl tell us that she was taken as a concubine by one of these Americans who had been recruited 4 years ago on the Internet by ISIS. More than 4,500 of this terrorist diaspora hold Western passports and are but a plane ride away, a plane ride away from the United States and from Europe. This resolution puts the House on record as condemning the attacks in Brussels and extends our sympathies to those affected by this tragedy, and it reaffirms our support for the people of Belgium in their time of national anguish. But we must do more than just express our sorrow. We must take decisive action to eliminate the threat, including expanding informationsharing with our friends and allies, putting stronger border checks in place, combating the online propaganda and hate speech of ISIS extremists, and sharpening coalition efforts to destroy ISIS itself. I will remind the Members that our committee, the Foreign Affairs Committee, has held a series of hearings on this. When ISIS came out of Raqqa in the first place and headed towards the border and headed towards Fallujah, that was the time to hit this socalled JV team. This group of guys in pickup trucks, as the President called them at the time, were an open target on the open desert as they headed to Fallujah and, after that, as they headed to city after city after city without us using our airpower to hit them early on. They finally took Mosul and, with it, they took the Central Bank of Iraq. At this point, they have to be destroyed, and it is going to take a strategic plan to make certain the United States leads in that effort. We need to get it done. Mr. KEATING. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 658, a resolution condemning yesterday’s tragic attack in Brussels, Belgium. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague from Texas, Judge TEDPOE, chairman of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee, on which I serve as the ranking member, in expressing my deepest condolences to the victims, families, and loved ones of those affected by yesterday’s brutal attacks. The resolution before us today strongly condemns the terrorist attacks perpetrated in Brussels yesterday and expresses the sympathy of the House of Representatives for the people of Belgium. With the strength of the U.S. intelligence community, we pledge our support for the Belgian Government in its efforts to investigate and to bring to justice all those involved with the planning and execution of these deadly plans. Belgium remains one of our strongest allies, a nation with which we have worked closely in bilateral and multilateral arenas. Belgium was on our side as an active participant in the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, as a leader in the European Union mission in Mali, and as an ally in the 2010–2011 NATO operations in Libya. As host of the European Union and NATO headquarters, Belgium—Brussels, in particular—represents both a symbolic and a concrete role in promoting transatlantic cooperation between our two countries and our allies. It is not by accident that the Maelbeek metro station and the Brussels Airport were selected as the site for such heinous violence. Nearby, a mere stone’s throw from the Maelbeek station, sits the headquarters of the European Union and numerous government offices, including the U.S. Embassy, which is less than a mile away. Daily, hundreds, if not thousands of civil servants and public interest sector workers cross through the station on the way back and forth to work. And at Brussels Airport, dozens of innocent travelers and family members were drawn into a bloodshed that has spread from Iraq and Syria to the surrounding region and beyond. I visited both while in Europe last year on a security codel, and I saw, firsthand, the strong police presence providing a sense of security for Brussels residents and visitors. Due to the bravery, courage, and preparedness of Belgian law enforcement authorities and emergency response teams, many families were spared the pain of losing a loved one. And we honor, today, their quick action and their bravery. These terrorist attacks are misguided attempts to divide the global coalition that has come together to degrade and defeat ISIS and their affiliates. From Ankara, to Istanbul, to Beirut, to Baga, we recognize that the prominent sentiment across the Middle East identifies ISIS rhetoric and actions as contrary to the tolerance and teachings of Islam. While this remains an open investigation, the nature of yesterday’s attacks hit close to home. Whether it is New York City, San Bernardino, or whether it is Boston—where I saw, firsthand, the resilience in spirit come forward that any physical attack can never conquer—we see that same spirit and resolve in the people of Brussels and Belgium today. The flow of foreign fighters, the traveling that they do, and the extenuating threat that they pose have been our top securityrelated concerns here in Congress. Congress and the administration have taken actions to address these issues and prevent the risk of such an attack here at home. We have tightened security restrictions for travelers from visa waiver countries who are known to have traveled to Iraq and Syria. We have sealed intelligence sharing gaps between Federal, State, and local law enforcement, as well as our international partners in the intelligence community. And we are in the process of an unprecedented toptobottom review of airport security threats that will ensure our airports are safer than ever. The international community, including governments and prominent organizations throughout the Middle East and Muslimmajority nations, have spoken out against these heinous attacks. With passage of this resolution, the U.S. Congress joins these communities around the world in its condemnation of the terrorist attacks yesterday in Brussels. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) for his comments, for his support of this legislation, and also for the privilege to work with him on our Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee, where we have had numerous hearings on the issue of ISIS and other terrorist groups that are lurking throughout the United States and the world. Mr. Speaker, the attacks began shortly before 8 a.m., with an explosion at a departure terminal at the Brussels Airport. The area was between two American airlines—American Airlines and Delta Air Lines—American companies. It was believed to be a luggage bomb, followed by another bomb shortly thereafter. Then, at 9:11 a.m., Brussels time, a bomb tore through the last car of a subway train as it was pulling out of a station in central Brussels. Belgian officials have said that the bombings killed at least 10 at the airport and at least 20 at the subway station. More than 230 others were wounded. Details are still surfacing, but we now know that at least 10 Americans were wounded in the attacks. One of those was a member of the United States Air Force. Later in the afternoon, a news agency affiliated with ISIS issued a report bragging and claiming responsibility for the murders. Reports said that the attacks were in retaliation for Belgium’s participation in a coalition against ISIS. Mr. Speaker, ISIS, this group that is relatively new in the terrorist industry, has already committed 70 terrorist attacks worldwide in 20 countries, as of January 1 of this year, and yet this is one more. These attacks in Belgium occurred just 4 days after the capture of one of Europe’s most wanted terrorists, 
Salah Abdeslam, the sole survivor of the 10 men who carried out the November horrific attacks in Paris that killed 130 people. The attacks in Belgium made it clear to all that ISIS still maintains operational networks in Europe, capable of carrying out attacks abroad, even as security services are on highest alert. The bombing in downtown Brussels occurred just steps away from major institutions, as the ranking member, Mr. KEATING , has pointed out. Brussels is the capital of Belgium. It is the headquarters of the European Union. It is the headquarters of NATO. This bombing attack occurred near the U.S. Embassy that is there. This area, Brussels, Belgium, stands and represents, really, the free world’s endeavor to work together under democracy and liberty and those ideals that we value. It was no accident that Brussels was picked for the attack. The fact that ISIS could operate cells in Europe and manage to strike at the heart of European society only a few months after the Paris attacks should make us cognizant that our current strategy against ISIS is really not successful. ISIS has been able to hold on to territory for close to 2 years. It is from this territory in Iraq and Syria that it trains its fighters, recruits foreigners, and plans to launch attacks against not only Europe, but other countries, like the United States. Words claiming progress and success against ISIS are meaningless when confronted with devastating carnage like what we saw in the United States, in San Bernardino, and what occurred in Paris and now in Brussels. The United States must change its strategy against ISIS. We must allow ISIS no safe haven anywhere in the world. We must take away their capabilities to strike American cities. This resolution shows that the people of the United States stand alongside our European and Belgian allies in solidarity. The American people extend their deepest sympathies to those affected by the tragedy. Let the people of Belgium know that the United States will support them through this time in every way possible, and we must be more united in the face of this terrorist onslaught that threatens the very freedoms that we hold dear. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), my colleague and fellow New Englander. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank both the gentleman from Massachusetts and the gentleman from Texas for their extraordinary leadership on this important resolution. Yesterday, the world saw the face of evil in a series of cowardly and despicable terrorist acts that claimed the lives of 34 innocent people in Brussels. I, too, extend my thoughts and prayers to all of the families affected by this horrific violence. At the same time, Mr. Speaker, here in Congress, we must renew our commitment to keep Americans safe from terrorism, continue to support our intelligence services and law enforcement agencies in their critical work, and do all that is necessary to defeat and destroy these terrorists wherever they are. b0930 Today the United States and the entire world are standing shoulder to shoulder with the people of Belgium. The ISIS terrorists who perpetrated these attacks did so in an attempt to strike fear into the heart of anyone who does not share their radical world views. We have seen these same tactics tried before in our own country: in San Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon, the Pentagon, the World Trade Center, and in a field in Pennsylvania. But for each time they have tried, terrorists have failed to shake the resolve of those they have targeted, and we will not allow them to succeed this time. The motto of the country of Belgium is ‘‘eendracht maakt macht,’’ ‘‘unity makes strength.’’ Let there be no doubt. We stand today united and strong with the people of Belgium. We will do whatever it takes, no matter how long it takes, to help Brussels rebuild and to bring all those responsible to justice. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member of the full committee. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts and the gentleman from Texas. I am pleased to join with them on this matter. I am pleased to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, with this resolution, we are sending a clear message that we stand with the people of Belgium. Like my colleagues and like so many around the world, I am angry, I am outraged, and I am deeply, deeply saddened by the terrorist attacks that ripped through Brussels yesterday. My heart goes out to those whose loved ones were killed or injured, and I am mindful there are families here in the United States that have been directly touched by this violence and that we are still uncertain how many Americans are themselves victims. For me, as a New Yorker, let me speak personally because September 11, 2001, is a scar and a stain that will never go away as long as I live and as long as other New Yorkers live. We know how it feels when hatred and violence take aim at our home. We know what it feels like when innocent people are killed by pure evil. So today we grieve with our brothers and sisters in Belgium. But in the midst of grief, we cannot lose focus on our work to stop this kind of violence. We need to stand with our Belgian friends not just in spirit, but in action, to figure out who was responsible for these attacks, how they were able to carry them out, and what it will take to hold them accountable. We need to look for new areas for collaboration in terms of prevention, surveillance, and information sharing. Along with our coalition partners, we need to press ahead in our effort to destroy ISIS, which has claimed responsibility for yesterday’s attacks. How horrific, the thought that human life is so worthless to these terrorists. It is just absolutely amazing that they claim to be religious people but, instead, they are pure evil. ISIS terrorists and other violent extremists target democratic societies because they want to shatter our spirit and force us to live in fear. We will not allow them to succeed. Going forward, we will work with our Belgian partners and our other allies to move past this tragedy to fight terrorism, to enhance security, and to promote justice and democracy around the world. Mr. Speaker, I support this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Again, I commend my good colleagues from Massachusetts and Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers and just will briefly close. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Texas. In a Congress that is often divided, we speak as one. In a country that is sometimes divided, today we speak as one. With the citizens of the world who value freedom and abhor violence and value human life, we speak as one. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. I thank again the ranking member of our full committee as well as the chair of the full committee for joining with us. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of the time. Mr. Speaker, our hearts do go out to the people of Brussels and the people who were killed and their families that are throughout the world, including those that are injured from the United States. We cannot bring back those lives from yesterday, but we can do something about the murder that occurred yesterday in Brussels. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that the ISIS terror network is successful. ISIS exists for one reason, to murder people and, because of that murder and violence that they incur, to scare and to bring fear and terror to countries that are attacked by ISIS. As I mentioned earlier, they have committed terror attacks in now 20 countries. To some extent, it seems to me that it is working because every time there is a terrorist attack, free 
people react in the sense that we find more security. I am concerned that we are getting into the bunker mentality, people afraid to go anyplace and afraid to leave. Why? Because some terrorist attack may occur. It is obvious that we need to react to the crimes and these murders as a people that are affected by it. But we can’t just be defensive against ISIS and other terrorist organizations. We can’t just defend ourselves. We have to eliminate ISIS. They are at war with the world and people who don’t agree with them. They are at war. Now, we probably need to understand that their goal is to not only kill and maim, but to cause fear—fear—individual fear. They use every possible way they can do it, from social media to bragging about the murders on YouTube. So we, as a people, need to understand that we are going to have to eliminate ISIS. We are going to have to track them down, go get them, and eliminate them. You can’t negotiate with these people. That is out of the question. So we either just react and try to defend ourselves when they commit crimes or we go after them. So I hope that the United States presents a better strategy and lets those folks know that, to just kill anybody that disagrees with ISIS, their days are numbered because we are going to go eliminate them. We have to. Because they have attacked us, our response must be more than defensive. We must be offensive. We must let them know: you can’t do this. You can’t kill people because you don’t like them, no matter where that occurs in the world. So I would hope that the United States, with our partners in other countries, finds an overall strategy that is successful and that eliminates these people who kill because of a perverted sense of their religion. But today we do mourn the loss and we show the support of our country with our neighbors across the seas for the crimes that have been committed against them. As the ranking member has pointed out, this is an issue that is totally supported by both sides of the House. The Foreign Affairs Committee works together on almost all issues, and this is another example of that. With that, Mr. Speaker, that is just the way it is. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise n strong support of H. Res. 658 and in remembrance of the innocent victims who lost their lives, and those who were seriously injured, this morning in the barbaric attacks perpetrated by terrorists in Brussels, Belgium. Our hearts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of the victims and our thanks and appreciation go to the first responders who selflessly came to the aid of their fellow members of the human family. Brussels will emerge from today’s attacks stronger than ever and more firmly committed to the values and principles that have made it so great. And as Brussels recovers and responds, I hope its people take comfort in the certain knowledge that the people of the United States stand in solidarity with them. Today’s attacks are a reminder of the common danger the free, democratic, and peace loving nations of the world face from those who reject the norms of civilized society and abuse the liberties and freedoms afforded them by free societies. Those responsible for today’s crime against humanity should make no mistake; they will be held to account in this life and the next. But today our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Brussels, which represents everything terrorists despise: a symbol of the modern world where persons of differing faiths, creeds, races, and cultures live together in peace, harmony, and freedom. That symbol is recognizable to Americans because it also represents the American heart and spirit. The terrorist attacks in Brussels were horrific acts on innocent civilians perpetrated by depraved individuals who misuse the peaceful religion of Islam for their own misguided purposes. Their horrible and heinous acts are their responsibility, and theirs alone, and for which they can be assured that they alone will be held accountable. But that will come another day; today I ask a moment of silence for the victims killed and injured in the terrorist attacks in Brussels. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 658. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 653, I call up the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 653, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2745 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2745, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in 1914, Congress passed the Federal Trade Commission Act, marking the beginning of a dual antitrust enforcement regime in the United States. Because both the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission enforce our Nation’s antitrust laws, companies may and often do have different experiences when interacting with one agency relative to the other. One area in which the disparity can be the most striking and troubling is in the merger review process. When a company wishes to merge with or purchase another company, it must notify both antitrust enforcement agencies of the proposed transaction. The Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission then determine which agency will be responsible for reviewing the transaction. As there are no fixed rules for making this determination, it can appear that the decision is made on the basis of a flip of the coin. There are two substantive differences that companies face based on the identity of the antitrust enforcement agency that reviews the company’s proposed transaction. The first difference arises if the agency seeks to prevent the transaction by pursuing a preliminary injunction in Federal court. A different legal standard is applied to a preliminary injunction request based solely on the identity of the requesting antitrust enforcement agency. The second difference lies in the process available to each antitrust enforcement agency to prevent a transaction from proceeding. The FTC may pursue administrative litigation against a proposed transaction even after a court denies its preliminary injunction request. In contrast, the Department of Justice cannot pursue administrative litigation. There is no justification for these disparities in the merger review processes and standards. The bipartisan Antitrust Modernization Commission recommended that Congress remove these disparities, and the bill before us today, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act, or SMARTER Act, does just that. I applaud Mr. FARENTHOLD of Texas for introducing this important legislation that will enhance the transparency, predictability, and credibility of the antitrust merger review process. By enacting the SMARTER Act into law, Congress will ensure that companies no longer will be subjected to fundamentally different processes and standards based on the flip of a coin. Notably, the legislation has garnered the support of former and current FTC Commissioners, including former Chairman David Clanton, former Commissioner Josh Wright, and sitting Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen. The SMARTER Act is an important step toward ensuring that our Nation’s antitrust laws are enforced in a manner that is fair, consistent, and predictable. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this good government bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the socalled SMARTER Act, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act, which really should—I mean, it is a misnomer. We should rename this bill. Instead of that, we should rename it the Sadly More Acronyms for Really Terrible and Esoteric Requirements Act. b0945 I know a lot of people around the country are wondering: Well, what is this all about? It must be important that they are doing this. I will tell you what is important about it. It is a piece of legislation that would impact the largest and most consequential of corporate mergers, of multinational corporate mergers. Those things have to go through a review process with our Federal Trade Commission. Also, the Department of Justice has an antitrust division. What this piece of legislation would do would be to gut one of the agency’s—the FTC’s—ability to oversee and deal with merger review issues that affect the largest and most consequential of their mergers, of these big corporate mergers. Does this piece of legislation benefit the people? Or does it benefit the 1 percent of large multinational corporations that, I guess, need help avoiding regulatory authority by our government? Well, it looks like that is what it is. It is something that is going to help out big business at a time when people in this country are very angry about the fact that the playing field is not level. The corporations and the wealthy have been doing pretty well over the last couple of generations, but people are seeing their wages stand right there where they were. They are working harder, they are more productive, but yet they can’t even take a vacation. They can’t even afford to take a day off to see about a sick child. This is why people are so angry. It is because they look at Congress and they see us doing this kind of work benefiting 1 percent of the largest multinational corporations when there are other things like passing a budget, dealing with the Zika crisis which is unfolding, dealing with the Flint water crisis, dealing with the opioid addiction crisis in this country. We can’t even pass a budget. Here we are going to pass the socalled SMARTER Act today, and then we are going to go home for almost 3 weeks. They call it a district work period, but it is actually a period where folks are out campaigning, trying to retain their seats. People are angry about that. Congress first established the Federal Trade Commission in 1914 to safeguard consumers against anticompetitive behavior by empowering the Commission with the authority to enforce, clarify, and develop antitrust law. President Woodrow Wilson later described the creation of the Commission as specifically providing for tribunals that would ‘‘determine what was fair and what was unfair competition; and to supply the business community not merely with lawyers in the Department of Justice who could cry, ‘Stop!’, but 
This bill is terrible. The Federal Trade Commission is tasked with protecting consumers from anticompetitive mergers. What I just heard from the gentleman is that this is all about getting rid of red tape. Baloney. This is about money, this is about keeping money in your own pocket and protecting yourself against the consumers. b1000 Concessions we are talking about here. The Federal Trade Commission is tasked with protecting consumers from anticompetitive mergers. That is what the job is. Corporate mergers can make industries more efficient and bring benefits to customers, but in some cases, they have the potential to increase costs and hurt competition. Mr. Speaker, if you deny that, then you don’t have the facts, and I am going to lay them out right now. Government should not be in the business of setting prices for healthcare services or anything else for that matter—for airline tickets, cable Internet services, or anything else. I hope we agree on that. That is why we need to rely on robust market competition—to keep the prices of goods and services down and ensure that consumers are getting a fair deal. I tell my friends on the other side of the aisle, with due respect, that we are pretty good fans of competition; yet here we are, after Bloomberg dubbed 2015 the ‘‘Year of the Mergers,’’ weakening a key FTC tool to ensure healthy competition in a variety of markets. Mr. Speaker, I have been particularly concerned with this issue, and I mentioned four areas here. I am very, very concerned about the mergers we have seen in many sectors of the healthcare industry. Read my lips: look at the facts through the Speaker. In my left hand, a recent report by the Health Care Pricing Project, which was written up in The New York Times late last year, found that monopoly hospitals have prices that are 15.3 percent higher than hospitals in an area with four or more hospitals—even after controlling for costs in each area. Don’t you really believe in competition, or do you just say that? Is that simply a bumper sticker, a slogan, or do you mean that? Two pending mergers in the insurance industry, between Anthem and Cigna and Aetna and Humana, set the stage for major consolidation in this industry as well. In other words, what this report did was establish the fact— I hope you are interested in the facts— that the reason we have increasing healthcare costs—a major reason—is for the merger and the reduction in competition in health care. Then there are the mergers that are motivated by U.S. tax dodging, Mr. Speaker, and we have talked about this, which have major implications on competition but also on the United States tax base. One pending merger would see a major United States company slash its United States tax bill by moving its headquarters overseas and creating the largest drug company in the universe. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield the gentleman an additional 1
1⁄2minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. Working Americans across the country do not have the benefit of hiring consultants, of shifting their earned income around the globe to find the lowest tax rate. And you are standing there, saying you want to help the consumer? It is just the opposite. Many multinational corporations do just that. Corporate inversions allow companies to renege on the obligation to America, eroding the United States tax base and hurting American competitiveness. Who are you with anyway? If you live in a neighborhood and one house—let’s say the biggest house on the block—doesn’t pay its property taxes, what happens? Everyone understands that the rest of the houses on the block have to make up the difference. The Treasury has taken steps to address inversions, but it is up to Congress to pass legislation that addresses this problem immediately. In the meantime, the bill before us today would weaken the FTC’s ability to monitor and enforce against unfair, anticompetitive mergers, and they are all over the place. I blame, partially, the administration, as the former Attorney General did nothing about mergers. While people were trying to get him to resign for other reasons, that would have been a darned good reason. This is not Republican or Democrat, my friends. These are simply the facts, and I can tell you this one report will very, very much crystallize what those facts are. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from New Jersey’s commitment to the free market, because I think we all believe a free and fair market is in the best interest of America and in the best interest of every American consumer, but we have got to take a look at the procedure. This is, primarily, procedural in nature so that those companies that are seeking mergers, whether they go through the FTC or through the Department of Justice, are simply treated the same. If the gentleman is concerned about the fact that there are too many mergers—that we are getting bigger and bigger companies and that it is stifling competition—that is a legitimate conversation for us to have in the context of changing the law with respect to monopolies, mergers, and acquisitions. What we are trying to do here is not change that law, but make that law fairer and applied equally, regardless of whether one is in front of the Department of Justice or whether one is in front of the Federal Trade Commission. If the gentleman takes that argument, then he is saying, right now, the FTC has an advantage in stopping these mergers because it has all of these other procedures in place, as opposed to the Department of Justice. Why should one get stuck with a tougher row to hoe based on which agency one goes in front of? That is just not fair. Mr. PASCRELL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FARENTHOLD. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, what we need to understand is that we are not only talking about the FTC, we are talking about the Justice Department, which oversees these mergers regardless of whether we are talking about health or airlines, which is a catastrophe. I only brought up health care today. We are having that discussion you just talked about. Mr. FARENTHOLD. In reclaiming my time, I think the gentleman has a problem with the fact that there are so many mergers and that he thinks it is anticompetitive and not good for folks. That is an opinion that the gentleman is, certainly, entitled to, but that is, I think, out of the scope of what this bill is trying to do. Mr. Speaker, this bill takes existing law and says, look, let’s apply it the same regardless of which agency one is before. I think that is the difference there. I would be happy to meet with the gentleman in his office and see if we can find some ways that we can agree so that we might reform the overall antitrust system. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I am mainly concerned about this piece of legislation because you have determined—you have defined—a nonexistent problem while applying a less consumer friendly standard. That is my position. What I brought up here is part of the mix. It is putting it in context as to what has happened. The consequences of what has happened are higher prices for us—for you and me—and I know you are concerned about that. Mr. FARENTHOLD. In reclaiming my time, my point is that, if the gentleman thinks we have too many mergers, let’s change the law, but let’s have a fair procedure. What this bill is designed to do is to have a fair procedure for those who are engaged in that activity. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to respond to my friend from Texas. We went through a period of time in the first decade of this century of U.S. 
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, since I have one speaker remaining, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Georgia, and I thank the chairman of the full committee and the author of this bill. I rise in combination of speaking on this bill, but also offering my deepest sympathy to the people of Brussels, the people of Belgium which, some would say, is the heart of the civic participation of Europe—they are certainly dear friends of the United States—though we would mourn any who have been impacted by the dastardly deeds of terrorism. I know in our committee, Mr. JOHNSONand Mr. G OODLATTE are working on these issues. I would hope that we could move the no fly for foreign terrorists bill as quickly as possible as we make our way through these issues of determining how we disrupt the ideology and then the actions that result in the deaths of innocent persons. So I offer that. Mr. Speaker, I am struck by the name of this bill because I don’t know who gets smarter. I know that the consumers get poorer and that there are opportunities for victimizing the consumers. This bill does not create equal rules or implement smarter legislation. But if I might take up the comment about the increasing cost of prescription drugs, that is clearly a result of not allowing the FTC to pursue and to proceed because it is our arm of equalizing and balancing the consumer. On this day, when we acknowledge the sixth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act that has brought health insurance to 20 million people, we know that what we need to fix is the rising cost of prescription drugs. So this bill is about attacking the administrative authority of the Federal Trade Commission. It is an unnecessary measure that would fundamentally undermine the FTC’s independent enforcement authority and ability to prevent anticompetitive mergers. As a law student, I remember in my antitrust classes how the FTC was highlighted as one of the anchors of balance and the anchors of protection of innocent civilians. Specifically, if enacted, the SMARTER Act would strip the FTC of power by eliminating the agency’s authority to enforce antitrust laws in larger merger cases and by blocking its ability to use its administrative proceedings to stop a harmful merger transaction. Why is that? The FTC is where you can engage and have discussion. The bill seeks to do so by requiring that the FTC use the same enforcement process as the DOJ. There is more ability for the little guy to be heard at the FTC. This proposed sweeping change undercuts the FTC’s administrative litigation process for contested mergers or acquisitions and effectively removes a very core and functioning character of the agency, lets more people in the door to express themselves for or against this merger, how it impacts, with less resources needed to get in front of an administrative agency than dealing with the Department of Justice. Moreover, reducing the FTC’s independence directly conflicts with Congress’ intent in creating this antitrust enforcement agency and policymaking body as a distinct and independent shield from political and executive interference. As enforcers of section 7 of the Clayton Act, both the FTC and DOJ have the authority and responsibility to prohibit mergers and acquisitions that substantially lessen competition. That saves money because competition helps save money. These agencies serve to complement each other. Why make them the same? They are not twins. Based upon historical experience and coordinated development, the FTC serves to protect consumers and consumer spending, health care, pharmaceuticals, professional services, food, energy, food safety, among other things. The DOJ typically assumes a specialized focus on larger corporate industries, like telecommunications, banks, railroads, and airlines. Serving as joint enforcement agencies for over 100 years, they work together. Don’t take away the consumers’ arm. That is the FTC. This bill takes it away and puts the little guy under and the big guy up. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2745, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews through Equal Rules Act—otherwise known as the SMARTER Act. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not about creating equal rules or implementing ‘‘smarter’’ legislation. Rather, it is about attacking the administrative authority of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). H.R. 2745 is an unnecessary measure that would fundamentally undermine the FTC’s independent enforcement authority and ability to prevent anticompetitive mergers. As we all know, the FTC was created by Congress with the specific intent of creating an independent antitrust enforcement agency and supplemental authority to the Department of Justice (DOJ). Specifically, if enacted, the SMARTER Act would strip the FTC of its power by eliminating 
the agency’s authority to enforce antitrust laws in larger merger cases, and by blocking its ability to use its administrative proceedings to stop a harmful merger transaction. The bill seeks to do so by requiring that the FTC use the same enforcement process as the DOJ. This proposed sweeping change undercuts the FTC’s administrative litigation process for contested mergers or acquisitions and effectively removes the very core and functioning character of this agency. Moreover, reducing the FTC’s independence directly conflicts with Congress’s intent in creating this antitrust enforcement agency and policymaking body as distinct and independent shield from political and executive interference. As enforcers of Section 7 of the Clayton Act, both the FTC and the DOJ have the authority and responsibility to prohibit mergers and acquisitions that would ‘‘substantially lessen competition’’ or ‘‘tend to create a monopoly’’. Under this enforcement authority, these agencies serve to complement each other, and have developed over the years to specialize in particular industries and markets. Based upon historical experience and coordinated developments, the FTC serves to protect consumers and consumer spending— e.g., healthcare, pharmaceuticals, professional services, food, energy, and certain hightech industries like computer technology and internet services. Whereas, the DOJ typically assumes a specialized focus on larger corporate industries— e.g., telecommunications, banks, railroads, and airlines. Thus, while the FTC and the DOJ have operated with a shared responsibility of enforcing federal antitrust laws, these two federal agencies are unique and each retain exclusive authority of certain conduct. Serving as joint enforcement agencies for over 100 years, the FTC and DOJ rely upon each other to coordinate agency jurisdiction and harmonized standards and practices. The SMARTER Act is simply unnecessary as it fails to put forth any meaningful effort to enhance or rectify any expressed concerns governing these longstanding agency operations. In particular, in 2002 Congress sought to review and amend antitrust laws and policies in light of changing economy and rise in technological advances. In 2007 a report issued by the Antitrust Modernization Commission (AMC) set forth specific recommendations for the FTC to eliminate real or perceived disparities in the review process for merger transactions. According to the AMC, Congress should seek to ensure that the same or comparable standard is used when seeking a preliminary injunction against a potentially anticompetitive transaction. However, the SMARTER Act goes beyond this recommendation and seeks to chip away and carve out the entire administrative adjudication authority of the FTC. In order to identify potential violations of the Clayton Act, the FTC and the DOJ review proposed merger transactions pursuant to the HartScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act (the HSR Act), which provides advance notice and sets forth guidelines on large merger and acquisition transactions. The heart of this concern is the alternate means in which the FTC and the DOJ carry out their enforcement role during this HSR premerger process. Namely, H.R. 2745 is curiously motivated by the preliminary injunction process utilized by the FTC and the DOJ to halt proposed transactions that would violate the Clayton Act if completed. Additionally, the DOJ typically consolidates the preliminary and permanent injunction proceedings, while the FTC typically only pursues the preliminary injunction. While some argue that proposed transactions reviewed through the FTC would be treated more leniently than those reviewed through the DOJ, this assertion was not fully substantiated by the AMC. The premerger review process and the injunction standards utilized by the FTC and the DOJ are the very procedural steps that characterize and distinguish the respective enforcement roles of these agencies. This supposed area of concern addresses only a small fraction of proposed transactions, as the vast majority of merger and acquisition proposals are found to not be in violation of the Clayton Act during the review process. The FTC and the DOJ review over a thousand merger filings every year. Yet 95% of those merger filings present no competitive issues or challenged transactions. As reported by the American Antitrust Institute (AAI), the overall concerns purported by the bill’s sponsors are simply without foundation. In contrast, the overall work of the FTC has an incredible impact on American consumers, communities and corporations and will be severely impacted if disrupted. As highlighted by the FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez in her testimony before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, the FTC prioritizes the protection of consumers and the prevention of anticompetitive market practices. In fact, the FTC exists to ensure fair competition and to prevent enormous concentrations of economic power that hurts consumers and small businesses. For example: In the past year, the FTC has challenged over 28 mergers, (although in most it was able to negotiate a remedy to allow the merger to proceed). At the consumer level in my home state of Texas, the FTC secured an $82,000 settlement against an autodealer found in violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act in September 2015. Also last year, the FTC ordered the largest divestiture ever in a supermarket merger, requiring Albertsons and Safeway to sell 168 supermarkets in 130 local markets throughout several states, ensuring that communities continue to benefit from competition among their local supermarkets. The FTC has also taken an aggressive stance on stopping anticompetitive mergers and conduct in the healthcare market by halting such practices through administrative litigation. In September 2015, the FTC secured a $1.1 million settlement to consumers who lost money to a health insurance telemarketing scam. And in the last two years, the FTC took action in 13 pharmaceutical mergers, ordering divestitures to preserve competition for drugs that treat diabetes, hypertension, and cancer, as well as widely used generic medications like oral contraceptives and antibiotics. Just last week on March 18, 2016, after a thoroughly vetted investigation, the FTC approved a final order preserving competition among outpatient dialysis clinics in Laredo, Texas. That is, the FTC cleared U.S. Renal Care, Inc.’s (the country’s third largest outpatient dialysis provider) $640 million purchase of dialysis competitor DSI Renal, on the condition that three of DSI’s outpatient clinics in Laredo, Texas, be handed over to a third party. Absent this agreed divestiture, the acquisition would have led to a significant increase in market concentration and anticompetitive effects. The likely result, according to the FTC, would have included the elimination of direct competition between U.S. Renal Care and DSI Renal, reduced incentives to improve services or quality for dialysis patients, and increased ability for the merged company to unilaterally increase prices. Notably, the DOJ has also been successful in securing investigations and halting suspected harmful merger practices on a much larger scale (in the health care and airline industry as of recent). In June 2015, the DOJ put pressure on several multibillion dollar health insurers seeking to engage in large merger transactions with near certain suppression of market competition in the healthcare industry. In August 2015, the DOJ issued civil investigative demands on several major US airlines seeking to halt any potential unlawful mergers. These cases demonstrate the need for continued protection of the FTC and its ability to effectively carry out injunctions on harmful merger and acquisition activities, as well as anticompetitive business conduct that harms consumers and restrains market activity. The ability of the FTC to function independently is a necessary function to the success of both the FTC and the DOJ. The farreaching and elusive SMARTER Act fails keep the foundational integrity of these agencies and should be opposed. I urge all Members to vote against this serious threat to our fundamental protections of consumers and fair economic competition. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. It is not often that I come to the floor to argue a bill and to debate and nobody on the other side shows up to participate in the debate. I have been feeling kind of lonely over here. I guess that people are too embarrassed on the other side to come here and defend this legislation at this particular time, as we get ready to depart for what will be just about 3 weeks, while we are leaving dangling and hanging important issues, like a budget for this country that was promised to us back at the beginning of the year. It was supposed to be regular order. It was supposed to be that we are going to do a budget. After the budget is done and we have our top lines and bottom lines in place, then we will embark upon the appropriations process and we will pass all of 
the 12 appropriations bills for the first time in years and we will get back to regular order around here. They can’t even produce enough votes to pass a budget. So what do we do then? We revert to trying to protect and coddle and make things easy for big multinational corporations that want to get bigger. They want to get bigger so that they can get a lock on the market, they have no competition, and then they can set whatever price they want to set and the American people are left having to pay. What can you do when you need your prescription medication and there is no competition, no other similar drug, and you only have one player in the room; therefore, you have to pay whatever they are holding you over the barrel for. The American people are sick and tired and they are angry about having been held over a barrel year after year after year as this Congress continues to coddle and protect and make things good for big business. Well, what about the working people of this country? When are we going to do something about making sure that they don’t have to pay these increased bills that they would have to pay for things like hotel rooms, insurance, medical care, prescription drugs, nursing homes, and food? I don’t even want to talk about the price of gas that is going to go up this summer. Despite the fact that we have a glut in the oil market, you are going to be seeing your gas prices rise. Why? Because you are getting out on the road and trying to go on vacation. It is getting more and more difficult to do that because wages haven’t gone up. So this Congress continues to make it easy for big corporations to increase their profits while doing nothing to raise wages for the regular working people of this country. Now we are getting ready to go on another 3week district work period. I have a lot of work to do in the district trying to explain to the people of my district why we are not getting down to business and doing the things that they expect this Congress to do. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues in this body oppose the SMARTER Act and do what is right for the American people. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Let’s look at the arguments, the straw men that have been set up by the other party claiming that this legislation does a manner of things that it simply does not do. First, they say enacting the SMARTER Act only benefits large companies that wish to merge, but the SMARTER Act protects small and midsize companies which also come under the Federal Trade Commission’s scrutiny. This legislation is not designed to help big companies get bigger. Indeed, large companies have the resources to hire the lawyers, economists, lobbyists, and other regulatory professionals to wrestle with the FTC. It is the small and mediumsize companies that would benefit from a fair process and an assurance that they would have their day in court. The FTC does not always focus its attention on the large companies. In fact, a Wall Street Journal article from 2013 documents how the FTC pursued anticompetitive practices of the Music Teachers National Association, a nonprofit with about a dozen employees. In short, this nonprofit was a collection of piano teachers. So if you think the FTC only engages with conglomerates, you are mistaken. They will even prosecute your afterschool piano teacher. The SMARTER Act ensures that, if the FTC does focus its efforts on piano teachers, on the small and medium size companies, they will have the benefit of a fair process. Then they make the argument that the SMARTER Act will make it more difficult for antitrust enforcement agencies to stop a merger, but the SMARTER Act only changes the process. It does not have any substantive impact on merger reviews. The SMARTER Act does not make any substantive changes to antitrust law. Rather, the legislation only standardizes the process between the two antitrust enforcement agencies. The witnesses at the committee hearings on the SMARTER Act testified that the legislation only affects the process and not the substantive standard. As Deborah Garza, former chairwoman of the Antitrust Modernization Commission stated: 
No one on the AMC believed at the time, and I do not believe today, that this legislation would make it difficult or impossible for the FTC Commission to do its job. The Justice Department has done very well in pursuing its merger enforcement agenda working with the standards that apply to it. And I firmly believe that the FTC can do so as well. 
Indeed, even the current Department of Justice Assistant Attorney General for the antitrust division stated: 
I do not think there is a practical difference in how the courts assess the factual and legal basis for enjoining a merger challenged by the FTC on the one hand and the Department on the other. 
Let me also quote from a letter written by 15 leading antitrust professors who wrote to Congress expressing their support for the SMARTER Act: 
The FTC is a very impressive agency that plays a valuable role in antitrust enforcement. The SMARTER Act does nothing to undermine the FTC’s authority. It simply ensures that the merger review processes and standards are equally applied to merger parties, regardless of which agency reviews the transaction. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. DOGGETT. I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Doggett moves to recommit the bill (H.R. 2745) to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to report the bill back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, for many months now so many of us Democrats here in the House have been pleading with our Republican colleagues to recognize that there is a very serious cost to the American people of prescription price gouging; such a serious matter that, overwhelmingly, in the fall, when the Kaiser Family Foundation surveyed healthcare concerns of Americans, the number one issue was soaring, unaffordable prescription drugs. We have not been very successful in getting their attention on this just to recognize the severity of the problem— not even getting to the point of agreeing on what legislative action this Congress, this administration might take in order to address this problem. We got another indication of the severity of the problem and the way that people across America are being impacted by the Republican failure to address prescription price gouging in the latest survey done this year by AARP, their RxPrice Watch report, which found the average retail price among 622 prescription medicines that are widely used by seniors more than doubled from less than $6,000 in 2006 to over $11,000 in 2013. That is an incredible increase. It is not just seniors who are impacted, but working families, people all over the United States, by the fact that prescription drug prices are rising much faster than the cost of living and other health care. Now, we have been asking for months that Republicans recognize the severity of this problem. I have asked in the Committee on Ways and Means. We cannot even get a hearing on the subject. Our colleagues have asked, in the Commerce Committee, how about a hearing to look at what is happening to the American people on these outrageous prescription price increases that just keep increasing and increasing? The Commerce Committee has refused to hold a hearing on it. The Committee on Appropriations has been asked to review and consider this problem. They won’t hold a hearing on it. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, under the leadership of ELIJAH CUMMINGS as the ranking Democrat, asked for a subpoena. Finally—and it is appropriate for this bill, they call it the SMARTER Act, and Republicans are always so much better at naming their legislation than what is in it—we had a smart aleck who got subpoenaed, the guy who thought it was okay to raise the price of an over 60yearold drug by over 5,000 percent in 1 day, having a big impact on people who needed it for reduced immunity from any number of kinds of treatments, a 5,000 percent increase, and they at least were willing to get him over video to make his various smartaleck remarks about his ability to do that. Competition by itself is not solving the problem with the soaring cost of prescription drugs. But trying to maintain competition, if Republicans won’t recognize how endangered so many Americans are by prescription price gouging, we ought not to go backwards, and that is what I fear this bill would do. Let me give you a precise example. On November 18, the Federal Trade Commission, which would be impacted by this bill, approved a final order that was concerned with the merger on generic drugs that treat certain types of ulcers and thyroid conditions. This is the merger, an $8 billion merger between Endo International and Par Pharmaceuticals. The FTC was concerned about the effect on competition and raising prices and gouging consumers even more than is occurring already. I do not want to impair in any way their ability to initiate litigation, to be involved, to see that competition remains—to the limited extent it is now—and not see seniors or working families with a sick child or anyone who gets a sad diagnosis of a lifethreatening disease and then finds themselves facing financial ruin even if they have insurance, to see 
one of the few tools we have to deal with these anticompetitive provisions eliminated by this bill. This is the last amendment on the bill. It will not send the bill back to committee. It will at least preserve this one narrow area. If Republicans won’t recognize the problem, at least don’t go make it worse. They could be bringing up bills to this floor like the one that had bipartisan support about 8 or 9 years ago. Former Representative John Dingell had a bill so that we would begin to have Medicare negotiate prices with these pharmaceutical companies. Twentyfour Republicans even joined us. That is the kind of bipartisan action we need. At least approve this motion to recommit. Let the bill move forward, but without gouging consumers on prescription drug prices even more than they are today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that, because of ObamaCare and government regulation, the cost of prescription drugs is going up—and going up too fast. We definitely need to reform our healthcare system, starting with repealing ObamaCare and putting in place real patientcentered reforms to our healthcare system, but that is not what this legislation is about today. The SMARTER Act is predicated on a very simple notion: the results of an antitrust merger review should not be dependent on which antitrust enforcement agency happens to review the deal. The outcome should not be determined by the flip of an agency coin. The SMARTER Act is a process reform that ensures that all parties have their day in court and are subject to the same standards, regardless of which antitrust enforcement agency reviews their merger. The motion to recommit defeats this simple reform by carving out an exception for one area. Why, if we are seeking justice, why, if we are seeking a fair standard for all people before these antitrust review agencies, would we take this particular area and say, no, we are not going to have a consistent standard for reviewing something that the gentleman feels is so important. We all feel that is very important, and that is why we all should oppose this motion to recommit and vote for the underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to vote against the motion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and the motion to suspend the rules and agree to House Resolution 658. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 174, nays 235, not voting 24, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOT VOTING—24 
Bass Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Chaffetz Fincher Gohmert Grijalva Herrera Beutler Labrador Love Nadler Noem Nugent Rangel Reichert Richmond Scalise Smith (WA) Speier Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1100 Messrs. LAMALFA, ASHFORD, LANCE, Mrs. HARTZLER, Messrs. SCHWEIKERT, FRANKS of Arizona, DUFFY, BERA, WESTMORELAND, MACARTHUR, and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. NOLAN, DEUTCH, and DOGGETT changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 171, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOES—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bass Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Fincher Grijalva Herrera Beutler Johnson (GA) Labrador Love Moore Nadler Noem Nugent Rangel Reed Reichert Scalise Smith (WA) Speier Wilson (FL) Yoho Zinke 
b1106 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 137, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 137 for passage of H.R. 2745 which took place on Wednesday, March 23, 2016, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained at the Supreme Court. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 137 for passage of H.R. 2745. Stated against: Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 137, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ CONDEMNING THE TERRORIST ATTACKS IN BRUSSELS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 658) condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Brussels on March 22, 2016, which murdered more than 30 innocent people, and severely wounded many more, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 409, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Bass Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Butterfield Chaffetz Fincher Grijalva Herrera Beutler Labrador Love Noem Nugent Rangel Reichert Scalise Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Tonko Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1118 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, March 21; Tuesday, March 22; and Wednesday, March 23, 2016, I was on medical leave while recovering from hip replacement surgery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 130 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4314, as amended). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 131 (on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 653). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 132 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 653). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 133 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4742). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcal1 vote No. 134 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4755). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 135 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4336, as amended). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 136 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 2745, with instructions). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 137 (on passage of H.R. 2745). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 138 (on agreeing to the resolution on H. Res. 658). PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, due to an illness I was unable to vote on the following: Rollcall No. 130. Rollcall No. 131. Rollcall No. 132. Rollcall No. 133. Rollcall No. 134. Rollcall No. 135. Rollcall No. 137. Rollcall No. 138. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 136, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 2745, which would add protections for consumers by ensuring that the underlying bill would not apply to mergers that would unreasonably increase the costs of pharmaceutical drugs (rollcall No. 136), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Had I been present for the vote on the passage of H.R. 2745, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act (rollcall No. 137), I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ This bill would eliminate important administrative and procedural tools the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) uses to protect market competition and the American consumer. Additionally, this bill seems unnecessary, particularly after the Wall Street Journal dubbed 2015 the ‘‘biggest year ever for mergers and acquisitions.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 658, a resolution condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Brussels on March 22, 2016, (rollcall No. 138), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ These attacks signal a painful continuation in our struggle against terrorism. 
REPORT ON H. CON. RES. 125, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia, from the Committee on the Budget, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–470) on the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 125) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
CONGRATULATING STUDENTS ON ACCEPTANCE AS DELEGATES TO THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate several students from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District on their appointments as delegates to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. These students will be delegates to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders to be held later this year in Massachusetts. The Congress is an honorsonly program for high school students who want to become physicians or are going into a field devoted to medical research. Each of these students was nominated by their teachers and has demonstrated tremendous academic success. Many who attend the Congress will receive full academic scholarships as they look toward completing university courses. The six students selected to attend the Congress of Future Medical Leaders represent many communities in the Fifth Congressional District. Those chosen include: Courtney Craft from Bradford Area High School, Aubrey Feinour from Penns Valley High School, Kendra Gadley from West Forest Secondary School, Bella Huber from Central Mountain High School, Needhi Sharma from State College High School, and Laiken Turner from Mt. Union High School. I wish these students the best of success at the Congress in June and as their academic careers progress and continue. 
POVERTY AND THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the sixth anniversary of the adoption of the Affordable Care Act. I am proud of the role I played as majority leader in 2010 to bring that legislation to the floor, legislation that has been extraordinarily successful in making affordable coverage accessible to millions of Americans. The Affordable Care Act has become a critical tool in fighting poverty. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, 20 
million previously uninsured individuals now have coverage. Expanded Medicaid is now covering 8.6 million Americans in 28 States and the District of Columbia. Were the rest of the States to implement it, it would provide access to affordable, quality care to another 5.1 million Americans. Young people under age 26 can be covered under a parent’s plan, making it easier for them to find their footing in the workforce. And insurance companies, Mr. Speaker, can no longer deny coverage based on a preexisting condition. As we mark this anniversary, the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Equality, and Opportunity will continue to lead efforts to defend the law against attempts to repeal or undermine it, and we will pursue additional policies that help more Americans stay healthy, put roofs over their heads, and find jobs that lift them out of poverty and into the middle class. 
HONORING SHERIFF’S DEPUTY CARL KOONTZ (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Howard County Sheriff’s Deputy Carl Koontz, who was killed in the line of duty last Sunday. Deputy Koontz had strong ties to Howard County. He was a graduate of both Western High School in Russiaville and Indiana University Kokomo. As a member of the force, he served as a school resource officer, positively impacting the hundreds of students with whom he interacted on a daily basis. Deputy Koontz was also a husband and a father to an 8monthold son, Noah. Noah will be celebrating Easter this Sunday without his father and will never know him. I offer my deepest and most heartfelt condolences for the family of Deputy Koontz during this time, and I thank him for all of his hard work and ultimate sacrifice. I also pray for the continued recovery of Sergeant Jordan Buckley, who was also injured on Sunday. 
HONORING CESAR CHAVEZ (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you to remind us of a great American, Cesar Chavez. Born in Yuma, Arizona, he dedicated his life to making sure that he fought for workers in America and around the world. He only had an eighth grade education, but he served our country honorably in the military as well and risked his life and served the people of America honorably. One of the key tenets of his life was nonviolence. That is something that is timely for us to remind ourselves of, as Americans, at this time when we choose who our leader is going to be, that we do it respectfully, honorably, and nonviolently. So, with that, I would like to commemorate the opportunity to remind all of us to speak from our heart, to work from our heart, to be kind to our brothers, sisters, and our neighbors, and to do things and make change for the better nonviolently in honor of our fellow American, Cesar Chavez. f 
POLL: MEDIA HAS TOO MUCH POWER (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans know that liberal media bias is a major problem in our country. A recent Rasmussen poll found that Americans believe media bias is a bigger problem in politics than large campaign contributions. It also found that a large majority of Americans, 66 percent, believe the news media has too much power and influence over government decisions. A Media Research Center analysis of The New York Times provides an example. MRC found that, since last August, The New York Times has never characterized Hillary Clinton or BERNIESANDERS as being hardline or hard left. In contrast, Republican candidates have been labeled as hardline 45 times and hardright 13 times. That is 58–0. Americans will continue to view the media as a problem until it provides fair and balanced coverage. The media should give the American people the facts, not tell them what to think. 
TOXIC CONTAMINATION IN SOUTHEAST LOS ANGELES (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in order to bring attention to an issue afflicting communities in southeast Los Angeles. Today communities in Vernon and the surrounding areas are dealing with the aftermath of years of toxic contamination by a nowclosed leadacid battery recycling plant. The recycling plant, which was owned by the company Exide Technologies, operated for years in the city of Vernon. Even though it had multiple violations documented by inspectors in the late 1990s of bad things going on, there were few punitive measures used against them. Ultimately, who paid the price? The contaminated areas can be cleaned up, but those communities that live there, mostly composed of working class Mexican Americans, now have to deal with longterm health effects of being exposed, like cancer. Time and time again, when our infrastructure fails us, when corporations violate the rules, it is the most vulnerable communities that pay for it. I want to remind my colleagues we have to be vigilant. f 
AMERICA GRIEVES WITH THE BELGIAN PEOPLE (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share in the grief of the Belgian people after yesterday’s horrific acts of terror that claimed the lives of over 30 innocent people and injured more than 200, some of whom were Americans, and to lend my voice to a call for action. We, the Representatives of the American people, condemn the latest barbarity by the scum called ISIS. It should be clear to all that these terrorists are at war with the West. But are we at war with them? The actions by this administration at least thus far say no. These terrorist thugs will continue to rape, pillage, and murder until they are destroyed. The United States and our allies are long overdue in doing just that. 
b1130 REJECT DISCRIMINATION AND UPHOLD OUR VALUES (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I stood with my colleagues on the House floor in a moment of silence as we mourned for the victims in Brussels. Today, as I watched leading politicians propose discriminatory policies targeting the Muslim community, I cannot be silent. Seventy years ago, my parents and grandparents were held prisoner during World War II without trial and without a reason, other than their Japanese heritage. In that moment, no one was willing to speak up for them. We cannot ignore the lessons of history. The Muslim community is the most frequent victim of terrorism and our greatest ally in ridding the world of extremism. Responding to Brussels by advocating for patrols of Muslim neighborhoods, or suggesting that we torture our enemies, is not only counterproductive, it violates the moral code that separates us from our enemies. It is my duty, and it is every American’s duty to reject discrimination and uphold our values. 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TRI CITY REGIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the TriCity Regional Chamber of Commerce on their 10year anniversary celebration. This auspicious occasion marks the date that the Richland and the TriCity area Chamber of Commerce merged to form the regional Chamber in 2006. The TriCities is the fourth largest metropolitan area in the State of Washington, situated at the confluence of the Columbia, Snake and Yakima Rivers. The beautiful Columbia Basin and 300 days of sunshine attract opportunities for agriculture, recreation, and business. The TriCity Regional Chamber of Commerce represents nearly 1,200 diverse businesses, providing access to customers and a network for job creators. The Chamber provides visibility for partner companies and works to improve the economic climate of our region. The Chamber represents local leaders, working to advance the local economy and the quality of life in the TriCities. With the motto of ‘‘Bolder, Brighter, Better,’’ this advocacy group has had a tremendously positive impact, attracting jobs to our community. It is my distinct pleasure to recognize and congratulate them on this milestone. 
NUCLEAR SECURITY (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, as the only physicist remaining in the United States Congress, I feel a special responsibility to speak out on the importance of strengthening global nuclear security. In just a few days, the United States will host the fourth and final Nuclear Security Summit. World leaders from more than 50 countries will convene in Washington, D.C., to participate in a global dialogue to reinforce our commitment at the highest levels to securing nuclear materials. To date, these summits have been instrumental in achieving critical nuclear security objectives, such as minimizing the use of highly enriched uranium in reactors around the world, and enhancing membership in international organizations like the IAEA. But more remains to be done. It is no secret that rogue regimes and clandestine organizations continue to exhibit the ambition to acquire nuclear materials that can be used to create crude radiological dirty bombs or nuclear weapons. I am, however, optimistic that with our allies and partners around the world, we will continue to develop new and innovative ideas to secure vulnerable nuclear material and make the world a safer place. 
HONORING THE BRAVE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE (Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, we owe so much to the brave men and women who police our Nation’s streets. Every day they selflessly put on their uniforms to stand in harm’s way to keep us safe. In my district, on March 9, an off duty Jacksonville detective, who was taking his son to school, was shot while making an unexpected stop after witnessing a suspect driving erratically. He has been upgraded to a stable condition now, but it is a sobering reminder of how quickly evil can strike. On March 13, Maryland Police Officer Jacai Colson was the 23rd police officer killed in the line of duty this year. May he rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, these tragedies have gone from infrequent to occasional to nearly everyday occurrences across the country. To me and lawabiding American citizens, this is simply unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, there isn’t much room between order and chaos. Members of our police force are the first, and sometimes only, line of defense that we have from the evils that lurk in the shadows. Our law enforcement officers deserve every ounce of support, respect, and gratitude that we can bestow upon them. Let us thank all of our first responders and our police officers. Let us pray for their safety, their families, and may God bless the brave men and women in blue. f 
ALLOW THE WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS TO BE INURNED AT ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this is Women’s History Month, and it is only appropriate that we finally give a group of remarkable women who served this country an honor that they have been denied far too long—the opportunity to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery. I am referring to the Women Airforce Service Pilots, more commonly known as the WASPs. These women were remarkable, flying 78 different types of aircraft for the United States Army Air Force during World War II. They were stationed throughout the United States. They flew the very same missions as their male counterparts, over 60 million miles of operational flights. Despite their patriotism and selfless service, they did not receive veteran status until 1977, and yet, today, they cannot be buried at Arlington National Cemetery. Thankfully, the House has already acted. They passed legislation—I was proud to cosponsor it—that would allow these WASPs to be laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery. I am hopeful that the Senate will soon follow suit and send the bill to the President. f 
KEEP THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA A SAFE PLACE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to see that the House came together to have unanimous support for a resolution condemning the Brussels attacks, the terrorism, and the loss of life there as a result of terrorist activity. We can’t just stop there, though, with words from the House. We need to have action to ensure that our allies know that they are our allies. But also, our first primary goal is the safety of the United States citizens and the United States soil. We need to vet whoever is going to be immigrating to this country, whoever the socalled immigrants are, and we need to be vetting the refugees here. It is our first obligation for the safety of the American people and the soil of the U.S. that we have the full information on who is coming here and who they are. The methods we have now are endangering our country because we don’t know who is coming here, and they certainly don’t look like refugees in a lot of cases. Mr. Speaker, I think this is an important first step to be in lockstep with the people of Belgium in their time of struggle and need. Let’s also remember that we need to keep the United States of America a safe place. 
BRUSSELS ATTACKS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I come with a heavy heart to acknowledge the deep tragedy that happened in Brussels, Belgium, yesterday. Having participated in the InterParliamentary Exchange, I traveled to Brussels on a number of occasions to join with the European Union. But more importantly, I had the sad duty of coming onto the thenSelect Committee on Homeland Security and, ultimately, the Committee on Homeland Security in the very shadows of 9/11. I was in this Congress as it occurred, and I went to Ground Zero as they were still recovering individuals, as those firefighters and first responders would not stop. Our hearts are heavy and we are desirous of being helpful. As Brussels recovers and responds, we need to stand with them. But as well, let me be very clear: let us not allow the terrorists to terrorize us; let us recognize the broadness of this Nation, the Muslims who put on the uniform of the United States military to fight on our behalf. 
Let us act with consciousness, providing more security and more human resources to make a difference. As I close, let me acknowledge the historic trip of President Obama to Cuba and say that engagement is very important. 
REMEMBERING WE ARE ALL PART OF THE HUMAN FAMILY (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was a very important day in my family’s life. I have been the happiest man for 2 years, ever since I married my wife Monica and, also, the birth of Sky and Sage, my twin daughters. They are here with me today. We celebrated their first birthday yesterday with friends and family and good folks. It has been one of those years of reflection that makes us all human— being a father, being a husband, and having a family. That is the essence that combines us all, as human beings. I urge my colleagues to pause, celebrate their families, celebrate their children, their parents, hug them, love them, and let’s remember we are all part of the human family. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND EARLY ACT ANNIVERSARY (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, good luck—mazel tov—to my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the sixth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act. This was President Obama’s and congressional Democrats’ landmark law, which has helped 20 million Americans—1.7 million Floridians in my home State—get quality, affordable health care. It is a law that outlawed discrimination against people like me—a woman and a cancer survivor—who could have been prevented from obtaining care before the ACA ended that injustice. It is also the anniversary of the EARLY Act, a law that I was proud to author, which passed as part of the ACA. The EARLY Act empowers young women with the information and resources they need to understand their breast health and the risks that they face. As a cancer survivor and a mother, these two anniversaries are near and dear to my heart. I will continue working with my sister survivors, with the healthcare and cancer communities, along with Vice President BIDEN’s inspirational National Cancer Moonshot, to expand care; protect more of our daughters, sisters, and mothers; and, finally, beat cancer once and for all. 
BRUSSELS ATTACKS (Mr. MEEKS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the resolution passed earlier today condemning the heinous acts that occurred in Brussels yesterday. Whenever such cowardly attacks take place against innocent people, we all are victims. Of course, the attacks in Brussels are not isolated and, sadly, remind me of the recent attacks of terror in Paris, in Nigeria, in Kenya, in Turkey, against people of all faiths. I shall not recite all of the cities that come to mind in what has become a new normal. As a global community, we must continue to unite against this threat abroad and at home until we have brought the extremists who perpetuate such crimes to justice. Mr. Speaker, I would like to conclude by reminding us all here in this Chamber, as well as our European friends, that during these difficult times, we should remember what brings us together. The resolution passed earlier is not just about BelgiumU.S. relations, nor is it about the recent attacks in Brussels. The resolution also reminds us that the nature of the response is what brings us together. The solutions to terror are to be found only with an emphasis on the Democratic and individual rights that we humbly work to protect. f 
b1145 REEVALUATING OUR ANTIISIS POLICY (Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in light of the recent attack in Brussels, it is appropriate to reevaluate our antiISIS policy. The Obama administration’s basic policy is sound in three parts— don’t be suckered into declaring war against 1.4 billion Muslims around the world; don’t be suckered by a small group of misguided psychopaths. Second, bomb ISIS appropriately. Third, arm the right rebels in Syria—but, in the details, the policy needs to be strengthened. We have armed dozens, rather than thousands, in Syria because we insist that those whom we arm swear that they will not attack Assad. Assad has killed 200,000 civilians. Patriotic Syrians will wage war against that regime. Second, in our bombing, we have a zero civilian casualties policy. We will not hit a tanker truck that carries ISIS oil if it is moving, which means there is a driver in that truck, and that driver might be a civilian. We provide free electricity to ISIScontrolled areas. It is time to get serious about our efforts against ISIS. FACTCHECKING GOP CLAIMS ON THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act is one of the most important pieces of legislation in a generation. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million people have gained health insurance coverage. As this chart shows, the percentage of the population without health insurance is now under 10 percent. That is the first time this has happened in our Nation’s history. Just look at it. The uninsurance rate was steady for many, many years. Then, after the Affordable Care Act was passed, it dropped like a stone. Thanks to the ACA, young people are now able to stay on their parents’ plans. Thanks to the ACA, families who could not get health insurance through their employers can now get it. Thanks to the ACA, people who couldn’t afford health insurance can get subsidies to help them afford it. Thanks to the ACA, people who have what the insurance industry calls preexisting conditions are no longer left high and dry. The ACA has been a lifesaver for people who were previously uninsured. It is a good thing for our economy and a promise kept to our constituents. I would like to wish the ACA, the Affordable Care Act, a very happy anniversary. Look at the chart. f 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota) laid before the House the following privileged concurrent resolution: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the consideration of the concurrent resolution? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reserving my right to object, and Mr. Speaker, I will not ultimately object; but on Thursday or Friday last, I had an extended conversation with the majority 
leader about adjourning. I pointed out to the majority leader at that point in time that there were a number of critical health issues pending that needed to be addressed by this House. Frankly, we should not be adjourning without doing so. Zika is a threat to young women, to young men, and to our populations in Puerto Rico and in the Virgin Islands, and we should have responded to the President’s supplemental request so that it could be effectively responded to. In addition, we still have the ongoing Flint water crisis, caused by the negligence, frankly, of the Governor and the Department of Environmental Quality in Michigan. Thousands of young people have been put at risk. We also, of course, have the opiate addiction crisis with which we ought to be dealing. It is an immediate threat to each and every one of our communities. Lastly, I am pleased that the Speaker and the majority leader are working towards an early consideration, as soon as we get back, of legislation which will allow Puerto Rico to face the financial crisis that confronts it. As I said, Mr. Speaker, I will not object, but it is lamentable that we have not dealt with these four critically important issues before we adjourn. I withdraw my reservation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation is withdrawn. Without objection, the concurrent resolution is concurred in. There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WHEN THE LAW DOES NOT FOLLOW THE CONSTITUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for yielding to me so I may pay tribute to a great, stellar woman from northern California. This can’t be done in a 1minute speech, so a little extra time is very, very fitting in recognition of her work and her life. In rising today, I join with many northstate residents in honoring the life and legacy of Isaac Lowe, an incredible woman and a prominent civil rights leader, who passed away just a few weeks ago in Redding, California. She was born in 1921 in Wharton, Texas. Isaac was the second youngest of nine children, learning early the importance of hard work. She attended Tillotson Business College in Austin, Texas, and Prairie View A&M in Prairie View. It was during a visit to check up on a sick friend in California when she met her future husband, Vernon Lowe, whom she married soon after and started her family in Redding, California. Being an African American woman in the 1940s, unfortunately, racism was no stranger to Isaac. Despite holding a business degree, she was denied jobs because employers chose to judge her skin color rather than her impressive credentials. Isaac did not give up. She started a catering business in Redding, and she eventually became the first Black woman to be hired by the County of Shasta, working in social services for 17 years and helping others. However, Isaac’s most noble work was through her plight to advance racial equality in her own neighborhood. Upon first moving to Redding, all but one of the Black families lived on the same street and were segregated from the community. This was a status quo that she didn’t accept. Isaac joined her husband in founding the Redding chapter of the NAACP and began her 65 year journey of advocating for civil rights and worked very hard in order to hold onto that charter of the NAACP when times got a little leaner back in the seventies. She lobbied city and county lawmakers for safe and affordable housing for Black families. She worked with local school officials for the equal treatment of Black children in the community’s mainly White schools. She fought for fairness and justice under the law for all citizens in the judicial system. She raised funds and successfully sought approval from city hall for the construction of the only Martin Luther King, Jr., community center between Sacramento and Oregon at that time. It was her compassionate advocacy and her resiliency that helped change Shasta County for the better. Some of her most notable accomplishments included being the first Black woman to serve on Shasta County’s grand jury, where she served as a founding member of the Shasta County Citizens Against Racism and was awarded the Redding Citizen of the Year in 1992. Her proudest moment was in getting the Redding City Council members to recognize Martin Luther King Day as a holiday. Her legacy speaks volumes of the person she was and of the impact she had on so many lives. One of the anecdotes I know about her informally is that she was fairly commonly referred to as the ‘‘Rosa Parks of Redding, California.’’ She was a deeply caring friend, a loving wife and mother, and a selfless advocate. I had the chance to meet Isaac personally on different occasions—some positive and one, actually, a very negative occasion, but it was made positive by how the community responded to a very ugly racial incident that took place against a Black family in their home. Many of us in the community joined together in a march in solidarity, protesting, that we were not going to tolerate this in our community in northern California. Isaac was there, being strong but also being that smiling, positive voice. You could see her strength. You could also see the light shining from within her as she advocated for what was right for everybody, really, at the end of the day. If we had more people like her and if we had more harmony instead of the divisiveness that we see so badly affecting this country today, we would be much better off. Northern California has lost a gem, but her legacy will live on, and we all recognize that. I am honored to be able to note that here today on the U.S. House floor and to properly show that. Her legacy even lives on in the papers she published and that are right over here in the Library of Congress, which note some of her work in the past for the NAACP. Indeed, it is a rich legacy that reaches all the way to Washington, D.C. I appreciate my colleague from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for allowing me to make this special tribute to Isaac Lowe today. Mr. GOHMERT. I thank my friend from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). I did not realize I should have been joining in that tribute with the gentleman. Her being born in Wharton, Texas, and going to college in Texas, we share her as a real gem that the Lord provided to both of us. I thank the gentleman for sharing that with us. Mr. Speaker, I had the honor of being allowed to attend oral arguments at the Supreme Court, and I appreciate their staff and their accomodation. Not everybody over there recognizes that there are three independent, coequal branches of government the way the Founders intended, but I am extremely grateful for those who do, and we afford the mutual respect between us. That is a good thing. So, to the clerk of the Court and to Perry and others, I thank you for your accomodation. I am a member of the Supreme Court Bar, which allows attorneys, as far as seating, to come sit in front of the bar, on the side of the bar with the litigants, and to get a real ringside seat— actually, inside the ring. The case today was, actually, a consolidation of a number of cases. Probably most wellknown—probably that should be most wellknown—was the Little Sisters of the Poor. We had representatives from East Texas Baptist University in my district in Marshall, Texas. It is just a super school. They are a religious school, and they are not ashamed, because they are East Texas Baptist University, to teach what religious convictions inform them are the right things to do. They follow the law. The problem is when the law does not follow the Constitution, and that is what has gotten us into the problem that was faced today and is being faced at the Supreme Court. It is amazing. I was telling a group here just recently that, in east Texas, we call it ‘‘common sense,’’ but when I get to Washington, we usually just 
have to call it ‘‘sense’’ because it is not common at all. I found that to be the case at the Supreme Court during oral arguments. I do have great sympathy for all of the eight remaining Justices in this regard. b1200 Once the Supreme Court issues a ruling that clearly violates the Constitution, for all who truly have eyes and truly have ears to hear not clouded by secular humanism, but informed by the Constitution’s words itself, then they see that, when a court rules against the Constitution, violating the Constitution by its very ruling, it creates a terribly difficult situation for itself. Because once the bold, visible lines that are spelled out in the Constitution are violated and erased, the Court is charged with an ongoing impossible task of trying to find a place to redraw those lines. Now, it is unfortunate that some of the Justices—in fact, four of them— kept trying to draw a line in a manner that was not before the Court. They showed themselves to be not necessarily very able jurists who loved justice, but, in fact, very experienced politicians. Because politicians know, if you are wrong on an issue and somebody brings up the issue about which you are wrong, the thing to do is change the subject and make it about something that you are not wrong about. You point to something that is a very difficult question and say that that is a very difficult question and, as good magicians do, divert the attention away from the wrong that you have already done and that you are about to complicate. Mr. Speaker, the wrong about which I speak was the violation by Congress coupled with the violation by the Supreme Court itself. For the first time in our Nation’s history, having the United States Federal Government with all its powers, its guns, its ability to take people’s homes—well, that is the IRS. Most folks can’t take homes. But to just wreak havoc on the well being of a family, of a business, the Federal Government says for the first time: You have to purchase a product. It is required. There is nothing in the Constitution that either allows or encourages the United States Government to order all American citizens to buy a product. As we went through discussion on ObamaCare back during 2009 until it passed in 2010, at first, the President and his minions were saying that, well, clearly this is not a tax. It was a mandate. It says: You must buy a product and, if you don’t comply with our Federal order to buy this product, this health insurance—and it has to be what we say health insurance is, not some idea you have—we will dictate what the health insurance is, and you have to provide it. If you don’t, it is not a tax. There is a penalty for violating the law, the mandatory obligation that we have imposed on every American. Well, nothing allows that and many things prohibit it. Over the years, Members of Congress and even the Supreme Court and Presidents have used the Commerce Clause, that we have the right to control interstate commerce, as the basis for which to get involved in matters of commerce that lie within a State. In this case, Chief Justice Roberts in this part of the opinion very correctly states that, if you allow the Federal Government to say we have jurisdiction to mandate people buy health insurance and not just any health insurance. It has to have the things in it that we dictate, then there is no place you could ever draw a line and say the Commerce Clause does not allow for this and ultimately decided that, under the Commerce Clause, ObamaCare was unconstitutional. Simply citing the fact that everybody, at some point, seeks health care—and most people have some form of health insurance at some point— that does not give the Federal Government the right to come in and take over and even dictate the purchase of a product. We had some in this room and at the other end of this building in the Senate who furthered the argument that this is old news, that the Government has been able to do this for many years. It is called car insurance or automobile insurance. Governments have been requiring insurance and penalizing if you didn’t buy insurance for years. This is not a new concept. The trouble is that was not an appropriate comparison at all. For one thing, that is activity within the State. It was not the Federal Government that required an insurance policy. And there was no mandate that everyone within a State had to have that car insurance. Courts have long held that driving on a highway built by the State or Federal Government or county is a privilege. You do not have a constitutional right to drive a car on a government road. But if you choose to drive a car, a vehicle, on a government road, in that case, then you must have insurance. The difference is driving on a road is a privilege. In the case of ObamaCare, the Federal Government said just breathing, walking around living or even lying prostrate in your bed, even if you are confined to your bed—it doesn’t matter—just being a living person we will say under our Constitution is a privilege that the government giveth and the government taketh away. Therefore, we are saying that, if you are going to exist, breathe, live, you must have health insurance, and not just any health insurance. It has to have the provisions we say and those will not necessarily include the things you need in your life. We, as the omniscient, ubiquitous government—of course, it may be more ubiquitous than we know—we have a right to tell you what is good for you and what isn’t. Once the government can tell you what you have to have or have not in the way of health care, they have the right to control your life. So it was interesting, for one thing, that, in this case, the government had conceded that these were sincerely, deeply held religious beliefs of all the plaintiffs. So that was not an issue. It was not an issue like some people who were trying to dodge the draft, except for religious purposes when sometimes it was and sometimes it was not. It was conceded in this case all of the deeply held religious beliefs were very sincere by the litigants. I heard something I don’t know that I have heard before in a Supreme Court argument when Justice Sotomayor made a statement of fact about the case. One of the litigants who may not have been politically astute, but, apparently, accurate, said that, factually, Justice Sotomayor, that is just not the case. That is just not true here. Where four of the Justices showed incredible aptitude for being politicians and not Justices, they diverted attention—as I said, good magicians do this. Good politicians do this. They diverted attention away from the real problem and diverted away from the actual question before the Court and kept digging and pointing to a question that was not before the Court. That point was that the four Justices kept wanting to talk about objections to objecting on the basis of religious beliefs. They kept wanting to talk about the difficulty in drawing lines, that: ‘‘Gee, what do we do if the plaintiffs or the defendants’’—the litigants in the particular case—subjects would probably be more accurate under ObamaCare— the subjects of the United States—it used to be U.S. citizens—‘‘are not objecting to objecting on the basis of religious beliefs?’’ That has come up in cases before where someone would say: ‘‘I believe my religious belief is so personal. You should not make me object on the basis of religious beliefs because then I would have to reveal what my religious beliefs are and that is none of your business. So we object to objecting.’’ So the four most liberal Justices kept wanting to talk about: ‘‘But where do we draw the line in this issue if there is an objection to objecting on the basis of religious grounds?’’ The able attorneys for the American subjects to the fastgrowing monarchy here in the United States kept trying to bring them back to what was before the Court: ‘‘Justices, none of these clients, none of the litigants, object to objecting on religious grounds. They have no problem with objecting on religious grounds. They have objected on 
religious grounds. They filed objections both administratively and in court when they filed for injunction. They have had no problem objecting to objecting on the basis of religious beliefs. So that is not really an issue.’’ Once again, when Justices are in the wrong, they don’t want to talk about the issue before the Court. They want to talk about the issue that is not before the Court. Let’s talk about how many angels you might could get on the head of a needle. Let’s talk about anything but the elephant in the room. The real elephant in the room and the reason for which I have sympathy for all eight Justices is that, once they violated the Constitution by saying ObamaCare was constitutional, they created so many scenarios that are going to be nightmares for the Court to try to figure out where we stop the flood as it overwhelms the rights of Americans. It is just a massive—like that 1950s movie or maybe it was early ’60s—‘‘The Blob.’’ You just couldn’t stop it. It would go out one place and come out another. And that is the problem when the Supreme Court violates the Constitution in the case of ObamaCare, saying: You can dictate to American citizens. You can make them American subjects to this allpowerful, dictatorial Federal Government. You can tell them what to buy. You can punish them for not buying it. And, of course, we know that—although Chief Justice Roberts was exactly right and on point when he said: Gee, if you try to use the Commerce Clause, jurisdiction over interstate commerce, to justify the takeover of health care and a mandate to buy something the Federal Government says you have to buy, then there is no limit ever that can be drawn on the Commerce Clause. b1215 So it is not constitutional under the Commerce Clause. It certainly appeared accurate when Chief Justice Roberts went through an explanation of the initial issue that they had to take up on ObamaCare, and that was the antiinjunction statute, which basically requires that, before a litigant in Federal court can have standing to be before the court and if it involves a tax, then the litigant must be someone against whom the tax has already been levied and the tax has already been paid. Only if the tax has been levied against the litigant and the tax has been paid do the courts recognize standing by that litigant to be before the court to make argument over any complaint. So they had to deal with that issue because not only does a litigant not have standing to even stay in court if they are arguing about a tax and the tax has not been levied and the tax has not been paid, but the Federal court itself has no jurisdiction to even hear the controversy until the tax is levied and the tax is paid. So Chief Justice Roberts had the difficult problem of investigating and ruling on whether or not the mandate and the penalty that comes if you don’t purchase what is required by the Federal Government—is that a penalty or is that a tax? Because if it is a tax, the law is very clear. We will have to rule that the plaintiffs do not have standing and their case be thrown out. And, similarly, we will rule that the Court does not have jurisdiction. The case, as it is said in court, is not ripe for litigation. So it will have to be thrown out. If the court found that the penalty imposed by the Federal Government for not being a loyal American subject and buying a product that the monarchy or the growing dictatorship here says you have to buy—if it is a penalty, then you can come to court. We do have jurisdiction, and you do have standing. So Chief Justice Roberts went through and ably explained how Congress called it a penalty. At that time, of course, the Democrats were in the majority here in the House as well as the Senate. The Democratic leadership, the Democratic supporters in favor of ObamaCare, had made it clear this is a penalty. Chief Justice Roberts cited that, that Congress should know better than anyone else whether this is a penalty or it is a tax. Because if it is a penalty, again, the litigant can be here and have standing. We have got jurisdiction. But if it is a tax, we have to throw it out. We can’t hear the case, not now. He said Congress should know better than anyone. They decided it was a penalty. Not only that, but it really does appear to be a penalty because ObamaCare says: You have to buy insurance and you have to buy a product we say is okay. You can’t buy what you want. You have to buy what we say you must buy. And if you don’t do that, we will impose a financial penalty on you. I am hearing more and more young people who are really perplexed: Yes. The government is giving me a subsidy to help me pay for my insurance, but my insurance has 5, 6, 7, $8,000 of a threshold that I have to meet before it ever helps me with a dime of insurance help. So am I better off getting the government subsidy, paying all this money that is really making my life miserable, or should I go ahead and pay the new income tax that I have added on to me for not having insurance as is dictated? I think Chief Justice Roberts came to a proper conclusion. This truly is a penalty. It is not a tax because it is only paid if you violate the mandate that the Federal Government dictated. So, clearly, it is a penalty. So there at page 1415 of the opinion, Chief Justice Roberts concludes: Okay. Congress says it is a penalty. It obviously is a penalty. If you don’t want to pay the penalty, then buy the insurance. You won’t have the penalty. It is clearly a penalty. Since it is a penalty, the AntiInjunction Act does not apply. Therefore, the plaintiffs do have standing, and not only do they have standing, but this court has jurisdiction. Now, because it is a penalty and not a tax, we have jurisdiction. So now we will proceed to consider the primary cause before us, whether or not the Federal Government can mandate for the first time in history that all of the American people buy a product that it dictates. Then he went through and determined, if you say the Commerce Clause justifies Federal jurisdiction here, then the Commerce Clause has no limits, has no meaning. And we choose to find that the Commerce Clause has meaning. Therefore, this is unconstitutional under the Commerce Clause. But, then again, about 40 pages after he says it is not a tax, it is a penalty, Chief Justice Roberts plays the mental gymnastics of arriving at saying: You know what. It turns out this really is not a penalty. It is a tax. And since it is a tax, a majority of us will find that it is constitutional. And so the Federal Government can impose a mandate requiring that all American citizens be loyal subjects, subject to the dictatorship here in Washington, buy whatever product we tell them to buy. And all of that is because the Supreme Court rewrote the law and called it a tax. That is why the Supreme Court is struggling the way it is today. Because when you create an abomination, you violate the Constitution to the extent, you violate your conscience the way it was before it got so clouded with politics. You violate the Constitution and then you create the kind of mess that is before the Supreme Court today. It is incredible to sit and listen to the Supreme Court struggling over this issue of just how far we can go to violate someone’s religious beliefs. I didn’t hear any one of the Justices refer to the First Amendment, that the government will establish no religion and not violate—or not prohibit the free exercise thereof. My friend, KEITH ROTHFUS , a fellow Member of Congress, was sitting beside me. He got sworn in as a member of the Supreme Court bar today. KEITH ROTHFUS was pointing out that, in one of the prior Supreme Court decisions back in the 1960s, they actually had a footnote where they listed a lot of the religions that they found currently in the United States. It was a fairly full list. But one of the religions in the United States recognized by the Supreme Court in the early 1960s was secular humanism. As KEITH ROTHFUS and I agreed, we have now come to the point where we are violating the First Amendment of the Constitution. And not only are we violating the restraint against the Federal Government prohibiting the free exercise of religion, as it is doing for East Texas Baptist University, Houston Baptist University, Little Sisters of the Poor, 
so many organizations that are religious in nature, but they have violated the part that said we will have no establishment of religion. The Founders were thinking specifically about the Church of England and how the King didn’t like the way the Vatican was ruling. And so he just created his own church, the Church of England. He said: Everybody has got to participate in my church now. They didn’t want that to ever happen where the government of the land could dictate the religion that people had to practice. Yet, that is what the Supreme Court has now done because it has now recognized secular humanism—not just recognized, but established secular humanism—as the State sponsored religion in America. With the ruling last summer, the Supreme Court, in effect, said: Since the 1960s, we have been limiting people’s ability to use the word God, to pray to God, to read God’s word, the Bible. We have been prohibiting that for 40 or so years, 50 years maybe, and we have been protecting what Moses said was the Word of God and what Jesus said was the Word of God for far too long. They basically established secular humanism as the official religion of the United States. By their pronouncement, they were saying to forget what Moses said God said, forget what Jesus said. When Jesus actually was asked about marriage and divorce, he quoted Moses verbatim: A man shall leave his father and mother, a woman leave her home. The two will become one flesh. Then Jesus added, not just quoting Moses as to what Moses said God said about marriage: And what God has joined together, let nobody take apart. The Supreme Court last summer said: The effect of the ruling is not only can you not talk about God publicly or pray or read the Bible, thank God we have speech and debate clause privileges here on this floor where I am actually free to even mention the word God. We pray every day to start our official day here in session. But the Supreme Court ruled, in effect: We are your God. The five of us in the majority of the Supreme Court are now your God. Forget what we said in our prior decisions about marriage. It was not mentioned in the Constitution. Therefore, under the 10th Amendment, it is reserved to the States and the people. Forget the fact that we have talked before about the States will decide what marriage is. Forget our ruling on DOMA, the Defense of Marriage Act, passed by Congress, where we made very clear that the States only have the right to decide what marriage is. Forget all that. Now we five majority Justices are your God. And forget the fact that we—at least two of us have violated the Federal law in order to reach this decision. Because the Federal law is very clear. If a judge—a Federal judge, magistrate, Justice might have their impartiality—his or her impartiality questioned, then they should disqualify—they shall disqualify themselves from sitting on the case. So we had two Justices. Not only was their opinion and their impartiality in question, there was actually no question that they were not impartial because they had both participated in samesex wedding ceremonies. And Justice Ginsburg, who is a very nice lady, actually said—as Maureen Dowd pointed out in her article, she emphasized as she pronounced them married by virtue of the laws of the—and she said she really hammered the words—by the Constitution of the United States. b1230 So, clearly, we had Justice Kagan and Justice Ginsburg perform samesex marriages before they were not impartial. The law required them to disqualify themselves. I have had some people say: Well, wouldn’t it have disqualified any of the other judges if they had ever participated in a marriage between a man and a woman? The answer is very easily and clearly no, because that was the law. The question is: Can a government prohibit samesex marriage? It was samesex marriage that was before the court, not can a government prohibit marriage between a man and a woman. If the question had been: Can a government prohibit marriage between a man and a woman, then that might be a different story. But that was not the issue before the court. Two Justices were disqualified. They had made their opinion clearly known in advance. There were other judges who had been asked, as I understand it, to do weddings, but they said: No, that might create a question of my impartiality and would require me to disqualify myself. Well, their participation did certainly disqualify them. They refused to disqualify themselves. So two Justices, as a minimum, were disqualified as they participated in the majority of five. So when you have an unconstitutional ruling by the United States Supreme Court, when the Chief Justice has to commit to the mental gymnastics, the looptheloops that he has to try to do to get around saying the mandate to purchase a policy that carries a penalty, is a penalty, and then over here we know he said it is a penalty over there, but now we are saying it is a tax, not a penalty, they created a nightmare for any legitimate judge with a conscience in trying to decide: Now that we have blown apart any constitutional lines, where do we draw the lines now? It is rather tragic. Justice Kennedy was questioning one of the religious litigant’s attorneys and made the statement, basically, that the court would find it very hard to write an opinion saying that if we give an exemption to a church, we then have to give it to all other religious institutions. Well, that statement deeply troubled me as well because it means that Justice Kennedy does not understand the constitutional prohibition in the First Amendment. You are not on the Supreme Court or in Congress or in the Presidency to ever establish a religion. And it has been established. It is called secular humanism, which the Supreme Court has recognized as a religion. That is what is being established now. You are also not to prohibit the free exercise of religion. When the Supreme Court gets to the point, as Justice Kennedy is, that we on this court—at least a majority—will find it very hard to say that if you are not a part of a church and acting as that church, then you have no right to practice any of your religious beliefs that five of us don’t like, that is tragic. I keep coming back to that prophetic statement by Benjamin Franklin when he was asked after the Constitutional Convention by a dear lady: What did you give us? ‘‘A republic, madam, if you can keep it.’’ Why would he say ‘‘if you can keep it?’’ The reason he said that is—as he knew—the nature of government is to take more and more power and authority over individual rights and individual liberties. And in order to keep a republic, as Ben Franklin called it, you have to teach generation after generation that there are responsibilities that come with citizenship. Because if you don’t live up to those responsibilities, you will lose the republic, madam. You can’t keep it. We have done a miserable job of teaching the next generation about how you would keep a republic. Instead of being taught, as I was, in school the dangers of socialism, the dangers of communism, and that it always has to result in a dictatorship or a totalitarian government, that it requires people’s rights be taken away, our Founders say that we have to recognize these rights are a gift from our Creator, from God, because if we say they are a gift of the government, then what the government giveth, the government can taketh away. We have legislators and judges who have not been properly educated on the manner in which you keep a republic, madam. It really has been heartbreaking when very smart young people ask sincerely: I understand socialism is supposed to be wrong, communism is supposed to be wrong, but it really sounds nice. Can you explain why it would be wrong? Because I don’t get it. It sounds nice. As the New Testament Church started out, as the Pilgrims’ Compact started out, you bring into the common storehouse, and then you share and share alike. You share from those according to their ability to those according to their need. Of course, more than one parent has explained socialism to their children 
by saying: Look, you got an A. I know how hard you were working every night doing your homework, but your friend over here got a C. I saw her out partying a lot of times when you were here studying. And she is not maybe quite as smart as you are, so she got a C, you got an A. The socialist notion is that we have to give everybody a B. So we will make this A a B, we will make this C a B, and everybody will feel better for it. Mr. Speaker, I have shared this before, but it was such a lesson to me as an exchange student to the Soviet Union being out at a collective farm. The farmers were sitting in the shade in midmorning, when anybody back home in east Texas knows that—especially in July, like it was—you start early and you try to finish early before the sun gets too hot. It is midmorning. This is prime time to be working before it gets too hot. And here are all the farmers sitting in the shade in the middle of their village. Trying to use the best Russian I could—I had 2 years, which meant I could converse ably with a 4yearold— I asked: When do you work out in the field? I couldn’t tell what they cultivated and didn’t. It all looked brown. None of it looked very good. I would have expected in Texas that those fields would have been green, looking good, and the weeds out. You couldn’t tell what was weeds and what wasn’t. I said: When do you work out in the field? They laughed, and I thought I must not have translated that right. Then one of them said in Russian, basically: I make the same number of rubles if I am out there in the field in the sun or if I am here in the shade. So I am here in the shade. I have carried that with me all these years. That is why socialism can’t work. It is why socialism or communism—again, bringing all into the common storehouse, share and sharing alike—can never work on this Earth, in this world. Because the only way you will ever have share and share alike, as they found out in the New Testament Church, the only way you can make it work is if you have a totalitarian government that says: you will do what we say. And then there goes your freedoms. So the only way to have the maximum amount of freedom is to have a selfgoverning republic so people can govern themselves by electing people that they have interviewed, they have read all about, done plenty of research on, and then they come forward on hiring day—otherwise known as election day—and they vote to hire the person that they want for their public servant. That is the way it is supposed to work. People have not obliged themselves of the need that in order to keep a republic, you have to do the research on the candidates that have applied for your job. You have a requirement, a need, for you to actually come out and vote. Look, I get it. There are so many I have heard from that are disenfranchised voters. They say: We hear about all these people. John Fund has a great book out on the fraud that has been in so many of our modern elections that is not being dealt with, despite what the government says. It is a great book. People find out there is fraud. Since they didn’t have to have a photo ID like you have to have to buy cigarettes or alcohol or get on a plane or anything else, you can manipulate the system, you can vote more than one time. My friend from south Texas told me about some of the people who were illegally in the country being approached with voter registration forms, saying: Fill these out. If you don’t want to use your own address here, just use one central address. You can all use the same address. Some of them were worried about showing an ID. They will figure out we are illegally in this country and we are not supposed to vote. They were assured: No, no. President Obama’s lawyer—Eric Holder at that time—has gotten a judge to rule that they can’t require an ID and, therefore, all you have to do is fill this out. But if you don’t fill this out, then Republicans are going to take away your welfare, they are going to take away your health care, and they are going to try to make you leave the country. So you have got to fill this out. And even though it is illegal, there is nothing wrong with doing it. You will get the voter registration card in the mail to the address you give them, and then you just go vote and that is all you have to show them. Thankfully, we have voter ID now in Texas. But there are so many people who have been disenfranchised, because they say: There is so much voter fraud going on. Why should I even bother? My vote doesn’t count like somebody that votes more than once. We are in grave danger of losing this republic. We are not going to keep it much longer the way we are going. We haven’t educated future generations to how you go about keeping a selfgoverning republic. Some have been miseducated to think socialism, which has failed every single time it has ever been tried—it will always fail. We haven’t educated them about the truth of freedom and what is required to keep it. Justice Scalia told a group from my hometown that was here that the reason we are the most free Nation in history is not because we had the best Bill of Rights, but because the Founders didn’t trust government. They wanted gridlock. They wanted it as difficult as possible to pass laws, because with the passage of every law is the risk that some freedom will be taken away by the Big Government. b1245 The Founders knew that, and they made it hard to pass laws. That is not a bad thing. It is a good thing. But when he mentioned that the Soviet Union had a better bill of rights than we had, I remembered, I did a paper back in college when I was at Texas A&M. After I had visited the Soviet Union as an exchange student, I wrote a paper on their system. But I had done a paper on their bill of rights, their Constitution. I was shocked at the extent of the rights that were guaranteed to the Soviet Union citizens. I was also surprised to find that, in the early sixties, the Premier, Khrushchev, in the Soviet Union, had set up a commission, because those that had truly been educated on the different forms of government and governing know that, actually, true communism is only when there is no government, that it is like reaching for nirvana. You eventually reach the point where everybody is so sharing and so giving— taking from their ability, giving to the need—they are so giving that you don’t even need a government anymore. So Khrushchev set up a commission basically charged with coming up with a plan to reach that ultimate goal where someday there will be no government and we will have true communism in its purest form, no government, everyone giving, sharing, lovingly. And I read that, after a couple of years of that commission trying to figure out, ‘‘How are we ever going to come up with a plan that eventuates in having no government and everybody always sharing equally? How are we going to ever pull that off?’’ they couldn’t come up with a way to reach that in this world, in this life, and so Khrushchev disbanded the commission. There was no way to get there. They were right. If you are going to have communism or socialism, you are going to have to have a totalitarian government, whether it is an individual dictator or a political group like they have or used to have at the Kremlin. You have got to have ruling autocrats, an oligarch, monarch, in order to force everybody to take from those who have worked hard, according to their ability, and giving to those who either can’t work or choose not to work. The only way you can maximize freedoms is when people in the country understand what Franklin understood: you have got a republic if you can keep it. We are not being vigilant to keep our Republic, and that is why so many are desperate now as they vote for a Presidential candidate. And even Christian friends have said, you know, I understand there is a time and place for a David with a slingshot, complete faith in God, and a clear great ability with a slingshot. I know there is a time for that. But right now, our freedoms have been so badly eroded, we are losing the government. We are having people come in and start voting without understanding how you preserve a republic. We are losing the country. We are losing the melting pot that we once were, welcoming people 
from all over and coming together and being molded into one thing, not a hyphenated American, but an American. We are losing that. You see many voters standing in lines now. They didn’t used to ever do this, stand in line for hours. You found people do that in Africa when they are finally afforded an opportunity to vote for the first time in their lives. But now, in America, some people are waiting hours to vote because they see that we have not been vigilant in protecting our Republic, and just as Franklin worried, we are about to lose it. We are already losing it when the government can dictate that individuals buy a product, when the government can say you can only practice your religious beliefs if you are within the confines of a church, but if you are an individual, like the Founders were, who held tightly to their religious beliefs—they talked about it as they passed legislation; they talked about it as they created our Constitution—the Supreme Court is now saying: Secular humanism is what we must have; it is what we demand. And since we are in charge and we are moving toward being socialistic, you have got to have an oligarchy, and we are it. Obviously, they don’t say it in those words, but that is what their actions say, and that is why, when a Justice says: Well, this Court would find it very hard to write an opinion saying that we were moving the line from beyond a church and extending that line out to other religious institutions— like the Little Sisters of the Poor, these wonderful, superb Christian women who have given their lives doing what Jesus said, ministering to others, feeding His sheep, ministering to their physical needs, their healthcare needs—and the Supreme Court says: We have a lot of trouble. See, they are not actually a church. They are a religious institution, and we are going to have a hard time writing an opinion that moves the line to protect religious opinions. My word, shouldn’t have any trouble drawing a line at individuals. Any individual in the United States of America who has a deeply held, sincerely held religious belief, it was meant to be protected, unless it is completely anathema to our Constitution. Sharia law is anathema; and to the extent that some believe they should replace our Constitution with their sharia law, then that is treason if they are here in this country. But otherwise, their religious belief should be recognized, and God help us if the Court doesn’t do it right. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to Senate Concurrent Resolution 34, 114th Congress, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until Monday, April 11, 2016, at 3:30 p.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4724. A bill to repeal the program of block grants to States for social services; with an amendment (Rept. 114–462). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4618. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114– 463). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3937. A bill to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’; with amendments (Rept. 114–464). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 223. A bill to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–465). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3030. A bill to direct the Commandant of the Coast Guard to convey certain property from the United States to the City of Baudette, Minnesota; with an amendment (Rept. 114–466). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 120. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony (Rept. 114–467). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resoluton 119. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (Rept. 114–468). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resoluton 117. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition (Rept. 114–469). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: Committee on the Budget. House Concurrent Resolution 125. Resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026 (Rept. 114–470). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1671. A bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects (Rept. 114–471). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3023. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–472). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3340. A bill to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–473). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3791. A bill to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–474). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4723. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the recovery of improper overpayments resulting from certain Federally subsidized health insurance; with an amendment (Rept. 114–475). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4722. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require inclusion of the taxpayer’s social security number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 476). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2947. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institution in bankruptcy; with an amendment (Rept. 114–477). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. KEATING ): H.R. 4841. A bill to establish programs for health care provider training in Federal health care and medical facilities, to establish Federal coprescribing guidelines, to establish a grant program with respect to naloxone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK (for herself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. MOORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. HONDA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, and Mr. POLIS): H.R. 4842. A bill to amend the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, to enable the payment of certain officers and employees of the United States whose employment is authorized under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. K LINE, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. POLIS, and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.R. 4843. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to require certain monitoring and oversight, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. POLIS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. TEDLIEUof California): H.R. 4844. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to revise the regulations relating to certain drivers of commercial motor vehicles involved in oilfield operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. BARLETTA ): H.R. 4845. A bill to amend the student loan forgiveness program in the Higher Education Act of 1965 to include a greater number of disabled veterans and to facilitate the automatic transfer to the Secretary of Education of information regarding veterans eligible for student loan forgiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4846. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 4847. A bill to repeal the Cuban Adjustment Act, Public Law 89732, to provide that certain Cuban entrants are ineligible to receive refugee assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 4848. A bill to delay and suspend implementation of a comprehensive care for joint replacement (CJR) payment model for episodebased payment for lower extremity joint replacement (LEJR) under the Medicare program in a budget neutral manner; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 4849. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to reform the work requirements for ablebodied adults without dependents; and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself, Mr. MESSER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. ROYCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): H.R. 4850. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain microofferings from the registration requirements of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and Mr. LARSEN of Washington): H.R. 4851. A bill to enhance electronic warfare capabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 4852. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Regulation D relating to exemptions from registration requirements for certain sales of securities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 4853. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to revise certain accreditation requirements applied under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 4854. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 4855. A bill to amend provisions in the securities laws relating to regulation crowdfunding to raise the dollar amount limit and to clarify certain requirements and exclusions for funding portals established by such Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. FORBES , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. BABIN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. OLSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. R OGERS  of Alabama, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. HUELSKAMP ): H.R. 4856. A bill to make aliens associated with a criminal gang inadmissible, deportable, and ineligible for various forms of relief; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. BROWN of Florida, Ms. L EE, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T HOMP SON of Mississippi, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, and Mr. F ATTAH ): H.R. 4857. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a program to make grants to promote innovations at historically Black colleges and universities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4858. A bill to provide a declaration of nonnavigability for the central Delaware River, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4859. A bill to extend the declaration of nonnavigability in perpetuity for Rivercenter, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. KEATING , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. POLIS, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. LOWENTHAL ): H.R. 4860. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish the United States  Israel Cybersecurity Center of Excellence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 4861. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to health centers to expand access to evidence based substance abuse treatment services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 4862. A bill to determine the feasibility of additional agreements for longterm use of existing or expanded nonFederal storage and conveyance facilities to augment Federal water supply, ecosystem, and operational flexibility benefits in certain areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 4863. A bill to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to Master Sergeant Roddie Edmonds of the United States Army for acts of valor during World War II; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself, Mrs. WALORSKI , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. DINGELL , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Mrs. N OEM): H.R. 4864. A bill to revise the crime of sexual assault under Article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice to include committing a sexual act upon another person by using position, rank, or authority to obtain compliance by the other person; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 4865. A bill to ensure the development and responsible stewardship of nanotechnology; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOLLY (for himself and Mr. BILIRAKIS ): H.R. 4866. A bill to delay increases in flood insurance premium rates for certain properties for 12 months, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California): H.R. 4867. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide further tax incentives for dependent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 4868. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a business credit for investments in rural microbusinesses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for himself, Mr. ZINKE, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. WESTMORELAND , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. SHIMKUS , and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 4869. A bill to require a comprehensive regional strategy to destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and its affiliates; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. COHEN , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina): H.R. 4870. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the establishment of Promise Zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. BASS, Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. HAHN): H.R. 4871. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of portions of the Los Angeles coastal area in the State of California to evaluate alternatives for protecting the resources of the coastal area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 4872. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the American opportunity tax credit to support college savings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. MAC ARTHUR , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): H.R. 4873. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require each institution of higher education to describe how it spends tuition and fees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. D OLD, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. GUINTA , and Mr. M ULVANEY ): H.R. 4874. A bill to require that States receiving grants under the Harold Rogers Prescription Drug Monitoring Program set aside sufficient amounts to facilitate electronic information sharing among States in compliance with the Prescription Monitoring Information Exchange National Architecture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4875. A bill to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H.R. 4876. A bill to authorize the establishment of programs to prevent prescription 
drug abuse under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. GRANGER , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. FLORES , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. V ELA, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, and Mr. VEASEY ): H.R. 4877. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 4878. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare Better Care Program to provide integrated care for Medicare beneficiaries with chronic conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 4879. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to condition a State’s receipt of funds for a drinking water treatment revolving loan fund on such State carrying out a program to test for lead in drinking water for schools; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. O LSON , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. C ULBER SON, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. M EADOWS ): H.R. 4880. A bill to prohibit any regulation, rule, guidance, recommendation, or policy issued after May 15, 2015, that limits the sale or donation of excess property of the Federal Government to State and local agencies for law enforcement activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 4881. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to require that supplemental nutrition assistance benefits be used to purchase supplemental foods that are eligible for purchase under section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (commonly known as the WIC program) and certain additional foods; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 4882. A bill to establish the Ce ´sar Cha´vez National Historical Park in the States of California and Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4883. A bill to prohibit the Department of State from obligating or expending any funds to hire a contractor to deliver interactive, professional training seminars for seniorlevel officials on effective congressional testimony and briefing skills, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4884. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to place an annual cap on support provided through the Lifeline program of the Federal Communications Commission and to provide for certain other requirements relating to such program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. H OLDING, Mr. R EED, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. MARCHANT ): H.R. 4885. A bill to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4886. A bill to require purchasers of prepaid mobile devices or SIM cards to provide identification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VISCLOSKY: H.R. 4887. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 4888. A bill to provide a path to end homelessness in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YODER (for himself, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. POMPEO ): H.R. 4889. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to provide call location information concerning the telecommunications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or serious physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALKER: H. Con. Res. 126. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that Cuba should issue a state of apology and agree to cease human rights violations in order for any embargo or economic restraints to be lifted; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H. Res. 660. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives to support the territorial integrity of Georgia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. PIERLUISI , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. P ETERS ): H. Res. 661. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should fulfill its constitutional obligation to provide full and fair consideration of the President’s nominee for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. H AHN, Mr. V ELA, Ms. N ORTON, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. MOORE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. TORRES , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Ms. LEE, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. HONDA , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. L ORETTA  SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S IRES, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M ENG, Mr. BECERRA , and Mr. K ILDEE ): H. Res. 662. A resolution recognizing March 31 as ‘‘Ce´sar Cha´vez Day’’ in honor of the accomplishments and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, and Mr. T AKANO ): H. Res. 663. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Middle Level Education Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HONDA (for himself and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H. Res. 664. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the American Educational Research Association (AERA), the largest national interdisciplinary research association devoted to the scientific study of education and learning, celebrating its achievements, and expressing support for the designation of April 8, 2016, as ‘‘National Education Research Day’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. MASSIE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H. Res. 665. A resolution commending the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, John Sopko, and his office for their efforts in providing accountability for taxpayer dollars spent in Afghanistan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California (for herself and Mr. COOK): H. Res. 666. A resolution expressing support for designation of a ‘‘Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H. Res. 667. A resolution expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. LEWIS): H. Res. 668. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that philanthropy is an integral partner to government with a unique and proven ability to foster innovation, strengthen civil society, and build thriving communities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
184. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 92, expressing support for the western states of the United States and the federal transfer of public lands to these western states, and urging the Congress to engage in good faith communication and cooperation concerning the coordination of the transfer of title to those western states; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 185. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, relative to a Senate Resolution requesting the Congress of the United States to adopt H.J. Res. 58; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 4863. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5. To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 4864. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, Clauses 12, 14 and 18, which give Congress the power to ‘‘To raise and support Armies,’’ ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces,’’ and ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 4865. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 4866. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4867. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 4868. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall orginate in the House of Representatives’’ By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: H.R. 4869. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 4870. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4871. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 4872. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4873. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article 1, Section 5, Clause 2 and Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 4877. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 4878. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 4879. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 4880. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 4881. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 4882. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4883. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4884. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 4885. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause [1] and Article I, Section 9, Clause [7] By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4886. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. VISCLOSKY: H.R. 4887. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 9 Clause 7 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To establish Post Offices and post Roads; By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 4888. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. YODER: H.R. 4889. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3, The Congress shal have power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defence and the general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 174: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 329: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 563: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 590: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 592: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 605: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 612: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 664: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 793: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 825: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 846: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 888: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 897: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 921: Mr. COLE. H.R. 923: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 952: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 953: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. Z INKE, and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 969: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 973: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 980: Mr. FINCHER . H.R. 986: Mr. LANCE , Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey, and Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 1019: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 1111: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1206: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 1271: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 1343: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1347: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1399: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 1482: Mr. GRAYSON . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 1567: Mr. ZELDIN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 1602: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 1608: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1643: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1655: Mr. BUTTERFIELD and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 1708: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1733: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1769: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 1774: Mr. HURTof Virginia. H.R. 1779: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 1882: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1934: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 2254: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2411: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 2450: Mr. SCHRADER and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2649: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 2737: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 2799: Mr. AMODEI , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2817: Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 2896: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. F LORES , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. YOHO, and Mr. S ANFORD . H.R. 2902: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2903: Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2948: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 3029: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 3084: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 3105: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 3226: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3235: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3355: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3514: Mr. CLAY, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3559: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 3666: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3684: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3713: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 3808: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 3818: Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 3917: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 4006: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4073: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. KNIGHT , and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 4177: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 4229: Mr. WALBERG . H.R..4235: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4301: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 4323: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4335: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 4435: Ms. LEE. H.R. 4442: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4475: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4480: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4481: Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. ROYCE , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 4485: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4501: Mr. POMPEO and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 4532: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. B UCK. H.R. 4534: Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ARTER  of Texas, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. P ETERSON , MR. VELA, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4538: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4570: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4577: Mr. JONES and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4592: Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. T HOMP SONof California. H.R. 4611: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4625: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 4626: Mr. PAULSEN and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4633: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4651: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 4654: Mr. CARNEY and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 4662: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 4683: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 4694: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. L EE, and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4712: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4715: Mrs. WALORSKI , H.R. 4730: Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. HOLDING , Mr. I SSA, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. P ITTS. H.R. 4764: Mr. GALLEGO and Mr. F ORBES . H.R. 4768: Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R OSS, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. FORBES , and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 4770: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4785: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4803: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4807: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 4820: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. LATTA . H.R. 4822: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 393: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H. Res. 451: Mr. MARCHANT . H. Res. 540: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Res. 567: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 591: Mr. HARRIS and Mrs. B USTOS . H. Res. 634: Mr. POMPEO , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 647: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. KUSTER , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. L EVIN. H. Res. 651: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. L IPINSKI. H. Res. 658: Mr. CICILLINE and Ms. DUCKWORTH . H. Res. 659: Mr. RANGEL . f 
54. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Council of the City of New York, New York, relative to Resolution No. 939–A, calling upon Congress to pass and the President to sign S. 1766 and H.R. 3068, the Restore Honor to Service Members Act; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Delmas L. Taylor, who has served as Registrar of Voters for Livingston Parish in my home state of Louisiana since October 1, 1997. Delmas is retiring today from a dedicated career of public service to his parish and to all of Louisiana. In 1976, Delmas took his first job with the Livingston Parish government where he worked for more than 20 years before being elected Registrar of Voters. For 20 more years after that, he faithfully executed his duties as Registrar of Voters, ensuring that citizens across the parish could access the information necessary to participate in our great democratic process. Today on behalf of Livingston Parish and the state of Louisiana, I express gratitude to Delmas for his years of service and for a job well done. 
HONORING CAROL BAUER ON 50 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE VILLAGE OF LOMBARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor a distinguished public servant, Carol Bauer, for 50 years of service to the Village of Lombard. Carol has dedicated her life to Lombard and her service is a truly impressive feat. She serves as a role model for us all and as proof that one dedicated person can change the lives of many. In 1966, Carol started full time for the village of Lombard as a fire and police dispatcher. Since that time she has had the role of Executive Secretary and coordinator for the Lombard Blood Drive, and has been an asset to numerous presidents, managers, and board members, who have been a part of Lombard Village Hall. While working full time for her community, Carol took over the Village’s blood drive in 1993. At the time, the village hosted two blood drives per year and usually collected 25 to 30 pints of blood. Carol believed they could do better and wanted to save people’s lives so she dedicated herself to the cause. Now the Village hosts five blood drives per year and collects approximately 200 pints per drive. In 2013, Carol was named the most dedicated blood coordinator in Illinois by Heartland Blood Centers. Since her days as a dispatcher, Carol has never stopped working to improve her community and has no plans of stopping on account of her 50th anniversary. When asked if she was retiring, she said, ‘‘Oh, no. I am not. It’s such a big part of my life. If I can make some little dent in the community, some little mark that something is better, then I want to continue doing that.’’ Through hard work and no small amount of perseverance, Carol Bauer has helped countless people and tremendously improved her community. Distinguished Members, please join me in congratulating Carol on 50 years of service and many more to come. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements of an Arkansas legend, Mr. Dwight Witcher. Dwight has been named the 2016 Faulkner County Veteran of the Year. Dwight was a marine in Vietnam and continued serving in the Mediterranean and out of Subic Bay in the Philippines. Dwight’s dedication to this country did not end after he left the military. He has been a strong and steady voice for veterans in Arkansas for decades. He served two years as the Marine Corps League Department of Arkansas Commandant and serves as president of the Arkansas Veterans Coalition. He also currently sits on the Board of Directors for the Arkansas Military Hall of Fame. I would like to extend my congratulations to Dwight and his family for this very deserving award. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE COMMEMORATION CEREMONY FOR VIETNAM VETERANS AT THE JACKSONVILLE NATIONAL CEMETERY IN JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the veterans who served our country during the Vietnam War. On March 29, 2016, a Commemoration of the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War will be held at the Jacksonville National Cemetery as part of a 13year program to honor and give thanks to the men and women who defended freedom in Vietnam. The Vietnam War was one of the longest conflicts American forces have known and one of the most deadly. Before the war ended in 1975, over 58,000 Americans would die and another 304,000 would be wounded. We do not have to relate those statistics to our Vietnam Veterans. They know them by heart. It has been said that no event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now. History has told us that unlike in other wars, our troops were not driving across a country to hold land and capture territory. Many of the missions were designed to find and harass a junglehidden enemy, inflict casualties, and fall back to a wellprotected base. Our troops fought in canopied jungles, rugged mountains, on rivers, and through swampy lowlands. Many spent days— weeks—in wet rice paddies far from any base. They fought for the noble cause of protecting the ideals we cherish as Americans. During our Commemoration, we will gather to thank them for their sacrifices and for the incredible dangers and hardships they endured for our country and for the ideals of freedom. This ceremony is a small gesture of grateful appreciation for the service these veterans gave our country. Each year I hold a ceremony to recognize veterans. I have been honored to learn the stories of more than 500 Vietnam Veterans over the years. In citations that accompanied the many medals they received, these veterans were commended as members of our Nation’s and the free world’s most versatile and potent striking forces. It was in Vietnam that helicopterbased, airmobile operations first demonstrated their combat potential. Some were shot down; some wounded; and many served multiple tours. Collectively, veterans in my District received hundreds of medals including Bronze and Silver Stars and, of course, Purple Hearts. Several were POWs for long, agonizing years. Their service included jumping from aircraft despite enemy sniper fire to go to the rescue of downed soldiers trapped in battle. They worked tirelessly to direct tactical air strikes and artillery fire so their comrades could be airlifted to safety. They flew over the Red River into North Vietnam, and patrolled the brown waters of the Mekong River. They drove trucks through hostile territory to supply fellow soldiers and marines and ferried the injured to safety. Nurses and doctors administered aid and pastors heard too many final words. They provided maintenance to keep planes ready. Some walked through jungles and rice paddies and claimed they were just grunts. But, for those in the field there was often no hot chow, no showers, and no clean socks. For them, the fight was often against the weather, the red ants, the scorpions, and the leeches. The nights were long and punctuated with the distinct sounds of AK rounds, grenades, and M–16s. They sought out and destroyed the enemy and defended key airfields and routes of communication while extending protection to millions of South Vietnamese. They did their duty and tried hard to leave no one behind. The memory of lost comrades never subsides. Their names are beautifully remembered on The Wall in Washington, D.C. Each 
name engraved in the black granite has a story that speaks volumes about bravery, ingenuity, and drama. When people say, freedom isn’t free—the names on The Wall seem to answer, ‘‘It was paid for by me.’’ The Commemoration ceremony in Jacksonville is a tribute to the service of all who served during that turbulent time. The unrelenting combat spirit and initiative of Vietnam Veterans bears testimony to individual acts of personal heroism and daring. Their loyalty, diligence, and devotion to duty were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military services and reflect great credit upon them and our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in thanking our Vietnam Veterans for their valiant fighting spirit, perseverance, resolute courage, and selfless devotion to duty to each other and to our country. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I wish to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the incorporation of Schaumburg, Illinois. From its incorporation, the city of Schaumburg, a town in my district, has been a model for other cities and towns to follow. Growing from its two square miles and population of 130 residents in 1956, Schaumburg is now home to almost 75,000 residents and a vibrant business community consisting of thousands of businesses, 25 hotels, 200 restaurants, and its own minor league baseball team, the Schaumburg Boomers. Since 1987, under the leadership of the President of Schaumburg, Al Larson, the city of Schaumburg has become the second largest economic development center in Illinois. Through its continued dedication the city improves the quality of life by maintaining a balance between its people, nature, business and industry and provides the highest quality municipal service through planning, fiscal responsibility and accessible, responsive, and proactive leadership. This village continues to live out its mission of ‘‘Progress Through Thoughtful Planning.’’ Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in recognizing the 60th anniversary of the incorporation of Schaumburg, Illinois, and wishing them many successful years in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of United Supermarkets. United Supermarkets has been a shining example of a community business since 1916, and in Lubbock, since 1956. With unrivaled customer service, United Supermarkets has always done business the right way. Through hard work and entrepreneurship, United Supermarkets has grown from one store, to a regional powerhouse with 66 stores now in existence. That’s something of which to be very proud. I am especially proud of United’s volunteer work and financial donations. From charity golf tournaments, to employees logging tens of thousands of community service hours, and the Texas Tech Basketball Arena that bears the company’s name—United is more than just a supermarket. It’s an institution in our community. I ask my colleagues to join me in sending our congratulations on 100 years of success and service. May God Bless the United Supermarkets family of stores and may God continue to bless the United States of America. f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF ALLAN E. NADER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Allan E. Nader, who died peacefully at his home in Northbrook, Illinois, on February 16, 2016, at the age of 78. Allan was the younger of two sons of Olga and Joshua Nader. He attended Lake View High School and was a graduate of the Illinois Institute of Technology. He received a Master’s Degree in Science from Western Michigan University, and a Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry from Purdue. After receiving his Doctorate, Allan began his career as a research scientist at DuPont, a post he held for 28 years. He then worked with his brother, Albert, at Questar and taught chemistry at Triton College and Northwestern University. He was part of INVOInnovations and New Ventures at Northwestern, where he received the Office of Research Star Award in 2014 and the Outstanding Employee of the Year Award in 2015. Allan Nader was a man of deep and abiding faith and was deeply devoted to his church and his family. He was an unwavering believer in education and mentored many young people. He was a dear friend to many, and I will always be grateful to count myself among them. Allan Nader leaves his wife, Helen, the great love of his life for over 50 years, his daughter Cara, who was the joy of his life, and Cara’s husband George, who became a true son to him. The prophet Micah wrote: ‘‘What is good has been explained to you; this is what Yahweh asks of you: Only this, to act justly, to love tenderly and to walk humbly with your God.’’ This is how Allan Nader lived his life. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life of a great and good man, Allan E. Nader, and in extending our condolences to his wife, his entire family and his many friends. Our country is stronger and better because of his integrity, patriotism, brilliance, mentoring and faith. His was a life well lived and stands as a source of inspiration to countless individuals who were blessed to have known him. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on the Legislative Day of March 21, 2016, a series of votes was held. Had I been present for these roll call votes, I would have cast the following votes: Roll Call 130—I vote ‘YES’ On the Legislative Day of March 22, 2016, a series of votes was held. Had I been present for these roll call votes, I would have cast the following votes: Roll Call 131—I vote ‘NO’ Roll Call 132—I vote ‘NO’ Roll Call 133—I vote ‘YES’ Roll Call 134—I vote ‘YES’ Roll Call 135—I vote ‘YES’ 
HONORING CHIEF MARK HOGAN FOR HIS EXCEPTIONAL POLICE CAREER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate the Deputy Chief Mark Hogan of the Rolling Meadows Police Department on his retirement and wish to honor his exceptional career. Mark began his career of service and commitment to the City of Rolling Meadows in 1987. Throughout his career, Deputy Chief Hogan has exhibited the characteristics this line of duty necessitates: enormous sacrifice and courage. Chief of Police David Scanlon said about Deputy Chief Hogan, ‘‘Mark is an incredibly loyal and trusted partner. He is always there for me and the department. He’s a wonderful person and someone that will be missed greatly by the city.’’ Deputy Chief Hogan’s leadership provided stability to the Rolling Meadows Police Department as the men and women under his command risked their lives to protect Rolling Meadows and the surrounding communities. His leadership is and will continue to be reflected in their bravery and courage. Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, please join me in celebrating this special occasion and the long years of service and commitment that it represents. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE NEW UNITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION AND UNITED STATES COAST GUARD BUILDING IN JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the new United States Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and United States Coast Guard (USCG) building that is being dedicated on March 30, 2016 in Florida’s Fourth Congressional District. Thanks to several years of dedication and focus on the common goal of maritime safety and border protection, both offices can now operate in one building. This achievement means a safer and more secure First Coast, through an efficient and effective USCG/CBP operation. The road to this achievement has been a long one. USCG and CBP personnel are tasked with keeping our waterways safe and our borders secure. However, since the creation of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in 2003, these agencies were never provided adequate office space and were forced to consolidate. Later in 2007, CBP/USCG Senior Guidance recommended the construction of a new joint CBP/USCG facility in Jacksonville. The idea of a onestop shop for maritime security would streamline and improve joint field operations while also reducing facility costs. Acquiring this building was no easy task because local CBP and USCG had to clear the hurdle of a heavy bureaucratic process. As Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, I kept a close eye on the process on Capitol Hill. Thanks to the continued leadership of the local CBP/USCG offices, the goal of this facility was never abandoned. Now, with personnel, assets, and more importantly, strategic capabilities all headquartered in one building, the facility will serve as the cornerstone of maritime security for years to come. The center is immensely important to a community like Jacksonville, and I am honored to have played a role in acquiring it. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joel Miller and his wife, Megan Bel Miller, on the birth of their son, Parker Jay Miller. Parker was born on Friday, March 11, 2016, at 7:04 p.m. Joel and Megan welcomed Parker, their pride and joy, into this world weighing in at 6 pounds, 11 ounces and 20 inches in height. With Joel, my Legislative Counsel as his father, and Megan, also a former Capitol Hill staffer, as his mother, I trust Parker will have a bright and successful future ahead of him. Joel has been an integral part of the legislative operation in my office with his understanding of complex policies yet humble and sincere character. I am thrilled to witness him in his new and most important role yet, a father. I have no doubt that Joel and Megan will be wonderful and inspiring parents, who are devoted to their son’s wellbeing. Congratulations and best wishes to the Miller and Bel families. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor former Staten Island resident Aziz Memon’s endless commitment to rid the world of polio. Born in modernday Mumbai, India to Pakistani parents, Aziz has always been a very selfmotivated and sociallyaware individual. This former Staten Islander is the very definition of altruism. From his first job teaching senior citizens at the age of thirteen, he has risen to become the Chairman of the Kings Group, a conglomerate of six companies in industries ranging from textiles to property development. In 1995, Aziz joined Rotary International, a global network of volunteer business and professional leaders that provides humanitarian services and works towards a better and more peaceful world. He served as President of the Rotary Club of Karachi in Pakistan from 2003 to 2004, as well as Governor of Rotary International District 3270, Pakistan and Afghanistan from 2007 to 2008. Aziz has dedicated much of his time to eradicating polio in Pakistan, a country where the virus has been declared a national emergency and a global public health emergency by the Pakistani government and the World Health Organization, respectively. In the face of threats from the Taliban, which has banned polio vaccination and murdered those who have dared to defy them, Aziz has courageously continued his work to improve the lives of those less fortunate. He is currently the national chairman of Rotary International’s Pakistan Polio Plus Committee. He has facilitated the opening of several health centers and has provided financial support to families of fieldworkers killed by the Taliban. He has received several awards in recognition of selfless dedication, including the Pride of Performance from the President of Pakistan and the Regional Service Award from Rotary International. Mr. Speaker, Aziz Memon’s dedication to serving humanity and improving the global community is the essence of a model humanitarian. I thank him for all of his great work and I am proud to honor this great man who has consistently put others before himself. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the esteemed public service career of Mayor Richard J. Donovan. Mayor Donovan has faithfully served his community for forty four years and is a pillar in the Village of Minoa community. Mayor Donovan attended Potsdam High School and graduated from Central City Business Institute, where he met his wife, Phyllis. Mayor Donovan and Phyllis moved to Minoa in 1971 and raised two children together. Mayor Donovan began his public service career in 1972 as a volunteer with the Minoa Fire Department and as an EMT. In 1990 Mayor Donovan won his first term as Trustee on the Minoa Village Board, continuing to serve as Trustee for 14 years. Mayor Donovan served for 8 years as Deputy Mayor of Minoa before being elected Mayor in 2004. Mayor Donovan has dedicated his career to public service serving on many local committees and organization boards. Mayor Donovan is the immediate past president of the New York Conference of Mayors and also serves as a member of its Task Force Mandate Relief Committee. Mayor Donovan also served as the past president of the Onondaga County Mayors Association. Mayor Donovan serves on multiple local committees and previously served on many local, county, and statewide committees, including 20 years of service with ESM Youth Sports and 13 years on the Town of Manlius Zoning Board of Appeals. Mayor Donovan was instrumental in the construction of the St. Mary’s Baseball Field where he initiated and chaired the construction of the field. Without question, Mayor Donovan has been an influential member of the Village of Minoa and Town of Manlius community and I know the community is deeply grateful for his lifetime of service. I congratulate Mayor Donovan on his long and distinguished career, and wish him a happy retirement with his wife, children, and grandchildren. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of the accident which tragically claimed the lives of former Commerce Secretary Ron Brown and thirtyfour others two decades ago. Among the casualties that night was S/SGT Gerald V. Aldrich II of the United States Air Force. S/SGT Aldrich perished while in service to his country, and though we may never fully comprehend the grief felt by his mother, Hazel Aldrich Wattles, his wife, Petra, his two sons, Timothy and Joshua, and his sister, Sherry Roley, they may rest assured that they have my heartfelt condolences on their loss and the appreciation of a grateful nation. S/SGT Aldrich, who grew up in Louisville, Illinois, graduated from North Clay High School with high honors, and turned down more lucrative job offers for a career in the Air Force, died on Good Friday, April 3, 1996. So it only seems appropriate to look to the Bible for strength. Psalm 46:1 tells us that ‘‘God is our refuge and strength, an ever present help in trouble.’’ Let S/SGT Aldrich’s loved ones know they are in my thoughts, and I pray that his sacrifice shall never be forgotten. 
CONGRATULATING BLOOMINGDALE POLICE DEPARTMENT CHIEF DAN SCANLAN ON HIS RETIREMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday March 23, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today to recognize the long and distinguished service of Rolling Meadows Police Department Chief Dan Scanlan and congratulate him on the occasion of his retirement. On May 16th of this year, Chief Scanlan will conclude his loyal service to the community of Rolling Meadows and the surrounding area. Chief Scanlan began his career with Rolling Meadows, as a patrolman, 34 years ago in 1982. He spent 10 years as a tactical officer and gang specialist before he eventually moved up the ranks and became chief of the Rolling Meadows police department in 2009. Under Chief Scanlan’s leadership, the Rolling Meadows Police Department implemented a number of programs to foster community outreach, crime prevention, and operational efficiencies. These programs include the Safe Schools Initiative—a partnership between law enforcement and local schools to identify and implement strategies to improve student safety and the community bike ride, which is an event where police officers and residents join together for a late summer ride around Rolling Meadows. Throughout his career, his extraordinary leadership has earned him great respect among colleagues and members of the community. City Manager Barry Krumstok described Chief Scanlon by saying, ‘‘Dave Scanlan has been a faithful, loyal, tireless professional who has always made sure the department maintains the highest levels of police services. His collaborative leadership style encourages creativity and innovation. His willingness to listen to residents’ concerns reflects his unyielding commitment to community service.’’ A true servant of Rolling Meadows, his ability to foster engagement and his dedication to the city will be greatly missed. Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, please join me in celebrating this special occasion and the long years of service and commitment that it represents. 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KOREAN INTERNATIONAL TRADE ASSOCIATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th anniversary of the Korea International Trade Association (KITA) Washington Center. Located at 1660 L Street, NW, in the heart of the commercial center of the city, the building has played an important role in KITA’s effort to promote trade and bilateral investment by providing facilities and services on a reciprocal basis. The KITA Washington Center is one of nine overseas branches in major global cities that are augmented by twelve domestic offices to comprise and consolidate KITA’s position as the preeminent business organization in Korea. In Silicon Valley, the heart of my district, we’ve been at the cutting edge of innovation in nanotechnology, semiconductors, clean energy, telecommunications, cloud computing, digital media, and many other exciting frontiers. As Korea looks for more investment opportunities, and as we capitalize on synergies among institutions in the Bay Area and Korea, our economic relationship will get stronger and stronger. Korea has invested significantly in Silicon Valley to leverage our cutting edge innovation. From major global companies like Samsung Electronics to the KOTRA Silicon Valley IT Center in Santa Clara that boasts over 40 Korean firms seeking to network and seek potential funders, the economic synergy between Korea and my district has never been greater. That is why I have committed to continuing to foster this important bilateral economic and investment relationship. In December 2014, I had the privilege of visiting Korea to promote Silicon Valley ties to the country. I had the honor of a courtesy visit with President Park GeunHye and many Korean Government leaders to discuss a broad range of issues. Furthermore, I had the opportunity to participate in a business roundtable hosted by then Chairman of KITA and former Korean Ambassador to the United States, DukSoo Han. It was an important visit that helped to further the economic and trade ties between Korea and my district. The Korea International Trade Association was established in 1946 with the objective of advancing the Korean economy through trade and investment, and is currently the largest business organization in Korea with over 71,000 member companies. On July 31 of this year, KITA will auspiciously mark its 70th anniversary. Taking the opportunity, I wish to extend my congratulations to KITA’s Chairman, InHo Kim. Since Korea’s trade volume reached 1 billion dollars in 1967, the country has achieved remarkable economic growth over the past few decades, becoming the ninth country in the world in 2011 to attain a trilliondollar trade volume. This has signified a new opportunity for Korea to engage in exports, imports and foreign investment. For nearly seven decades, KITA has organized various functions and events to enhance mutual understanding on trade issues, seeking to resolve privatesector disputes through dialogue. It has also worked together with its overseas counterparts and international economic organizations to provide member firms with opportunities to interact fully with the international community. Moreover, KITA places special emphasis on developing and maintaining cooperative relationships with overseas trade promotion. These cooperation activities include trade information exchange, organizing trade promotional events, joint research, business matchmaking, regional trade missions and the provision of facilities, such as the KITA Washington Office building on L Street. It’s in both the United States and Korea’s interests that we forge a strong economic relationship that ensures sustained and balanced growth for both countries through greater bilateral investment. To this end, KITA’s role will continue to be both meaningful and necessary for our economies are tightly intertwined. With Korea’s rapid economic growth since the 1960’s, the emergence of business centers in new markets, and the rise of their middle class, Korea’s demand for American goods will continue to break historic records. President Obama has made it a top priority of his administration to grow American jobs through increasing exports. About every $1 billion in exports creates about 5,000 jobs at home. If we double our exports, that would be 2 million new American jobs. Since the President made boosting exports a top priority in his 2010 State of the Union speech our exports are up about 33 percent across all sectors. Manufactured goods are up 33 percent, agriculture is up 34 percent, and services are up almost 20 percent in just about every country in which we trade. Ninety five percent of U.S. exporters are small businesses. United States exports to South Korea supported more than 119,000 jobs across the U.S. in 2012. That’s an increase of 28 percent over a decade. South Korea is our seventh largest bilateral trading partner, and the U.S. is South Korea’s third largest. 29 U.S. States have more than doubled exports over the last decade. In fact, I am extremely proud that my congressional district leads the country in exports to Korea, with almost $900 million, as of 2012. Mr. Speaker, I want to again extend my good wishes and recognize KITA Washington Office on its 10th anniversary and I encourage my colleagues in the House of Representatives to do the same. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, due to my participation in the President’s historic trip to Cuba, I missed votes on Monday, March 21, 2016 and Tuesday, March 22, 2016. On Monday, March 21, 2016 I missed the vote on H.R. 4314—Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, as amended. I would have voted Aye. On Tuesday, March 22, 2016 I missed the following five votes. I would have voted Nay on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2745. I would have voted Nay on H. Res. 653— Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2745—Standard Merger and Acquisitions Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015. I would have voted Aye on H.R. 4742—Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act. I would have voted Aye on H.R. 4755—Inspiring the Next Space Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act. I would have voted Aye on H.R. 4336— Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act, as amended. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority as it launches a new chapter in Northeast Wisconsin on April 2, 2016. Delta Sigma Theta was founded in 1913 at Howard University with a purpose to provide support to collegiate women through programs in local communities throughout the world. In their first year, the sorority bravely marched in the Woman Suffrage Parade exemplifying their mission to promote women’s rights. Founder Florence Letcher Torns reflected on that day saying ‘‘we marched that day in order that women might come into their own, because we believed that women not only needed an education, but they needed a broader horizon in which they may use that education. And the right to vote would give them that privilege.’’ Since that time, Delta Sigma Theta has grown to reach over 200,000 women and currently boasts a membership of 1,000 collegiate and alumnae chapters located around the globe. I congratulate Delta Sigma Theta on their decision to embark on a new chapter in Northeast Wisconsin and look forward to watching the community flourish with their participation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Shelton Givens, who passed away on February 29, 2016. Mr. Givens was the owner of Shelton’s Barber Shop, located on the ground floor of the historic Sinclair Building in downtown Fort Worth, Texas. After working at local Fort Worth barbershop for nearly 10 years, Givens opened his namesake barber shop in 1991 at 512 Main Street in Room 112. Shelton’s Barber Shop was well known for its ‘‘oldfashioned service’’ and remained a fixture in the community for 25 years. Regular and walkin customers often raved about the 1920’s inspired services that included ‘‘cigars, hot shaves, and casual conversation’’. Givens and his staff became recognized for their exemplary customer service skills that kept loyal Fort Worth residents returning to their shop for years. Shelton and his wife of 51 years, Eunice Givens, were longtime residents of the Highland Hills Community where they raised two children: a son, Daryl Givens, and a daughter, Shelby West. They were members of the East Saint Paul Baptist Church and active members in the community, helping to organize neighborhood events and playing a key role in the ‘‘National Night Out’’ initiative. Givens’ wife, Eunice, is a homemaker and wellknown throughout Fort Worth for her role as a neighborhood activist. After more than two decades in the Sinclair Building, the Shelton Given’s Barber Shop closed its doors in December 2015 due to Givens’ failing health. At 80yearsold, Givens retired from his shop and stayed home in the care of his wife and children. f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—BIANCA ELLEGON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bianca Ellegon from Richmond, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Bianca attends Terry High School and is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Bianca was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of her dedication to her academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Bianca and all of her hard work, and know she will make Richmond proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Bianca for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FARMINGTON REGIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 75th anniversary of the Farmington Regional Chamber of Commerce of Farmington, Missouri. The application to form the chamber was signed by Edward B. Effrein as President; Charles S. Fitz as Vice President; and Mack F. Denman as Secretary Treasurer. The Chamber became a legal and active organization on July 2, 1941. Its mission has broadened over the years: to promote good government, hold meetings for the discussion of current questions, and improve the quality of life for the residents of Farmington. The Chamber was instrumental in bringing Trimfoot Shoe Company to the city as a major employer. In the 1950s the Chamber pushed for commercial development along the U.S. Highway 67 Bypass which today is known at Karsch Boulevard. The Chamber was instrumental in the creation of an industrial park; advocated for a state prison in Farmington; worked for educational issues; and led efforts to continue economic growth. It campaigned for the Farmington City Civic Center, improvements for the Farmington Regional Airport, construction of the Farmington Water Park and most recently, the construction of the new Farmington Public Library. The Chamber also led a team effort to have St. Francois County become a Certified Work Ready Community. From its yearlong observance of Farmington’s 200th anniversary in 1997 to its annual celebration of Country Days, the Farmington Regional Chamber of Commerce continues to focus on what’s best about Farmington. Its outstanding efforts led the Missouri State Chamber of Commerce to honor it as the 2014 Chamber of the Year. In the years ahead, the Farmington Regional Chamber of Commerce will continue to help Farmington be one of the best communities in Missouri to live and work. It gives me great pleasure to recognize the impressive 75 year history and the promising future of the Farmington Regional Chamber of Commerce before the United States House of Representatives. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OPENING OF PACKARD HEALTH’S YPSILANTI HEALTH CENTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ceremonial opening of Packard Health’s Ypsilanti Health Center on Tuesday March 29th, 2016. Packard Health’s two Ann Arbor locations have been serving all of Washtenaw County for the last 43 years. That means 43 years of serving our family, friends, and neighbors. From prenatal, pediatric, mental health, and chronic disease care, Packard Health works to provide the community with essential primary care needs. They have not only earned, but solidified their reputation as a vital community resource, providing health services to those who don’t have access, or cannot afford health care. Beginning December 2015 this new Packard Health location in Ypsilanti has begun treating Washtenaw County’s most underserved group of individuals in a more immediate way. Ypsilanti has been one of the hardest hit communities with respect to the recent economic down turn, with a poverty rate nearing 30 percent. Nearly 3 out of 10 people are living without the basic necessities many of us take for granted. Though our national conversation about health care has taken center stage over the last several years there are still far too many people living without the adequate health care coverage, and even more who lack access to doctors, nurses and facilities. I believe that health care is a basic and fundamental right, regardless of income, age, or background. This new Packard Health location in Ypsilanti is positioned to do the most good for so many of the individuals with the 
greatest need in Washtenaw County. Currently, Packard Health has treated over 8,000 patients annually; we can ensure that this coverage will now extend its reach into and through the Ypsilanti community. This new location extends the promise to our people to unlock their ability to lead healthier, happier, and more satisfied lives. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the opening of the new Ypsilanti Packard Health Center. I wish them the best of luck with their important work and success in their future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Women’s History month I rise today to honor Mrs. Hilda Zimmerly, an outstanding individual from the state of Florida. Originally from Ohio, Mrs. Zimmerly moved to LaBelle, Florida in 1977 after previously serving as a teacher and a bookkeeper in her home state. While in Ohio, Mrs. Zimmerly paused her college education in order to fill the need for teachers in the region, taking up part time teaching during her third year of college, all while balancing family and her other job as a secretary. Once she moved to LaBelle, she continued to work as a secretary to provide for her family and three young children. Mrs. Zimmerly eventually saved up enough to open up Hilda’s Stitchery Shoppe. It was located in the same building as the business she served as a secretary, which enabled her to work both jobs concurrently. While working two jobs and raising a family, she was still able to stay active in the church, singing in the choir, and participating in youth leadership. Although she had a small business, Mrs. Zimmerly had always wanted to go back to teaching. When a job became available in Glades County in the nearby town of Moore Haven, Mrs. Zimmerly moved on to become this school’s librarian after earning her degree from the University of South Florida in media specialty. Her goal of teaching full time became a reality when she was hired in 1994 as a 4th grade teacher at LaBelle Elementary, teaching there one year until she transferred to County Oaks Elementary School also in LaBelle. Mrs. Zimmerly retired from County Oaks Elementary after a distinguished fourteenyear career. After her retirement, Hilda enjoyed her time sewing, scrapbooking and reading until she decided to try her hand at politics. She ran for City Commissioner with the help of her thirteen grandchildren, and won. She has served the city for ten years in this role. While serving as City Commissioner she has been involved in tourism development, the citizens traffic safety board and she is an active participant in City Government. She hopes to continue in this role for the foreseeable future. I am privileged to know Mrs. Zimmerly, and admire her commitment to the community through a career of education and dedicated public service. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Mrs. Zimmerly for her continued service to Southwest Florida, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable individual. f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—SUNGMIN CHO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sungmin Cho from Katy, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Sungmin is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Sungmin was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of his dedication to his academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Sungmin and all of his hard work, and know he will make Katy proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sungmin for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate 2016 as the International Year of Pulses. I am extremely proud to represent the Pulse farmers of Eastern Washington. Eastern Washington is one of the most fertile agricultural areas in the nation and is proud to add pulses, namely dry peas, beans, lentils and chickpeas to crops which feed the world. Pulses are a low fat source of protein with a high fiber content and low glycemic index. They typically contain twice the amount of protein found in whole grain cereals, and in most developing countries comprise the main source of protein. Pulses are so nutrient dense that nutritionists consider them both a protein and a vegetable. Pulses are rich in vitamins and minerals, providing consumers iron, potassium, magnesium, zinc, and are abundant with B vitamins. They contribute to a balanced diet, and have been shown to lower the risk of heart disease and diabetes, lower blood pressure and cholesterol. Pulses can also play an important role in mitigating the harmful effects of human exposure to heavy metals, including lead, in communities across the United States. In addition, according to conservative estimates, pulse crops provide thousands of production and manufacturing jobs in rural communities across the country. In the states of Washington and Idaho alone, 2015 saw over 226 million pounds of dry peas, nearly 70 million pounds of lentils, and over 165 million pounds of chickpeas produced. Top chefs and households around the country are discovering these healthy, affordable, sustainable and delicious super foods. To help raise awareness of these crops, the United Nations declared 2016 as the International Year of Pulses. Pulses will play a major role in meeting future food needs as the world’s growing population, which is set to require a 70 percent increase in agricultural production by 2050, because they are sustainable, nutritious, versatile, and affordable. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all of our colleagues join me in celebrating 2016 as the International Year of the Pulses. f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF A HOUSE RESOLUTION EXPRESSING THAT THE SENATE SHOULD PROVIDE FULL AND FAIR CONSIDERATION OF THE PRESIDENT’S NOMINATION OF JUDGE MERRICK GARLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing, together with my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, a resolution calling on the Senate to observe regular order and to give President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court full and fair consideration and an upordown vote. Judge Garland is an eminently seasoned jurist who has the qualities to make him an upstanding nominee for the Supreme Court. His unquestioned intellect, long judicial experience, and even temperament are widely admired and respected, even by Republicans like Senator ORRIN HATCH , who called him a ‘‘consensus nominee’’ for the Supreme Court who would be ‘‘very well supported by all sides.’’ Moreover, his deep respect for and fidelity to the Constitution and the law and his sensitivity to the impact of the law on ordinary people make him a good choice to fill the vacancy. Unfortunately, with the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, we have seen partisan politics regarding Supreme Court nominations reach a new low. For instance, within hours of Justice Scalia’s passing, Senate Republican Leader MITCH MCCONNELL said that the Senate would refuse to consider any nomination made by President Obama to fill the vacancy. In addition to being an astounding failure to carry out its constitutional duty, Senate Republicans’ flatout refusal to consider President Obama’s nominee, regardless of the nominee’s qualifications, is part of a longstanding 
pattern of disrespect shown to this President in particular. The Senate must provide the same consideration and respect for this President and his Supreme Court nominee that every other President has been given. The President, of course, has the Constitutional authority and obligation to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court pursuant to Article II, Section 2, and he has fulfilled his duty with his nomination of Judge Garland. And the Senate has both the authority and the obligation to provide advice and consent on the President’s nominee pursuant to that same provision. Yet, the Senate has flatly refused to do its job, which is simply unacceptable. It is clear that the Constitution requires that both the President and the Senate fulfill their respective roles in the Supreme Court nomination process in order for the Supreme Court to be able to fully perform its constitutional role. Otherwise, what is to stop the Senate from simply grinding the Court—a coequal branch of government—to a halt by simply refusing to consider any nominees to fill any vacancies on the Court. There is no merit to the argument that we have to wait until we elect a new President. After all, the American people twice elected President Obama to fulfill the duties of President, including the duty to appoint Supreme Court justices. And there is ample precedent for Presidents nominating, and the Senate confirming, Supreme Court nominees in the last year of a presidency. For example, in 1988, during the last full year of Republican Ronald Reagan’s presidency, the Democraticcontrolled Senate confirmed the nomination of Justice Anthony Kennedy by President Reagan by a 97–0 vote. Today, there are 10 months left in President Obama’s term. This is more than sufficient time for the President to nominate, and for the Senate to consider and vote on his nominee. It is vital that the Supreme Court have a full complement of justices so that the critical constitutional and legal questions before the Court can be given the full attention that they need. While the House of Representatives does not have a formal say in the nomination process, it is important that its voice be heard on this important constitutional matter, and I urge the House to pass my resolution. The Senate should do its job, comply with regular order, hold fair hearings on Judge Garland’s nomination, and then hold an upor down vote on the nomination. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brigadier General Wilma L. Vaught of Pontiac, Michigan. A decorated veteran and pioneer for women, General Vaught served in the United States Air Force for 28 years and played an instrumental role in breaking down barriers for women in the military. General Vaught began her career in 1957 with her commission as a second lieutenant at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas. Throughout her distinguished career, General Vaught served throughout the United States and abroad in a variety of roles. From 1968 to 1969, she served as a management analyst for Deputy Chief of Staff, Comptroller, Military Assistance Command, Vietnam, in Saigon. She continued to excel, and in 1980, was promoted to Brigadier General. She was one of only seven female generals in the entire United States armed forces when she retired in 1985. During her time in the United States Air Force, General Vaught received a number of commendations for her service. Her military decorations include the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, and Legion of Merit. In addition to being the first woman promoted to Brigadier General in the comptroller field, General Vaught was the first woman to deploy with an Air Force bomber wing, further breaking down barriers for women serving our country. After her military service, General Vaught fought for recognition of women’s contributions to our nation’s armed forces. As the leader of the Women in Military Service to America Memorial Foundation, she played a significant role in the creation of this wonderful tribute to women at Arlington National Cemetery. This is the only major memorial that honors America’s servicewomen and serves as a testament to their courage and bravery. General Vaught is a true patriot and trail blazer for women in the military. Her distinguished service and groundbreaking accomplishments are an inspiration to all of us. It is for this reason, Mr. Speaker, that I ask my colleagues today to join me in honoring Brigadier General Wilma L. Vaught for her contributions to our country. I thank her for her leadership and exemplary service to our country. f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—ISABELLA FERRARA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Isabella Ferrara from Katy, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Isabella attends Cinco Ranch High School and is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Isabella was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of her dedication to her academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Isabella and all of her hard work, and know she will make Katy proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Isabella for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,205,597,413,856.96. We’ve added $8,578,720,364,943.88 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8.5 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Women’s History Month, I rise today to honor Officer Lourdes Hernandez, an outstanding individual in the South Florida community. Officer Hernandez first joined the Miami Dade Police Department in 1997. After two years in the force, she decided to take a leave of absence and enlist in the United States Army Reserves. Officer Hernandez served honorably for seven months, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank her for her service. Officer Hernandez returned to the Miami Dade Police Department as part of the Intracoastal District’s Crime Suppression Team, but quickly moved to the MiamiDade Narcotics Bureau, where she has been for the past thirteen years. Officer Hernandez’s most recent accomplishment is the completion of MiamiDade’s Special Response Team (SRT) boot camp training. This five week program is extremely mentally and physically grueling. Officer Hernandez is the only woman to have completed the updated course, which is a testament to her strength and tenacity. It is worth noting that Hernandez’s determination to achieve this goal was formed nearly three years ago. Her focus and seriousness of purpose clearly go above and beyond the usual. Officer Hernandez sets a high priority on physical and tactical training. She appreciates the dangers that officers see in the field and remains committed to keeping herself, her fellow officers, and every citizen as safe as possible. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Officer Lourdes Hernandez for her continued service to South Florida, and the world at large, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable individual. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Moore on the occasion of his retirement after 31 years of dedicated service with the Alameda County District Attorney’s Office. Dick was born in Dearborn, Michigan and graduated from Michigan State University in 1977, which was the same year he married his high school sweetheart and future lawyer, Kathy. After studying law at Stetson University College, he passed the bar in 1980 and began his career as a prosecutor in Naples, Florida. He successfully tried over 50 felony jury trials during his time working there as an Assistant State Attorney. In 1985, Dick interviewed with future Associate Justice of the California Supreme Court Carol Corrigan and was appointed as a Deputy District Attorney for Alameda County. Dick began with the Alameda County District Attorney’s office, first rotating through the Berkeley, Oakland, Alameda, and Fremont branches before being assigned to the felony trial team at the Rene C. Davidson Courthouse in January 1988. During the late 1980s and throughout the 1990s, Dick began building his legacy by successfully prosecuting serious felony cases against some of Alameda County’s most violent offenders in multiple highprofile cases. Based on his accomplishments, in 2000 Alameda County District Attorney Thomas J. Orloff appointed Dick as the Felony Trial Team Leader. For the past 16 years Dick has overseen all felony prosecutions and supervised all felony trial deputies. Under the direction of both thenDistrict Attorney Orloff and current Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O’Malley, Dick mentored and trained countless Deputy District Attorneys on the importance of being an ethical prosecutor. In fact, Dick even trained both California Attorney General Kamala Harris and I during our time as prosecutors for the office. Dick has earned the respect of judges, defense attorneys, law enforcement, and victims of crime for his sense of justice and fairness. I want to congratulate him on his long and distinguished career and to wish him health and happiness in retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and congratulate Juan Lorenzo Hinojosa, PhD, for his founding of Solidarity Bridge, the Evanstonbased nonprofit, now in its 16th year. Through this organization, Dr. Hinojosa has dedicated himself to transforming lives by promoting solidarity and justice, harnessing the good will of generous people in the United States and in Bolivia to heal and empower in a spirit of mutuality and profound respect. I am proud that many who participate in the Solidarity Bridge mission as physicians, nurses, interpreters, chaplains, and helpers are residents of the 9th Congressional District of Illinois. In 1999, Dr. Hinojosa launched the first Solidarity Bridge medical mission trip to Bolivia. Over the next 16 years, guided by his extraordinary vision and leadership, Solidarity Bridge grew far beyond its initial purpose of bringing medical volunteers on shortterm mission trips. In close collaboration with medical communities in the U.S. and in South America, and with its sister organization, Puente de Solidaridad, Solidarity Bridge developed four yearround programs in Bolivia to provide highcomplexity surgery, as well as a Center for the Development of Neurosurgery. Through those efforts, lifesaving and lifetransforming care has been provided for over 60,000 people who otherwise would not have had access to the care they desperately need. Dr. Hinojosa is BolivianAmerican and a naturalized citizen of the United States. His memory of the poverty and suffering he witnessed as a child never ceased to pull on his heart. Over many years, his longing to serve the impoverished people of his native land was strengthened by his Catholic faith, with its focus on compassion and justice. Then, in 1999, Dr. Hinojosa met Dr. Enrique ViaReque, also a BolivianAmerican living in the Chicago area, and, with his invaluable help, was finally able to fulfill his heart’s longing by founding Solidarity Bridge. Dr. Hinojosa and Dr. ViaReque are outstanding examples of the important contributions immigrants make to the social fabric of the United States of America. One of the greatest qualities of our citizens is the responsibility we feel to share our material abundance with those who have less. Dr. Hinojosa nurtured that sense of responsibility in others and created a highly effective means by which the abundant good will and generosity of volunteers, donors, hospitals, and medical supply companies are channeled to serve those who live in poverty. Through Solidarity Bridge, he has promoted and strengthened bonds of solidarity among thousands of people of good will in the United States and in Bolivia. Dr. Hinojosa has created a bridge of solidarity between diverse individuals and communities, a bridge that enriches and heals every person who walks on it, whatever their role may be. I invite my colleagues to join me in thanking Dr. Juan Lorenzo Hinojosa and congratulating him on the fruitful work he has accomplished. f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—ANDRE FERREIRA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Andre Ferreira from Katy, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Andre attends Cinco Ranch High School and is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Andre was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of his dedication to his academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Andre and all of his hard work, and know he will make Katy proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Andre for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. f 
RECOGNIZING WORCESTER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE’S LEADERSHIP IN ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY EDUCATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible achievements of Worcester Polytechnic Institute, the 2016 recipient of the National Academy of Engineering’s prestigious Bernard M. Gordon Prize for Innovation in Engineering and Technology Education. WPI is being recognized this year by the National Academy of Engineering for ‘‘The WPI Plan,’’ the university’s revolutionary projectbased approach to education and for the leadership and contributions of four faculty leaders who continue the development and growth of opportunities offered by the WPI Plan. The Gordon Prize, an annual award recognizing new modalities and experiments in education that develop effective engineering leaders, will be presented to WPI on April 15, 2016, for a ‘‘projectbased engineering curriculum developing leadership, innovative problem solving, interdisciplinary collaboration, and global competencies,’’ and will be shared by Diran Apelian, AlcoaHowmet Professor of Mechanical Engineering and Director of WPI’s Metal Processing Institute; Arthur Heinricher, Dean of Undergraduate Studies; Richard Vaz, Dean of Interdisciplinary and Global Studies; and Kristin Wobbe, Associate Dean of Undergraduate Studies. WPI’s focus is for students to apply theory to practice to achieve impact upon the great problems of our day. The faculty members who have been singled out for this award are outstanding at driving innovation in the WPI curriculum and inspiring greatness from students at the university and from their colleagues across the campus. Founded in 1865, WPI has been a pioneer in projectbased education since 1970 when, building upon its core philosophy of balancing 
theory and practice in education, the university adopted a revolutionary new undergraduate program known as the WPI Plan. The new approach replaced the traditional, rigidly prescribed engineering curriculum with a flexible and academically challenging program aimed at helping students learn by synthesizing classroom experience in projects that involve real world problems. In 1974, WPI launched a global component to its projectbased curriculum and now sends approximately 70 percent of its students to more than 45 project centers around the world. At these centers, students work in teams to focus on issues such as energy, food, health, and urban sustainability. The Global Projects Program offers students the opportunity to gain handson experience in tackling real problems, develop an understanding of other cultures, and see how their lives and work can make a meaningful impact. During my time in Congress, I’ve had the opportunity to meet with WPI students, faculty, and staff, and continue to be impressed by the incredible research being done at this world class university based in my hometown of Worcester, Massachusetts. Each year I have the privilege of learning from WPI students who attend the Washington, D.C. project center, and I am confident that they enter the workforce wellprepared to help solve some of our nation’s biggest challenges and influence the development of policy to move our country forward. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating WPI and its outstanding faculty members. To be recognized by the National Academy of Engineering and Bernard Gordon is a tremendous honor, and the WPI community should be so proud of this incredible achievement. 
IN HONOR OF NEW JERSEY STATE TROOPER SEAN CULLEN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of fallen New Jersey State Trooper Sean Cullen of Cinnaminson, New Jersey, for his extraordinary sacrifice and exemplary service to the citizens of New Jersey and the United States. Trooper Cullen was born in Dublin, Ireland, and immigrated to the United States with his family when he was a child. Trooper Cullen and his family resided in Cinnaminson, New Jersey, and he graduated from Cinnaminson High School in 2003. Trooper Cullen subsequently became a police officer, serving in the Sea Isle City, Mount Holly, and Westampton Township Police Departments. In 2014, he became a trooper with the New Jersey State Police as a graduate of the 154th Class of the New Jersey State Police Academy and was assigned to the Bellmawr Station, Camden County Barracks. On March 8, 2016, Trooper Cullen tragically passed away following a motor vehicle accident that occurred while he was on duty and responding to an incident. Trooper Cullen was a loving and devoted father, son, and brother, whose memory will live on in the hearts of his fiance´e, family, friends, and colleagues. He made the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of the citizens of New Jersey and served with courage, professionalism, and a commitment to the finest ideals and traditions of the New Jersey State Police. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound sadness that we mourn the loss of Trooper Sean Cullen, whose life reminds us that the men and women who serve and protect our communities put their lives on the line every day to protect us. I join with my community and all of New Jersey in honoring the achievements and selfless service of this truly exceptional young man. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF WASHTENAW COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of Washtenaw Community College in Ann Arbor Michigan. Washtenaw Community College is a pillar of higher education in Michigan’s 12th Congressional District and has helped make an affordable education possible for countless individuals and their families for half a century. Each year, more than 18,000 students register for classes to say nothing of the thousands who take advantage of their Economic and Community Development classes—noncredit courses designed to provide professional development and personal enrichment for citizens throughout Washtenaw County and beyond. Since 1966, this institution has stood as a symbol of hope in our community. It has provided its students, many of whom are immigrants, with the opportunity to quite literally achieve the ‘‘American Dream’’ through the education and skills needed to not only enrich themselves, but also to become vital members of our workforce. Diversity is celebrated here with students from over 100 foreign countries comprising its student body. As many of us already know, the effects of globalization have made our local workforce far more competitive. Since its formation, Washtenaw Community College has provided the instruction needed for students to enroll in programs that are important to Michigan’s future. In the 1970’s, Washtenaw Community College developed programs in manufacturing, automotive service, culinary arts, and business. Today, the school has adapted to the everchanging demands of the job market by adding computer science, pharmacy tech, robotic and national trade programs. Today, while our lives have become more and more complicated, higher education has become a basic necessity for success. Aside from its affordability and highquality course offerings, Washtenaw Community College places great emphasis on convenience by offering more than 100 programs and approximately 1500 classes each year—seven days a week, at night and online. In addition to their academic programming, Washtenaw Community College was one of the first colleges to recognize the changing dynamics of our economy by offering daycare services, making education a possibility for many working moms and families. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in congratulating Washtenaw Community College for its fifty years of leadership in helping shape and prepare the next generation of workers, business people and civic leaders in my district. We thank you for your willingness to think outside the box, for your flexibility and for your vision, and we look forward to another 50 years when we can celebrate your Centennial. f 
RECOGNIZING THE ALABAMA STATE UNIVERSITY LADY HORNETS FOR WINNING CONSECUTIVE SWAC BASKETBALL TITLES 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Alabama State University Lady Hornets for their outstanding basketball record over the past two seasons. On March 12, the Alabama State University Lady Hornets won their second straight Southwestern Athletic Conference tournament with a 55 to 51 victory over the Southern University Jaguars. This victory made Head Coach Freda FreemanJackson the first SWAC coach to lead a team to consecutive tournament titles. The Alabama State University Lady Hornets advanced to the NCAA tournament where they competed against the Texas Lady Longhorns this past Saturday. This was their third alltime NCAA appearance. During the 2015–2016 season, the Alabama State University Lady Hornets won 19 games and for a second straight year, the team was a 15 seed. I would like to particularly congratulate the two Lady Hornets who are from the 7th Congressional District of Alabama, Miss Jasmine Peeples from Selma and Miss Tatyana Calhoun from Montgomery. Tatyana is a junior and was named second team AllState and an MVP in 2013. Jasmine is an all SWAC secondteam performer and is a senior. She, along with her teammates, Britney Wright and Daniele Ewert, was voted to the allSWAC Tournament team this year. As we celebrate Women’s History Month, it is important to recognize the female athletes who have made significant contributions to athletic programs across our country. Although it has been almost fortyfive years since Title IX was passed here in Congress, female athletes are still not afforded the same respect, resources and attention afforded to male athletes. The success achieved by the Alabama State University Lady Hornets over the past two seasons will be a tremendous recruiting tool for Alabama State University Coach FreemanJackson and have undeniably made Alabama State University a stronger institution. I am incredibly proud of the successes the Alabama State University Lady Hornets and their coaches have made over the past two seasons. I look forward to watching this team grow and continue to win titles under the leadership of Coach FreemanJackson and Assistant coaches Clayton Harris, Yvette McDaniel, and Michael Floyd. Go Hornets. 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—ERIC MUTHONDU 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Eric Muthondu from Richmond, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Eric attends Randolph Foster High School and is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Eric was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of his dedication to his academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Eric and all of his hard work, and know he will make Richmond proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Eric for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 138 (H. Res. 658), which took place Wednesday March 23, 2016; I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained at the United States Supreme Court. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE. I firmly stand with my colleagues in the House in condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Brussels on March 22, 2016, which murdered more than 30 innocent people, and severely wounded many more. I would like to reflect my deepest sympathies and condolences to those killed and injured in the attacks and their friends and families. I also reflect my pledge to support the Belgium government in its efforts to bring to justice those responsible for the attacks. Finally, I declare my belief that the Islamic State poses a fundamental threat to the universal value of freedom in all countries, and that the flow of foreign fighters to and from the Middle East and West and North Africa remains a grave concern. IN RECOGNITION OF THE INSTALLATION OF DR. ROBIN GARY CUMMINGS AS CHANCELLOR OF UNC PEMBROKE HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Robin Cummings and congratulate him on his official installation as the sixth Chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Pembroke. As Representative of North Carolina’s Eighth District, I’m proud to represent Robeson County and UNC Pembroke in Congress. There is no doubt in my mind that Chancellor Cummings is a perfect fit for this university. His leadership and service to North Carolina in numerous capacities—in health care, in state government and in volunteer service—has positioned him well for this role. With his knowledge and broad experience, Dr. Cummings will promote and grow the university while meeting the unique challenges facing our community. As Chancellor, Dr. Cummings has already made an incredible impact and helped foster an institution that offers students a pathway to a career, that empowers faculty and staff to be successful, and that provides our community an institution to be proud of. In addition, Dr. Cumming’s love for our community and the university is unmatched. As a Pembroke native and member of the Lumbee tribe, he has the community’s best interest at heart. Under his guidance, UNC Pembroke will continue to lead the way in strengthening our economy, supporting job creation and improving the quality of life for people all across Southeastern North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Chancellor Robin Cummings for his prestigious accomplishment. We wish him, his wife Rebecca and his four children, Amy, Mark, David, and Adam well as Chancellor Cummings undertakes this role and continues to serve Robeson County and UNC Pembroke. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Los Angeles Police Department Communication Division for its dedicated service to protecting our communities. Throughout the region, there are several public safety call centers staffed by civilians who dedicate their lives to helping others. These individuals are critical to Los Angeles’ public safety and help serve the wideranging needs of everyday residents. Though they rarely get the credit they deserve, it is difficult to understate the importance of these professionals in serving our communities. While publicsafety communicators are usually the first individuals that the public comes in contact with during an emergency, they also play a vital role in coordinating the first response to police, fire, and rescue incidents. They possess many admirable qualities, among which is the ability to maintain composure under extremely stressful circumstances. As a former 911 dispatcher within the department, I know the challenges they face on a daily basis, which is why I would like to honor their service to our community. Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity to work for the Los Angeles Police Department Communication Division for over 17 years. Throughout that time, this division has helped coordinate responses to both routine occurrences and extraordinary situations, some of which have garnered national and international attention. They regularly dispatch first responders to thousands of incidents and have played a critical role in national emergencies. I applaud their continual efforts to serve our communities. On Sunday, April 10, they will be hosting an alumni gathering to mark the start of National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week. Mr. Speaker, they are just one of many community organizations across the country that will recognize the second week of April as National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week. I would like to offer my support for this declaration and make note that I have introduced a Concurrent Resolution that would offer Congress’ recognition of this designation. I believe that this will highlight the important contributions that public safety communication professionals provide our communities day in and day out and recognize the value of their work. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the service of an esteemed and valued citizen of the Killeen, TX and Fort Hood area. Connie Kuehl has dedicated herself to Central Texas for nearly 30 years, diligently overseeing and directing countless organizations and community projects. Connie’s immeasurable service and innovative vision for her community are qualities of an ideal citizen. Graduating from the University of Texas in 1973, Connie earned her degree in Education and Science. Pursuing her passion for SCUBA diving, she obtained an instructor license in 1979 and taught lessons for ten years. This was only the beginning of Connie’s lifetime of sharing her time and talents with others. In 1990, she became Temple’s first Tourism Director and worked tirelessly to promote the community through her service on multiple boards and organizations. Connie’s ability to showcase the very best that Central Texas has to offer attracted the Texas Early Day Tractor and Engine Association’s State Headquarters as well as the Pioneer Village and festival to Temple in 1992, where it remains today. She has also served as President for Altrusa of Central Texas as well as the Texas Association of Convention and Visitors Bureaus, where she earned the Texas Destination Marketing Certification. No matter where or how Connie serves, she exceeds the highest of expectations. Her desire to constantly improve and challenge her 
community has enabled the Fort Hood area to become involved in a wide range of activities and programs. Connie has helped promote creativity and the arts by developing the ‘‘Take 190 West’’ arts festival, a highlight of the Killeen cultural calendar. Connie’s talents aren’t limited to her extraordinary work ethic and commitment to service. She won 1st Place in District Nine for the Share Your Story, Share Your Dream writing contest and 2nd Place internationally. Like all of us in Central Texas, Connie was deeply affected by the 2009 terror attack on Fort Hood. Knowing this tragedy was one we can never forget, Connie selflessly contributed her efforts and hard work into organizing the Fort Hood Memorial Dedication fundraising and ceremony. This poignant and moving memorial honors the lives of those lost that dark day and reminds all who visit of the sacrifices made in the name of freedom. Connie considers this project to be the highlight of her long career. Connie’s invaluable service and capacity to take on multiple leadership roles has left a positive and lasting impact on both her community and those she has come in contact with. Citizens like Connie Kuehl are greatly valued, and she will be missed upon her retirement. She looks forward to spending time with her two sons, Shawn and Chad Bowman, granddaughter Emily, and new grandbaby on the way. I know Connie’s family is very proud of her career and achievements and I wish her much joy and happiness in the future. 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—ARYAN SINGH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Aryan Singh from Katy, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Aryan is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Aryan was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of his dedication to his academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Aryan and all of his hard work, and know he will make Katy proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Aryan for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. TRIBUTE TO TAMARA GRIGSBY HON. GWEN MOORE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great woman, Tamara Grigsby. She was a social worker, family counselor, instructor, state legislator, administrator and advocate for children, women and social justice. Ms. Tamara Grigsby passed away on March 14, 2016. Tamara Grigsby was born in Pullman, Washington and graduated from Memorial High School in Madison. She received an undergraduate degree from Howard University and Master’s Degree from the University of WisconsinMadison. I am honored to pay tribute to Tamara Grigsby, she was a leader extraordinaire. She taught at Carroll and Cardinal Stritch Universities, as well as UWMilwaukee. Tamara served as program manager at the Wisconsin Council on Children and Families prior to running and winning a seat as one of my successors to serve as representative for Wisconsin’s 18th Assembly District. In fact, I encouraged Tamara to run for this seat. After her retirement from the state legislature, she worked for both the Milwaukee Public Schools and Madison Public Schools. At the time of her death, she was the Director of Dane County’s Department of Equity and Inclusion. As a legislator from 2005 to 2013, Tamara proved prolific. She both introduced and passed a large number of meaningful legislation to secure equality, fairness, and opportunity for Wisconsin’s citizens. In fact in 2010, she was 18 for 18, passing 18 bills the same number as the legislative seat that she held. She also served admirably as a member of the prestigious Legislature’s Joint Finance Committee. When she endured a lifethreatening health battle in 2011, she fought back with the same vigor as she had exhibited on behalf of her constituents. Tamara Grigsby received many awards including the Planned Parenthood Advocates of Wisconsin most prestigious recognition, the Rebecca C. Young Legislative Leadership Award and the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, Emerging Leader Award. Further she was named as one of the The 30 Most Influential Social Workers Alive Today in 2014 by the Social Work Degree Guide. I am proud to have called Tamara Grigsby my friend; she made a positive impact on all of Wisconsin. She leaves behind many friends, former staffers, admirers and family members to mourn her passing including her dear parents: Dr. E. Howard Grigsby and Bettye Grigsby. I was captivated by her passion and commitment to improving the lives of Wisconsinites. She was a fierce opponent of policies aimed at hurting public schools, health care and stronger communities. She fought to address racial and ethnic disparities in our criminal justice system, and advancing equality of rights for all. Mr. Speaker for these reasons I rise to pay tribute to an amazing woman, Tamara Grigsby. While her time with us was a short 41 years, she leaves behind an enduring legacy for future leaders to follow. TRIBUTE TO OFFICER FIRST CLASS JACAI DAVID COLSON HON. STENY H. HOYER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my Maryland colleagues in paying tribute to the life and memory of Officer First Class Jacai David Colson, who fell in the line of duty on Sunday. Officer Colson was twentyeight years old and had served with the Prince George’s County Police Department for four years. He lost his life responding courageously to an attack by a gunman on the District Three police station in Landover, Maryland. He did what he and his brothers and sisters in law enforcement have been trained to do: run toward gunfire in an attempt to save lives and protect bystanders and their fellow officers. Officer Colson is a hero, and our thoughts and prayers are with his family and his fellow officers. His father, James Colson, called his son ‘courageous’ and ‘an excellent role model.’ Officer Colson’s high school football coach cited his extraordinary character and how he ‘treated everyone with respect.’ Originally from Delaware County, Pennsylvania, Officer Colson followed in the footsteps of his grandfather, who served on the Upper Chichester Township police force in Delaware County for more than four decades. Prince George’s County was fortunate to have Officer Colson on the force, and he left a lasting impression on so many people both here in Maryland and back home in Pennsylvania. I join with my Maryland colleagues in mourning this tragic loss and honoring Officer Jacai Colson for his service to our Prince George’s County communities, to the State of Maryland, and to our country. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2745, (Roll Call Number 131) I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 653, the rules for consideration of H.R. 2745, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act, (Roll Call Number 132), I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act (Roll Call Number 133), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ I applaud Rep. ESTY’s effort to expand the mission of the National Science Foundation to encourage its entrepreneurial programs to recruit and support women and to extend their focus beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world. While women make up about half the U.S. workforce, they only account for about 1 in 4 of those working in STEM fields. This bill is an important part of the larger effort to expand entrepreneurial opportunities for women in the STEM fields. Had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4755, the Inspiring the Next Space Innovators, 
Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act (Roll Call Number 134), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ I am encouraged by Rep. COMSTOCK ’s work to expand STEM educational opportunities for women and girls. Specifically, the bill directs NASA to encourage women and girls to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), pursue careers in aerospace and support NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS, the Aspire to Inspire (A2I) program and the Summer Institute in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Research (SISTER) program. Had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4336, the Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act, as amended (Roll Call Number 135), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ I support Rep. MCSALLY’s work to make groups of women, civilians and foreigners who served the United States during World War II eligible to be inurned in Arlington National Cemetery. This is a great victory for the families of the brave women who served during World War II. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call vote numbers 130 through 135, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—SKYLAR WILLIAMS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Skylar Williams from Houston, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Skylar attends J. Frank Dobie High School and is one of eight high school honor students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Skylar was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of her dedication to her academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Skylar and all of her hard work, and know she will make Houston proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Skylar for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Cadet Kaitlyn Doyle, of the Third Congressional District, in her appointment to Chief Petty Officer of the United States Naval Sea Cadet Corps, and to commend her for her dedication to the Naval Sea Cadet youth program. Kaitlyn, who is a resident of Mount Laurel, has worked diligently to complete the regulation U.S. Navy correspondence courses from Basic Military Requirements through Chief Petty Officer. In addition to this, Kaitlyn has exhibited superior qualities of leadership, patriotism, and expertise that have allowed her to achieve this significant accomplishment, which is awarded to less than half of one percent of approximately 9,000 Naval Sea Cadets across the nation. Kaitlyn stands out as an outstanding role model to her peers. This achievement exhibits the pride that Kaitlyn has for the United States Naval Sea Cadet Corps youth program and demonstrates her determination to eventually attend the Naval Academy. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously honored to have newly appointed Chief Petty Officer Kaitlyn Doyle as a member of their community, who has shown a desire to serve her nation, and has worked continuously to do so to the best of her ability. I am honored to recognize her appointment and dedicated service, before the United States House of Representatives. 
HONORING WVSSAC CLASS A MEN’S BASKETBALL CHAMPIONS ST. JOSEPH CENTRAL IRISH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the players and coaching staff of the St. Joseph Central Catholic High School men’s basketball team in Huntington, West Virginia, for winning the West Virginia Class A men’s basketball championship on March 19. Lead by Head Coach Ross Scaggs, the Irish completed an amazing run in the state tournament with a thrilling 67–65 overtime win over Wheeling Central Catholic. This is a remarkable accomplishment for St. Joseph Central in its first state tournament appearance since 1989. I would also like to recognize the parents, teachers and others that volunteered their time to help achieve this remarkable honor. Congratulations and Go Irish. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Women’s History month I rise today to honor Ms. Belinda Keiser, a remarkable individual in the State of Florida. Ms. Keiser has dedicated her life to working for others, specifically in the areas of education, public service, and philanthropy. She has served as Vice Chancellor of Community Relations and Student Advancement for Keiser University, where she is responsible for media and public relations, student services, employer relations, and charitable giving. Ms. Keiser manages an institution of higher education that is comprised of 17 locations throughout Florida, South America and Shanghai, China, with a student count of approximately 20,000 students and 3,500 employees. Through her role, she has broadened the school’s reach, built on its strong reputation, and stayed true to its founders’ vision. The effects of Ms. Keiser’s service have also been felt in public service, where she has served as an ExOfficio member of the Florida Council of 100, as an appointee of Gov. Rick Scott to the Enterprise Florida Board of Directors, and on the Florida Government Efficiency Task Force. Currently, Belinda is serving as a reappointed member of the 17th Circuit Judicial Nominating Commission of Broward County, and is also working as a member of the Board of Florida’s Chamber of Commerce. She still manages to contribute a large portion of her time and resources to numerous charitable organizations including the American Cancer Society, Operation Homefront, and the United States Marine Corps. Belinda’s ongoing efforts truly impacted Florida’s economic and workforce welfare, global competitiveness, and the legal, education and healthcare communities. I look forward to working with her on our shared priorities in the future. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to know Ms. Keiser and admire her service to the local community in South Florida, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable individual. 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS—HAYLEY WISNIESKI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hayley Wisnieski from Richmond, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Hayley attends William B. Travis High School and is one of eight high school honor 
students selected from the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Hayley was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of her dedication to her academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Hayley and all of her hard work, and know she will make Richmond proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Hayley for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF CESAR CHAVEZ ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress and the 36th Congressional District of California, I congratulate the students, families, and teachers—past and present—of Cesar Chavez Elementary School in my hometown of Coachella, California, on the occasion of the school’s twentyfifth anniversary. For a quarter of a century, the Cesar Chavez Elementary School has provided young scholars from the Coachella Valley with a top rate education. Named after an American hero, it continues to carry out a vital mission to our country and our region: to carry on his legacy by educating children to be socially responsible citizens of our community. To the parents who entrust their children to Cesar Chavez Elementary School, it is your desire to better the lives of your children that continues to build our great country. Each family’s individual pursuit of their American dream contributes to making our nation a more perfect union. Your hard work, calloused hands, and tired shoulders lift up our children and our community, and Cesar Chavez would be proud. As the son of farmworkers from Coachella, it remains my humble honor to represent my hometown in the U.S. House of Representatives. Coachella’s history is steeped in the American pursuit of liberty and justice for all because of the work of Cesar Chavez. Cesar Chavez Elementary School carries the legacy of being the only school named after Cesar Chavez and whose opening was presided by the great civil rights leader himself. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of this silver anniversary, I commend the faculty and staff for preserving and honoring his legacy and for inspiring today’s youth to live lives dedicated to justice and a love for our country. I sincerely thank the school for its contribution to our Coachella Valley, and I look forward to its continued success in the years to come. Yes we can do it. (Si se puede). f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF OUR SAVIOR PARISH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of Our Savior Parish. It is my honor and privilege to recognize the devotion and hard work of the members of Our Savior Parish, who for so long now have striven to support the communities of Detroit and Dearborn Heights. Following the separation of the Roman Catholic Church and Polish National Catholic Church in 1897, Polish Americans throughout the country struggled to find a medium to express their religious beliefs. Independent churches soon formed throughout the country to meet the needs of the Polish community. Our Savior Parish was founded in 1916 in the City of Detroit, the first independent Polish Catholic Church in Michigan. Initially, the group focused on helping Polish immigrants better acclimate to life in America. The parish established a bilingual accredited parochial school, and enrollment reached over 350 students. By 1970, increasing membership resulted in the parish relocating to a new, beautiful church complex in Dearborn Heights. The members of Our Savior Parish continue to give back to our community. The church performs an annual Thanksgiving cannedfood drive, as well as an annual Christmas coat drive. Additionally, each Christmas the church hosts an ‘‘Adoptafamily’’ program with the local school district. This program provides food, gifts, and most importantly, a warm Christmas spirit to those families in the community stricken by hard times. Their community work continues throughout the year. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring the 100th anniversary of Our Savior Parish. For a century now, the members of Our Savior Parish have displayed an immense passion and deep devotion for improving our community, and we wish them many more years of success. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Patsy Cline, an outstanding citizen of the great state of New Mexico and resident of my hometown, Hobbs. Patsy has spent a lifetime embracing people of all origins and helping those most in need. She has given selflessly for many years to help more than 10,000 seniors in Lea County afford necessary medications through her nonprofit organization, Faith In Action. I would like to thank Patsy for her contributions, her selfless deliverance of assistance to those in need, and for extending a helping hand to thousands of people when they needed it most. Patsy embodies the meaning of a true volunteer. Through her actions, she has helped foster a kinder society by living a life of service to others, seeking nothing in return. We can all learn from Patsy’s selfless dedication and courage. As a fellow New Mexican, it is my honor to rise and recognize Patsy Cline’s commitment to community and country. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my sincere condolences and to honor the extraordinary life of Robert A. Lucas, owner of the famous Donkey’s Place in Camden, New Jersey. Born in Camden, raised in Medford, and a graduate of Rancocas Valley Regional High School, Robert was truly a son of New Jersey. By the 1970s, he started running Donkey’s Place, a bar opened in 1943 by his father, Leon, a former Olympic boxer. Donkey’s still has a simple menu, consisting of cheesesteaks served on a poppy seed Kaiser roll from Del Buono’s in Haddon Heights and a nofrills bar, just the way Robert liked it. Donkey’s is an institution in South Jersey, serving everyone from factory workers in its early days, to neighborhood residents, police officers, and city workers. Highlighted on the CNN television show Parts Unknown, chef and world traveler Anthony Bourdain said of Donkey’s, ‘‘the best cheesesteaks in the area might well come from New Jersey’’ and it deserves to be a ‘‘national landmark.’’ A devoted family man, Robert even met his future wife of 39 years, Elsie, at Donkey’s. It was love at first sight and Elsie remembers dreaming about her future husband that very night. Robert and Elsie had 4 children, Robert, Jr., Joseph, Lisa Bystryzycki, and Luis Mendoza, and 2 grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, Robert A. Lucas was an incredible man, dedicated to his family, the South Jersey community, and his business. He leaves behind an indomitable work ethic and one of the finest establishments in Camden. I join with his family, friends and all of New Jersey in celebrating the life of this extraordinary man. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on March 21 through 22, 2016, I accompanied President Obama and several of my colleagues in the U.S. Congress to Cuba as part of the ongoing effort to advance U.S.Cuba relations. As a result, I was absent for roll call vote 135 on the Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act, H.R. 4336. This is an incredibly important piece of legislation that will reinstate the inurnment eligibility for the 
brave and honorable women who made up the Women Airforce Pilot Service. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on roll call vote 135. Additionally, I was absent for roll call votes 130 through 134. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on roll call 130, no on roll call 131, no on roll call 132, yes on roll call 133, and yes on roll call 134. 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LATIN EXPRESS BAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 40th Anniversary of The Latin Express Band. The Latin Express Band has serenaded DallasFort Worth residents for four decades and counting and given back to the community in a variety of ways. Mr. Carlos Saenz, a graduate of Fort Worth’s North Side High School, founded The Latin Express Band in 1976 after fundraising for a school trip. After receiving support and recognition from his classmates, Mr. Saenz added his younger brother, Leo Saenz, to join as drummer and vocalist. Since their formation, the Latin Express Band has played at music venues throughout the DFW Metroplex and the United States, even playing in the nation’s capital. In January 2001, they were invited to perform during the Presidential Inaugural Ball for President George W. Bush. The Latin Express Band has received several accolades for their musical contributions throughout the years. Dating back to 1998, the Fort Worth StarTelegram presented the band with its first award, the ‘‘Best Tejano Band.’’ They would go on to receive additional awards from Fort Worth Weekly, Hispanic Council of Tarrant County, and the Dallas Morning News. The Latin Express Band was inducted into the Tejano Roots Hall of Fame in 2008. Additionally, the Latin Express Band supports various charitable groups and makes significant contributions to local organizations such as the Tarrant Area Food Bank. The Latin Express Band has inspired future generations of local musicians by supporting music education for children, youth and adults throughout the Metroplex. On March 31, 2016, the band will perform for the first time at Fort Worth’s historic Casa Man˜ana Theatre. Proceeds from the concert will support music education programs in the Fort Worth Independent School District. The concert takes place on the birthday of the legendary Latino civil rights leader, Cesar Chavez. The band will play in honor of Chavez, an activist who continuously fought to gain equal rights for all minorities. The Saenz brothers are a staple in the Fort Worth community, both through sharing their musical talents and service to the Metroplex. HONORING THE BIRTHDAY OF WILLIAM D. MOUNGER OF JACKSON HON. TRENT KELLY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, on March 31, 1926, William ‘‘Billy’’ Mounger was born in Jackson, Mississippi. Mr. Mounger graduated from Central High School in Jackson and attended the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. He intended on playing football at West Point, as one of the 27 players around the country recruited by the school, but failed to make the team. Instead of giving up and going back home, he graduated in 1948 with a degree in General Engineering and served five years in the U.S. Air Force. While in the Air Force, he attained the rank of First Lieutenant and served as an Aircraft Commander of the B–50 Medium Bomber as well as Atomic Bomb Commander. Mr. Mounger continued his education at the University of Oklahoma, receiving a bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in Petroleum Engineering. He has had a long and successful career in oil production. In addition to his business success, many people know Mr. Mounger for his work in establishing and developing the Republican Party in the South and especially Mississippi. His leadership roles are extensive, but to name a few: he has served on the Mississippi State Republican Executive Committee for decades, as the Mississippi Republican Finance Chairman, and on the Republican National Finance Committee. It is a direct result of Mr. Mounger’s work and dedication to the party that Mississippi is now a Republican stronghold. Most importantly, Mr. Mounger is a proud husband, father, and grandfather. He is also a man of faith, as a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Jackson. On his 90th birthday, I thank him for his contributions to Mississippi and the Republican Party. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the symphonic band of McMeans Junior High (MMJH) in Katy, Texas for their upcoming performance at the National Middle School Concert Band Festival for the Music for All National Festival, hosted at Butler University in Indianapolis. The MMJH symphonic band, under the direction of George Liverman, will not only perform in front of professionally and nationally known experts at the Music for All National Festival, but will also engage in master classes, leadership sessions and other beneficial events to heighten and sharpen their instrumental skills. Through these workshops, students will have the ability to meet independently with professionals and get helpful advice regarding their personal instrument and position within the symphonic band. We are extremely proud of the McMeans Junior High Symphonic Band, and we can’t wait to see their success at the National Middle School Concert Band Festival. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to the McMeans Junior High Symphonic Band for earning the opportunity to perform at the Music for All National Festival. Keep up the great work. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Women’s History month I rise today to honor Ms. Aracely Gomez, an outstanding individual in the South Florida community. Ms. Gomez has been recognized as a respected member of the community for her work in social care, substance abuse prevention, and mental health. Ms. Gomez began her career in social work in 2004 as a substance abuse counselor for Collier County Counseling. In her next positions, she moved from purely clinical work to take on increasingly complex advocacy roles. She represented Youth Haven, which cares for neglected and abandoned youth, on the Spanish language program ‘‘Esencias,’’ and participated in the Healthcare Network of Southwest Florida’s move to integrate behavioral health with traditional primary care. She also worked with the PACE Center for Girls, an organization that works to keep atrisk girls in a safe and productive environment that fosters their growth. Ms. Gomez also founded Lolita’s Hispanic Family Center, which is a family resource center that promotes, implements, and advocates for bilingual, culturally competent evidence based programs to enhance the quality of life of Hispanic and other minorities in Southwest Florida. In addition, she is also a board member of the Immokalee Housing and Family Services, a facilitator of the Immokalee Interagency Council, and an organizer of Hispanic Women in Healthcare of Collier County. In each of her positions, Aracely Gomez has demonstrated compassionate care. She is passionate about improving access to behavioral services, especially for minorities. She has worked for established institutions and created new ones where she sees a need. I am privileged to know Ms. Gomez, and admire her commitment to the community. Aracely’s efforts have touched the lives of many people in Southwest Florida. She has surpassed many barriers and has brought forth valuable service urgently needed in combating the challenges in mental health, social work and Hispanic outreach in our local communities. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Aracely Gomez for her continued service to the State of Florida, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable individual. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 23, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, on March 21 through 22, 2016, I was with the President in 
Cuba. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call number 130, H.R. 4314, I would have voted YES. On roll call number 131, Previous Question to H. Res. 653, I would have voted NO. On roll call number 132, H. Res. 653, I would have voted NO. On roll call number 133, H. Res. 4742, I would have voted YES. On roll call number 134, H.R. 4755, I would have voted YES. On roll call number 135, H.R. 4336, I would have voted YES. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 11 a.m., on Thursday, March 24, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 49 public bills, H.R. 4841–89; and 10 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 126 and H. Res. 660–668 were introduced. 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4724, to repeal the program of block grants to States for social services, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–462); H.R. 4618, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 114–463); H.R. 3937, to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–464); H.R. 223, to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–465); H.R. 3030, to direct the Commandant of the Coast Guard to convey certain property from the United States to the City of Baudette, Minnesota, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–466); H. Con. Res. 120, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony (H. Rept. 114–467); H. Con. Res. 119, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (H. Rept. 114–468); H. Con. Res. 117, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition (H. Rept. 114–469); H. Con. Res. 125, establishing the congressional budget of the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026 (H. Rept. 114–470); H.R. 1671, to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects (H. Rept. 114–471); H.R. 3023, to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–472); H.R. 3340, to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–473); H.R. 3791, to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–474); 
H.R. 4723, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the recovery of improper overpayments resulting from certain Federally subsidized health insurance, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–475); H.R. 4722, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require inclusion of the taxpayer’s social security number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–476); and H.R. 2947, to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institution in bankruptcy, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–477).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and agree to the following measure: Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Brussels on March 22, 2016, which murdered more than 30 innocent people, and severely wounded many more: H. Res. 658, condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Brussels on March 22, 2016, which murdered more than 30 innocent people, and severely wounded many more, by a 
2⁄3yeaandnay vote of 409 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 138. 
Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act: The House passed H.R. 2745, to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 137. 
Rejected the Doggett motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaandnay vote of 174 yeas to 235 nays, Roll No. 136.
H. Res. 653, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) was agreed to yesterday, March 22nd. Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to S. Con. Res. 34, providing for an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yeaandnay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1568, H1569, H1569–70. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 12:52 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 3:30 p.m. on Monday, April 11, 2016, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 34. Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a markup on Appropriations Bill, FY 2017. The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017 was ordered reported, without amendment. APPROPRIATIONS—SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Smithsonian Institution. Testimony was heard from David Skorton, Secretary, Smithsonian Institution. APPROPRIATIONS—CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education held a budget hearing on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Testimony was heard from Thomas Frieden, Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. UPDATE ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM AND THE FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Program and the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Christopher C. Bogdan, USAF, Program Executive Officer, F–35 Lightning II Joint Program Office; Sean J. Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition; Michael Sullivan, Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management Issues, Governmental Accountability Office; and Michael Gilmore, Director, Operational Test and Evaluation. THE ADMINISTRATION’S PLAN TO CLOSE THE GUANTANAMO BAY DETENTION FACILITY: AT WHAT FOREIGN POLICY AND NATIONAL SECURITY COST? Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Plan to Close the Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility: At What 
Foreign Policy and National Security Cost?’’. Testimony was heard from Lee Wolosky, Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure, Department of State; and Paul M. Lewis, Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure, Department of Defense. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4482, the ‘‘Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4509, the ‘‘State and HighRisk Urban Area Working Group Act’’; H.R. 4549, the ‘‘Treating Small Airports with Fairness Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4698, the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports Through Enhanced Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4780, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act’’; H.R. 4785, the ‘‘DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act’’; and H.R. 4820, the ‘‘Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended H.R. 4482, H.R. 4549, H.R. 4698, H.R. 4780, and H.R. 4820. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment H.R. 4509 and H.R. 4785. EFFECT OF THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2017 BUDGET AND LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS FOR THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING ON PRIVATE SECTOR JOB CREATION, DOMESTIC ENERGY PRODUCTION, STATE PROGRAMS AND DEFICIT REDUCTION Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Effect of the President’s FY 2017 Budget and Legislative Proposals for the Office of Surface Mining on Private Sector Job Creation, Domestic Energy Production, State Programs and Deficit Reduction’’. Testimony was heard from Joseph Pizarchik, Director, Office of Surface Mining and Reclamation Enforcement, Department of the Interior. EXAMINING THE BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT PUBLIC LANDS LEASING Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Bureau of Land Management Public Lands Leasing’’. Testimony was heard from Neil Kornze, Director, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior. NATIONAL SECURITY: THREATS AT OUR BORDERS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations held a hearing entitled ‘‘National Security: Threats at Our Borders’’. Testimony was heard from Ronald D. Vitiello, Acting Chief, U.S. Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection; Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council; and Steven C. McCraw, Director, Texas Department of Public Safety; and public witnesses. EXAMINING EPA’S REGIONAL HAZE PROGRAM: REGULATIONS WITHOUT VISIBLE BENEFITS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Regional Haze Program Regulations Without Visible Benefits’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4783, the ‘‘Commercializing on Small Business Innovation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 207, the ‘‘Small Business Development Centers Improvement Act of 2015’’. H.R. 4783 and H.R. 207 were ordered reported, as amended. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Thursday, March 24 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3:30 p.m., Monday, April 11 
Program for Monday: House will meet in pro forma session at 3:30 p.m. 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E374 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E375 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E366 Carter, John R., Tex., E374 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E371 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E370 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E365, E367 DiazBalart, Mario, Fla., E370, E371, E376, E378 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E369, E371, E373, E377 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E367 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E378 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E366 Graves, Garret, La., E365 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E367 Hill, J. French, Ark., E365 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E368 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E375 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E374 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E376 Katko, John, N.Y., E367 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E378 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E376 McGovern, James P., Mass., E372, E377 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E370 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E375 Moulton, Seth, Mass., E368 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E366 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E373, E377 Olson, Pete, Tex., E369, E370, E371, E372, E374, E375, E376, E376, E378 Pearce, Stevan, N.M., E377 Ribble, Reid J. E369 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E365, E366, E366, E368 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E377 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E372, E376 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E373 Shimkus, John, Ill., E367 Smith, Jason, Mo., E369 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E372 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E374 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E369, E378 