Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the ICE raids that have happened in Michigan. I was alarmed by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids that have resulted in the detention and possible removal of Iraqi nationals, as well as other members of the Detroit community. Why am I alarmed? Mr. Speaker, what we saw happen on Sunday, June 11, was an all out push to just remove Iraqi nationals who have been in this country, some for up to 40 years, who have lived in this country, raised families, have worked, and were subject to raids. Over 100 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldeans and Muslims, were removed from their families and transported to a correctional facility in Youngstown, Ohio. I have been in touch with community leaders, who are not only distressed by the ongoing situation, but also expressed concern regarding the dangers that await these individuals if they return to an active war zone in Iraq. Many of the communities characterize these raids as having a deliberate and calculated motive. Understand that these deportations are part of an agreement made between Prime Minister Abadi and President Trump as part of a deal to remove Iraq from the travel ban, an agreement that is not in writing, Mr. Speaker, an agreement that Congress nor the public has access to. When ISIS reared its ugly head in 2014 in northern Iraq, its main targets for genocide, sexual slavery, and other gross human rights violations included these same people: Iraqi Christians, Muslims, and other ethnic and religious minorities. In 2014, Congress passed a resolution, unanimously, recognizing Iraq’s ethnic and religious minorities as victims of genocide in Iraq and Syria. Since then, both the Obama administration and Trump administration have referred to these acts of violence against Iraqi Chaldeans and others as genocide; yet still we are going to deport these same people back to a country where there will be, surely, a confrontation of death or slavery. Removing these individuals represents what many have described as a ‘‘death sentence’’ should they be deported into an active war zone. The final orders, we are told, of people who were convicted of offenses are based on criminal activities; but we know for a fact, some were for driving without a license and some were for having possession of marijuana 25 years ago. Furthermore, the removal orders are considered legal, and I support the legal process. They could be decades old. The problem is, Mr. Speaker, they don’t reflect the current challenging conditions in the country of origin. Some of those being deported can’t even speak Arabic because their entire life has been spent here in the United States. These raids have really started confusion and fear in the community. It is not in line with the compassion and humanity that we, as the United States, have expressed over the years. Mr. Speaker, I will also say that now is the time, more than ever, that we in this Congress should have the political courage to establish an immigration plan for America. This jumping up and saying we are going to go over here and we are going to do this is not reflective of a legislative process. We must have an immigration plan in America so that we can address the correct and humanitarian deportation of those who should not be in our country, but also have a demonstrated and supported pathway to citizenship in these United States of America. It is amazing to me that in these United States of America, which was built from immigrants, we now have this unofficial immigration process in America. I close, Mr. Speaker, by saying that, as a Member of Congress and representing Michigan with a significant Middle Eastern population, I stand here ready to do the job that I was sent here to do and to get an immigration plan for these United States of America. f 
NO ROOM FOR HATE AND VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with the heaviest of hearts. Mr. Speaker, I want to be crystal clear that there is not any room in our society for hate. There is no room for violence. Whatever we do and wherever we may stand, we must act in a peaceful, orderly, and nonviolent fashion. We must understand that we are one people—the American people; we are one family—the American family; and we live in the same house—the American house. Mr. Speaker, we must teach all of our people to respect the dignity and the worth of every human being. We must be the headlights, not the taillights, in loving and cherishing our brothers and sisters. We are brothers and sisters. We must understand that our foremothers and our forefathers came to this great Nation in different ships, but we are all in the same boat now. As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said: 
We must all learn to live together as brothers and sisters; if not, we will perish as fools. 
Yesterday, was a difficult and dark day. There was so much pain and suffering for so many people—for our fellow Members, for our families, and for our staffs. It shook the Congress and our Nation to its core. I, too, was in shock. My heart and my soul ached for those who were attacked and for those who witnessed the violence. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my love and my feelings for all of our colleagues, our friends, our staffs, the officers, and their families. 
In each and every moment, my thoughts and prayers have been with all of the victims and their families as they begin the long road to healing and recovery. They must understand that we are with them. We are with you. You are not alone. We love you, and we are praying for your safety and recovery. 
REMEMBERING XAVIER OMARI JOY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, on a June summer evening in Chicago, Illinois, in my district on the south side, a young man, 23 years old, was shot down, killed, and robbed of his cell phone, which was a nonsensical killing. Xavier Omari Joy was a teacher of our city, State, and Nation. He was given so much potential. He carried with him so much promise, and in his heart breathed so much purpose and dedication. b1030 Mr. Speaker, he spoke these words: ‘‘Living in Woodlawn and working at the South Side YMCA, I know the pitfalls and challenges my community faces. I strive to help the youth in my community by being a positive role model. I want to tangibly connect and aid youth to positively progress as students.’’ These were the words spoken by Xavier Omari Joy, a young man whose life was ended last Thursday. Xavier graduated from one of Chicago’s premier high schools, the Whitney M. Young High School. He played football for a year at the Harvard of the African American in the south, Morehouse College. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2014, Xavier joined City Year Chicago as a volunteer. City Year is a program of AmeriCorps, whose purpose is to send young mentors into underserved communities to be of help, to provide guidance, and most importantly of all, to provide meaningful, substantive examples. Xavier had so much promise, potential, and so much personality. He could walk into a room and the room would just light up. Friends always knew that they could come to Xavier to get a compassionate hearing of their issues and their problems. If you were down for a moment, hey, Xavier could lift you up for the rest of the day. He didn’t get to be this kind of excellent individual by accident. He was born into a family of communityconscious people. His father, Ra Joy, is the executive director of CHANGE Illinois, a coalition leading systemic political and development action. His mother, Nykea PippionMcGriff, is the first AfricanAmerican woman president of the Women’s Council of Realtors in Chicago. Mr. Speaker, I come here today to honor and ask the Members of this Chamber to honor the life and the memory of Xavier Joy. Xavier, our Nation, our community, and the people in the First Congressional District of Illinois will not let your death be in vain. We want to extend the promise, the potential, and the purpose of your life into the lives of all the young people in our Nation. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Living in Woodlawn and working at the Southside YMCA, I know the pitfalls and challenges my community faces. I strive to help the youth in my community by being a positive role model. I want to tangibly connect and aid youth to positively progress as students.’’ These were the words of Xavier Omari Joy who was murdered on the streets of Chicago on June 8th. After graduating from one of Chicago’s top high schools, Whitney Young, and playing college football for a year at Morehouse, Xavier returned home to the South Side. In 2014, Xavier joined City Year Chicago, an AmeriCorps program that sends mentors into Chicago’s most underserved schools to provide guidance and examples for youth. Just 23 years old, Xavier envisioned a career as an elected official. He saw this as another way to directly impact his community and his city. He was born into a family of community conscious parents. His father, Ra Joy is the executive director of CHANGE Illinois, a coalition leading systemic political and government reform. His mother, Nykea PippionGriff is the first elected African American woman president of the Women’s Council of Realtors Chicago. He further served his community as a tutor and mentor at the YMCA, as well as several schools in the Chicago metropolitan area. Xavier made his life about giving back and ensuring that children had a positive male role model. We will always remember Xavier’s dedication to others, warmth, confidence, and benevolent spirit. It is his loss of life that brought me to the House floor today. There are too many names, too many lives taken far too soon in my city, Chicago. There is a perverse spirit rampant in our nation where life no longer carries its value. That was demonstrated yesterday with the Alexandria shooting that wounded Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE , Capitol Police Special Agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey, Congressional Staffer Zachary Barth, and lobbyist Matt Mika. Life is valuable and we need to cherish its meaning. As a father whose son was also killed by gun violence, I can empathize with Nykea’s family and all the families across my district and the Nation who have experienced this tragedy. No parent should have to experience a loss such as this. Xavier was the type of young man that we all want our children to grow up to be and his life was taken while doing something so many Americans take for granted every day: returning home from work. My thoughts and prayers are with Nykea’s family and the families across America who mourn those lost to senseless violence. We deserve better. We are better. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, thank You for giving us another day. In Your presence, dark nights of challenges are dispelled by the dawn of Your love, and You know our needs before we express them. Thank You for daily providing our lawmakers with guidance and strength. We pause to thank You for the courage and sacrificial service of our Capitol Police. Forgive us when we take their daily courageous service for granted. Forgive us also when we seem to forget that words matter and can become seeds that will bring a bitter harvest. Bring speedy healing to our brother STEVE SCALISE , and all those injured in yesterday’s shooting. Bring peace and solace to all those affected by yesterday’s tragedy. Today, use the Members of this people’s House as instruments of Your peace, bringing unity from division, light from darkness, joy from sadness, and hope from despair. Dear God, continue to bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CRAWFORD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CRAWFORD. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a police officer from my district who lost his life in the line of duty just this week. Lieutenant Patrick Weatherford was a 15year veteran of the Newport police force in the criminal investigations division. He graduated from Arkansas State UniversityNewport, and University of Arkansas at Little Rock. Lieutenant Weatherford, 41, was the husband to Kristen Weatherford and a loving father to his daughter and young son. At 6 p.m. on Monday, June 12, 2017, Weatherford responded to reports of a vehicle breakin. In pursuit of the suspect on foot, Lieutenant Weatherford was shot and taken to a local hospital where, shortly after, he succumbed to his wounds. While I did not know Weatherford personally, what I do know is that he was deeply loved by his community of Newport. The police chief, Michael Scudder, described Weatherford as a very good friend and an excellent officer who wanted to make things better for Newport. Others remember him as a mentor and a fair, calming presence on the force at times when things can get tense. Weatherford had graduated from Newport High School and dedicated his life to learning how to serve the community he loved better and better. Last year, Patrick had graduated from the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia. That same year, Weatherford was named the Jackson County Officer of the Year by Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge. Weatherford’s passing should be a reminder of what we ask of our police officers and first responders every day, year in and year out. The work they do is so often underappreciated, and yet their dedication and discipline allows all of us to live in peace and safety. My thoughts continue to be with Lieutenant Weatherford’s family, their police department, and the community of Newport. What our fellow men and women risk to protect us every day should humble us all. 
ANGER AND HATRED IN POLITICAL ISSUES TODAY (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, this is my 29th year in Congress. I have followed the issues since my early teens more than 50 years ago. I have never seen anywhere close to the anger and hatred there is on political issues today. Yesterday, on the ‘‘Chris Plante Show,’’ he mentioned a professor, John Griffin, from the Art Institute of Washington. Last month, Professor Griffin posted a link to a Washington Post column, with the professor commenting that all Republican Members of the House ‘‘should be lined up and shot.’’ He added, ‘‘That is not hyperbole. Blood is on their hands.’’ That was in support of a Washington Post column by Paul Waldman saying the Republican healthcare bill was an ‘‘act of monstrous cruelty’’ that should ‘‘stain those who supported it to the end of their days.’’ Those who have so much hatred and anger in their hearts and minds seriously need to seek religious or psychiatric help. f 
BRING MORE CIVILITY INTO OUR POLITICAL DISCOURSE (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Madam Speaker, I join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in Congress to express my deep sorrow after yesterday’s shooting. At the end of the day, we are not Republicans or Democrats; we are Americans. We may disagree with one another, but we cannot allow those disagreements to change how we treat each other as fellow human beings. I believe we need to change our tone and bring more civility to our political discourse. Young people across the country look to us to set an example, and we all must rise to the occasion. This horrible violence will not divide us and it will not stop us from getting back to business on behalf of the American people. Let us come together as Americans above all else, and, of course, keep our good friend, STEVE SCALISE , and all of those affected by the shootings in our prayers. 
SPEAK TRUTH TO THE POWERFUL LIBERAL MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we must speak truth to the powerful liberal media. The invective, spite, and venom they hurl daily at the President contributes to an environment of hatred and violence. The media’s constant barrage of personal attacks can incite someone to take irrational actions. The shooter at the Virginia ballpark yesterday wounded five people. His Facebook page once read: ‘‘It is time to destroy Trump and company.’’ That is not much different from the tone of many media articles. A study last month found that the President had received a higher percentage of negative coverage than any 
recent President, and a public opinion poll showed the media’s credibility at a record low. The American people deserve better than a biased media. For the sake of our country, let’s hope they will drop their abusive language. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2372, VETERANS EQUAL TREATMENT ENSURES RELIEF AND ACCESS NOW ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2579, BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 379 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, the day before yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration for two very important measures. First, the resolution provides for the consideration of H.R. 2372, the VETERAN Act. This rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. In addition, the resolution provides for consideration of H.R. 2579, the Broader Options for Americans Act. This rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, both of these bills are a part of the House of Representatives’ commitment to repair damage done by the Affordable Care Act. These bills seek to amend key parts of the American Health Care Act, which the House passed on May 4 of 2017. The American Health Care Act expands health coverage options for Americans by allowing them to use advanceable, refundable tax credits to purchase Stateapproved plans in the individual market. The two bills will ensure the tax credits that Americans will use to purchase health insurance policies will be available to all who qualify. When the House passed the American Health Care Act, the bill included individual, advanceable, flexible, refundable tax credits that individuals can use to purchase health insurance policies on the individual market. When the bill passed, however, procedural reasons prevented the House from including two key groups of Americans: veterans who are eligible for coverage through the VA and individuals who need to get continuation of coverage through an employer’s COBRAsponsored plan. The two bills covered under this rule will remedy that same problem. In recent years, the Internal Revenue Service has adopted a practice of providing eligible veterans the choice to get financial support for a private plan in lieu of enrolling in healthcare provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 2372, the VETERAN Act, will codify this and continue that practice retroactively for both the Affordable Care Act’s Premium Tax Credit and the new tax credit created in the American Health Care Act. Veterans will continue to be able to get premium support when they opt out to purchase a private health plan instead of enrolling in the healthcare provided by the VA. Similarly, H.R. 2579 will expand access to the new American Health Care Act tax credit to COBRA, in the continuation of that coverage. Under COBRA, group plans allow beneficiaries to keep their existing employersponsored coverage if they are laid off, work fewer hours, or lose insurance due to a change in family circumstances. Often, those who need to use the COBRA coverage are those most in need, such as individuals who are in the middle of a treatment course and want to preserve their network of providers. COBRA coverage is frequently very expensive, since the individual policyholder must now pay all the premium for their policy. H.R. 2579 will extend the new tax credits to include people receiving COBRA coverage and enable people who need it to continue taking advantage of their employersponsored healthcare coverage, even after a triggering event. Mr. Speaker, the bills the House will consider under this rule will help fulfill the promise Republicans made to the American people. We made repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act with something that works the highest priority. Six weeks ago, we took the first step in fulfilling that promise with the passage of the American Health Care Act, and today we will take another step forward creating a healthcare system that works for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule, I urge support for the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes; and I want to begin by expressing my appreciation to both the Speaker of the House and the minority leader for their presentations before the full House yesterday in the aftermath of this terrible tragedy, which has wounded our colleague, STEVE SCALISE , and two Capitol Police officers, and two staffers. 
We were all horrified by what happened, but I thought both the Speaker and the minority leader came to the floor and set the right tone, not only for this Congress, but for the Nation. And Speaker RYAN, yesterday, I thought, truly was the Speaker of the entire House of Representatives because when he said that an attack against one of us is an attack against all of us, I think everyone feels that way. I thought it was also important that both Speaker RYANand Minority Leader PELOSI reminded us that we are all part of one family. Sometimes we might be a little bit dysfunctional, but the bottom line is we are all part of one family. And like all families, we have our disagreements, we have our points of view, and we fight for what we believe in, and there is nothing wrong with that. In fact, that is what is right about this country. But, clearly, our politics in this country have gotten coarse and, in many cases, ugly, and what happened yesterday is something that I think that all of us are deeply shocked by. And so we pray for our colleague, STEVE SCALISE , we pray for Matt Mika, Zachary Barth, and the two Capitol Police officers, David Bailey and Crystal Griner. We pray for their speedy recovery. I, too, want to echo the sentiments that were stated yesterday by our leadership, both in the Republican and the Democratic Parties, that we honor our Capitol Hill police officers. I mean, they protect us each and every day. They put their lives on the line for us. And if they weren’t there, the situation could have been much, much worse, and so I thank God that they were there. As far as the rule goes, the gentleman from Texas knows how I feel about closed rules. I voice my opinion on that often, and I will continue to voice my opinion on that. But I don’t think today is the time for me to prolong this debate, and I think we should move on, and that is what I intend to do. Just one final thing, Mr. Speaker, on a personal note. This is the last rule that David Vince will work on here in the Rules Committee. He has been a fixture over the past several years, both in committee meetings and here on the House floor. He has worked on everything from healthcare to national security and on complex legislation impacting the financial industry. When David started working here in 2011, he went by his full name, David M. CooperVince. But since he married his wife, Jessica, he now insists we simply call him David Vince, so we are all still adjusting to the change. But there is good news. While David Vince is leaving the House, he is not going far. He will attend graduate school at Georgetown University here in Washington to study business. We all wish David and his wife, Jessica, well, and we hope to welcome him back to government service again someday. So, David, thank you very much for your incredible service to this House. Again, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just say that I do agree with the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts. Yesterday, I think Speaker RYAN gave one of the finest speeches that I have heard on the floor of this House. I also agree that there will be ample time for debate on all of the issues that are encompassed in today’s rule, and I look forward to that spirited debate, as I always have in the past. But I also agree with the gentleman, that some of that debate may be best left for another day. I also want to acknowledge the gentleman from Massachusetts and his comments about David Vince. Any time one of our staffers departs from either the minority or the majority side, it is obviously a time of gratitude for their service, and we look forward to what is next in their lives. But I want to join with the gentleman from Massachusetts that we appreciate the service of David Vince to the minority and to the members of the Rules Committee in general. So thank you for your service to the House, David. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleagues for all of their work on the rules and the underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1230 VETERANS EQUAL TREATMENT ENSURES RELIEF AND ACCESS NOW ACT Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 379, I call up the bill (H.R. 2372) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules relating to veteran health insurance and eligibility for the premium tax credit, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to House Resolution 379, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 2372 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now Act’’ or the ‘‘VETERAN Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. MARCHANT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include in the RECORD  any extraneous material on the bill currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would first like to thank Chairman BRADY for his strong support of this bill, the Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now Act, the VETERAN Act. This important legislation, which was reported out of the Ways and Means Committee on a bipartisan basis, will ensure all eligible veterans have access to quality, affordable private health insurance. Mr. Speaker, this Chamber cannot underscore enough the sacrifices of our veterans and the sacrifices they have made to protect the freedom and individual liberty of each American. In return for their faithful service, these brave men and women are promised that, when they return home, they will have access to affordable healthcare through the Veterans Administration. However, some veterans decide to forego their VA benefits and, instead, 
choose an alternative healthcare. Veterans should have the opportunity to choose the best healthcare option available to fit their needs. It is only right that our veterans are given the same opportunity as our other citizens have and the citizens that they defend. There have been conflicting reports about the eligibility of certain veterans to receive tax credits for all health insurance under the American Health Care Act. Make no mistake about it, no veteran would see a change in their eligibility status as a result of the AHCA. In fact, despite the Democrat’s claims about veterans’ eligibility for tax credits under the AHCA, when they voted for and signed ObamaCare into law, they failed to include this very same clarification in statute. Rather, they left it to the Department of the Treasury to issue a regulation clarifying that veterans are still eligible for a credit unless they are enrolled in a VA healthcare benefit plan. So today this legislation, authorized by my friend and a veteran, Mr. SAM JOHNSON , should put into law current practice confirming that veterans can, without question, get a tax credit to purchase health insurance in the individual market if they choose not to enroll in VA coverage. It is important to note that AHCA initially proposed to put into law this current practice, but that provision had to be removed due to Senate guidance about their Chamber’s unique reconciliation rules. While I am disappointed that this happened, I am glad that this body is acting on this item today. I would note that this legislation has received the support of several veterans’ organizations, including the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Association of the United States Navy, and The Retired Enlisted Association. I think that something we can all agree on is that our veterans should have the choice in where they receive their healthcare, just like the American citizens they defended. In that spirit, this bill is something we can all get behind. To our veterans and their families, I thank them for their service. To my friend SAMJOHNSON , I thank him for his leadership and the authoring of this important bill. I ask my colleagues for their support of the VETERAN Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to send my deepest thoughts and prayers to our colleague Whip SCALISE , the Capitol Police officers, and the staff members that were injured in yesterday’s shooting. Although my Republican colleagues and I have robust policy discussions, ultimately, we desire the same goals. Today is no different, and our institution is based on the respect and thoughtful debate that remain important pillars of our democracy. Mr. Speaker, this discussion and debate that we are about to have here is an honest disagreement. There is no suggestion here that there is anybody on this side of the aisle that is any less enthusiastic or less sincere in their support of what it is that our veterans need and desire. This is an honest policy dispute. And I must tell you, based on long service in this institution, this is an unusual manner in which to proceed. We are actually being asked today to amend a piece of legislation that a month ago left this institution. I have not been witness to this, I believe, in the past; and I hope that, as we go on for the next hour, we will have a chance to connect the dots for our colleagues about why this underlying bill is less than desirable. Last month, the Republicans brought TrumpCare to the House floor and every Democrat in this institution opposed it. This was the Republican leadership’s second attempt to pass the repeal, and it seems that their first attempt was not harmful enough to the American people. The measure, as passed, takes health insurance from millions of Americans, raises premiums for working families, and places an age tax on older Americans. Middle class Americans would end up on the losing end, while millionaires would receive a handsome, nearly $1 trillion tax cut. Perhaps most concerning is that Members voted in favor of this legislation without understanding its impact on the American people. There were no hearings on TrumpCare. Amendments were rushed to the floor without committee consideration, and the CBO score was not available at the time the House considered it. CBO, based on nonpartisan career professionals, provides important context and independent advice for Members of Congress. It provides an opportunity for us to look at the longterm results and ramifications of policies we are considering. Clearly, our Republican friends don’t care about the jarring consequences CBO foretold. The House has ignored certain procedures when considering these important measures. First, since the Republican repeal bill passed, the CBO confirmed that the measure would leave 23 million Americans without health insurance. It would cut Medicaid by $800 billion, discriminate against individuals with preexisting conditions, and drastically raise premiums for older Americans. Earlier this week, the CMS actuary confirmed that outofpocket costs will rise by 61 percent, and premiums will be 5 percent higher than under current law. Simply put, TrumpCare would force Americans to pay more for lower quality healthcare coverage. Second, this bill is not appropriate to consider now because it amends the TrumpCare bill, as I noted a moment ago, that has not passed the Senate. And our Senate colleagues have stated they are rewriting a House bill that the President called ‘‘mean.’’ Now I would like to turn to my substantive concerns with this bill. H.R. 2372 would amend the AHCA to allow veterans not enrolled in militaryrelated coverage to receive tax credits. It does nothing to fix the issues in the TrumpCare bill. Whether or not you initially supported the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan—and I was one of the few in this institution that voted and spoke against the war in Iraq those years ago—these wars have created 1 million more veterans, and we need to do what we can to provide them with the support that we promised them. Let me remind my colleagues that the TrumpCare bill would shift costs onto veterans through per capita caps, roll back Medicaid expansion for veterans, and erode essential health benefits and preexisting conditions protections. The Republican health plan would dramatically cut Medicaid, a program that provides healthcare for nearly 2 million veterans. And the President’s recently released budget takes it a step further by cutting veterans’ programs, including disability benefits. Even if this bill is incorporated into TrumpCare legislation, it would not undo the terrible cuts in the bill: enormous coverage losses, more than $800 billion worth of cuts to Medicaid, unravel important consumer protections or cuts to programs designed to help address the opioid addiction crisis in my State of Massachusetts and throughout the Nation. I am quite sure everyone in this institution at this moment and those who are viewing know somebody close to them who is addicted to opioids. In addition, Medicaid is now a program that many middle class Americans rely on for longterm care. Thanks to Medicare and Medicaid, your parents are not living in your attic. This bill does nothing to fix the Republican healthcare plan and could create new problems. If Republicans are serious about addressing middle class American healthcare needs, they should go back to the drawing board and start over and work with us. This exercise is a distraction from the real issue, which is the harm caused by the underlying TrumpCare bill. Instead, we should be considering issues that help hardworking Americans and their families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I agree with Ranking Member N EALthat this is just a difference of opinion. It is a difference of policy opinion. There is no animosity on either side of this debate. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2372, the Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now, or VETERAN, Act, which I am proud to sponsor along with Congressman SAMJOHNSON from Texas and a number of our colleagues. The VETERAN Act would codify an existing Internal Revenue Service regulation, allowing a veteran who is eligible for but not enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system to use a tax credit to purchase health insurance. Language that would have codified that regulation in law was removed from a draft version of the American Health Care Act in 2017 earlier this year to comply with Senate rules. While the removal of that language from the version of the bill that ultimately passed the House in no way changed existing regulation or a veteran’s eligibility to receive a tax credit pursuant to it, it did form a basis for politically charged assertions that the American Health Care Act would harm veterans. First, congressional intent is clear. Second, I am confident that the IRS would interpret the relevant language of the American Health Care Act in the same manner as it did similar language in the Affordable Care Act under the President Obama administration. Nevertheless, I am glad that the passage of the VETERAN Act today will, once and for all, put an end to posturing over this issue and codify Congress’ expectation that veterans who are eligible for but not enrolled in the VA healthcare system may continue to receive applicable tax credits to purchase health insurance. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the passage of the VETERAN Act today. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the VETERAN Act, the legislation before us today, and I do so for a very simple reason: This merely codifies what is already existing law under the Affordable Care Act, or socalled ObamaCare, something that was done through rulemaking that I presume has bipartisan support. b1245 Yes, it is important to protect the veterans, but the reason we are on the floor today is another example of one of the greatest legislative malpractice acts ever committed in Congress: trying to pass a Republican healthcare bill with no oversight, with no hearing, no public input, and no experts testifying to run the traps for us as far as the intended and the unintended consequences. The reason we are on the floor now 1 month after passage of that bill is to try to correct just one of the deficiencies that exist in it. I say it is a socalled healthcare bill because what it really is is a $900 billion tax break to the most wealthy individuals in our country, including insurance companies and drug companies, under the guise of healthcare reform and asking 23 million Americans, including 2 million veterans, as my friend from Massachusetts just pointed out, in Medicaid to give up their healthcare coverage to pay for that massive tax cut. It also will discriminate against older Americans in a rural congressional district, such as mine in western and north central Wisconsin, by allowing insurance companies to charge them higher premiums. It will also allow insurance companies to once again discriminate against individuals that have preexisting conditions. It does absolutely nothing to control the costs of healthcare—which have been rising—especially prescription drug costs that are affecting all Americans, and it was done in a way to jam this Congress and jam the American people about the consequences of this socalled healthcare bill. So, yes, let’s fix and make sure that we are protecting veterans who are getting their healthcare outside the VA medical center so that they, too, qualify for premium tax credits, which this legislation allows. But let’s do healthcare the right way by studying the implications of what will affect onefifth of the entire U.S. economy and almost onehalf of all Federal spending. Let’s regroup and do it the right way, through normal legislative process. That is having bipartisan discussions, committee hearings, and talking to the experts—consumers and patients alike—so we know what we are getting into when we are trying to take a run at the importance of healthcare in our country. One area that I think we can reach bipartisan agreement on or should be focused on are further steps to reduce the cost of healthcare to make it more affordable for all Americans. Again, we are missing that opportunity because of the lack of hearings and because of how this legislation was rushed through this Chamber just a month ago. We on this side didn’t even get to see the language of it until late the night before it was on the House floor. That is no way to legislate healthcare policy. Mr. Speaker, let’s fix it today with this one small piece of legislation. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), who is a well known advocate for veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin my remarks by offering my thoughts and prayers to Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE and his family, as well as Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, and the two other members of our community who were injured in yesterday’s attack. We are a family—from Members to staff, to the Capitol Police officers who keep us safe. Families have disagreements and arguments, but, in the end, we support each other. Speaker RYAN got it absolutely right yesterday: an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us. We owe it to the American people to hold a vigorous and public debate of our ideas, but we also owe it to them and to each other to do so without losing touch with our humanity. With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2372, which would protect access to tax credits for up to 7 million veterans on the American Health Care Act. However, I am concerned by the process that led to this legislation. In testimony to the Rules Committee and on the House floor, I described this loophole in the bill that jeopardizes access to tax credits for veterans who are eligible but not enrolled in the VA. Repeatedly, supporters of the AHCA told me that veterans’ tax credits would be protected by existing regulation. This bill is evidence that the loophole is an issue and that the existing regulation would no longer apply if the Affordable Care Act was repealed. While I am glad we are making this fix, I am concerned that the rushed process for considering the AHCA led to the House passing disruptive healthcare legislation without fully understanding its impact on millions of Americans, especially our Nation’s veterans. The tax credit issue is relatively easy to solve, but there are more complicated issues for veterans under the AHCA that require more comprehensive solutions. The $834 billion cut to Medicaid could impact nearly 2 million veterans. The potential for States to waive protections like essential health benefits could lead many veterans without health coverage for the invisible wounds of war. Indeed, military service could be construed as a preexisting condition. As someone who repeatedly called out this veterans loophole, I feel compelled to support this fix, but my support is not an endorsement of the AHCA or its impact on veterans and their families. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VETERAN Act, H.R. 2372. Our Nation’s veterans must have access to affordable, quality healthcare options. I know that is one thing, of course, everybody can agree on, particularly when it comes to our veterans. The VETERAN Act codifies an important protection for those who served. Veterans who are not already enrolled in health insurance through 
the VA will continue to have the option to purchase coverage on the individual insurance market. Under the American Health Care Act, those veterans seeking coverage on the individual market will be eligible for tax credits to purchase the plan that is right for them. It is only right. This bill ensures our veterans have more options and more control over their healthcare. Mr. Speaker, again, this is something we can all agree on. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge passage. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. 
b1300 BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 379, I call up the bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 379, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 2579 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Broader Options for Americans Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to add my thoughts and prayers for our colleague and friend, Congressman STEVE SCALISE, and the victims of yesterday’s shooting. May God be with them during this time. Mr. Speaker, my bill, Broader Options for Americans Act, is before us today. We have all heard about COBRA continuation coverage, which allows someone with group health insurance who experiences a qualifying life event to keep their jobbased coverage when they no longer have a job and, most importantly, their plan’s networks of providers—doctors, hospitals, et cetera—for a certain amount of time. Currently, consumers with COBRA coverage, who could face a cost of up to 102 percent of plan costs, are not eligible for ObamaCare’s Federal subsidies. My bill allows individuals who pay for the full cost of such continuation of coverage to qualify for the tax credit established under the American Health Care Act. This allows those consumers, including clergy, church lay workers, and their dependents who are experiencing similar circumstances and who get their coverage through church plans, who have been affected by sudden life changes to receive assistance to pay for their unsubsidized health premiums. This bill represents another step forward in our continuing work to help Americans access more options for true patientcentered healthcare. Mr. Speaker, this hits close to home for me. As a high school student, my dad lost his job of 25 years. I think the gentleman from Massachusetts has heard that story before. We, as a family, lost our healthcare and went into COBRA coverage. This is a solution that impacts people across America, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to express again, as I did earlier, the support we have for the Capitol Police and others for the good work they do every single day and extend our best wishes to Majority Whip SCALISE . My friend, Mr. TIBERI , who is managing time on the Republican side, said he was, I think, 17 years old. If he were here and had supported the Clinton healthcare bill, that never would have happened. That would be another way that we might want to look at. Mr. Speaker, as I said a bit ago, this is an unusual procedure. We are being asked to amend legislation that left the institution. Heaven knows where the Republican healthcare bill rests today. The President calls it mean; the Senate won’t tell us where they are, as they write the bill, and when it might emerge; and we find ourselves offering amendments to something that is not going to happen. H.R. 2579, the Broader Options for Americans Act, would allow premium tax credits to be used for unsubsidized COBRA coverage under TrumpCare. Unfortunately, this does nothing to fix the AHCA, the underlying measure this bill intends to amend. Older Americans are likely to rely on COBRA, and the AHCA would allow insurers to charge older Americans up to five times more than they charge younger Americans. The tax credits in H.R. 2579 would not make COBRA coverage any more affordable for the American people. In addition, it could potentially weaken the risk pool coverage because it would encourage older and sicker workers to remain on COBRA that could hurt small businesses. This is simply a backdoor way for States to discriminate against existing conditions. Because of weakening essential healthcare in the underlying 
TrumpCare bill, COBRA is going to be needed again to help people who leave employment for health reasons or have preexisting conditions. Let me remind the American people how we got here in the first place. Last month, Republicans brought TrumpCare to the House floor and passed it without a single Democrat supporting it. The measure, as passed, would take away health insurance for millions of Americans, raise premiums for working families, and place an age tax on older Americans. The bill is just one of the many promises the Republican leadership continues to make in an effort to twist arms for votes from their caucus to pass TrumpCare. I am also concerned that the House ignored important procedures when considering bills that are on the floor today. First, since the Republican bill passed, the CBO numbers confirmed the measure would force Americans to pay more for lower quality healthcare coverage. That is not in dispute. Second, this bill is not appropriate to consider now because it amends TrumpCare, and it hasn’t even passed the Senate. Even if this bill was incorporated into TrumpCare, it would not undo the terrible cuts included in the measure. It would leave 23 million Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $800 billion, discriminate against individuals with preexisting conditions; and will drastically raise premiums for older Americans. It would unravel important consumer protections or cut programs designed to address the opioid addiction crisis in my State of Massachusetts, and throughout the Nation. I am quite certain everyone here and watching this debate has someone close to them dealing with a drug or alcohol addiction. In addition, many middle class Americans rely on Medicaid for longterm care. That is beginning to resonate with the American people. This bill does nothing to fix the Republican repeal measure, as I have noted, and it is likely to create more and new problems. I encourage my Republican friends and colleagues to go back to the drawing board, craft a bill with us, and fix the problems in the Affordable Care Act. There is a chance to do that. Twentythree million more Americans have health insurance because of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now is not the time to retreat. In times like this, we should be advancing these arguments in this institution for hardworking Americans and their families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, on a personal basis, I have a tremendous amount of love and respect for Mr. NEAL. We, obviously, have a disagreement. I tell my daughters about how a bill becomes law, and I don’t need to tell the gentleman from Massachusetts how a bill becomes law, but we certainly, I think, believe that there are opportunities to not only improve what you say is the Affordable Care Act but the bill that we passed. That is what we are doing today. I hope to work with him to continue to do that, as the Senate passes its own bill, and, hopefully, go to a conference committee. Hopefully, the gentleman will be on that conference committee. Mr. NEAL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. TIBERI. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. NEAL. What is a conference committee? When is the last time one of those occurred in this institution? Mr. TIBERI. Reclaiming my time, not lately. Two years ago. One of the frustrations about the CBO report that never gets reported is the fact that millions of people will choose not to have healthcare. That is what the CBO says. It is not often repeated in the national media or on the floor here, but I would just kind of remind everybody that, often, the other side of the aisle speaks a lot about choice and the freedom to choose. And with respect to healthcare, that is what millions of people will do, according to CBO. I would also like to remind my friend—and I do mean that—that there are millions of Americans in my State alone who have insurance but don’t have the choice of provider they once had or the choice of a hospital they once had. That is pretty traumatic. There are people who have insurance, but premiums have doubled and tripled in the last several years and outof pocket expenses for those who are not subsidized have gone to levels that are unprecedented. I surely appreciate and would remind the gentleman from Massachusetts that this bill before us today simply says that we expand choices, we expand options for Americans by allowing them for the very first time to receive financial assistance if they lose their healthcare insurance. I know it is not perfect, but it is good. I hope that we can improve on all these aspects that the gentleman and I have talked about today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 379, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 267, nays 144, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 308] YEAS—267 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions SheaPorter Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Blunt Rochester Cole Cummings Gohmert Harris Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Labrador Napolitano Norcross Payne Reed Rouzer Scalise Simpson Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) 
b1340 Messrs. CICILLINE, CONYERS, HECK, and BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. CORREA, Ms. SHEAPORTER, Messrs. LYNCH, COHEN, and BISHOP of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 15, 2017, I was unable to vote on rollcall No. 308: Passage of H.R. 2579, ‘‘Broader Options for Americans Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 15, I was absent from votes on account of attending funeral, and had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Rollcall No. 308—‘‘yea.’’ ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of asking the majority leader the schedule for the week to come, I want to just make a comment. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, this House and, indeed, the Nation was shaken by the horrific shooting in Alexandria. We just, unanimously, passed the majority leader’s resolution. All of us are praying for the safe recovery of our friend and colleague Majority Whip STEVE  SCALISE and others who were injured yesterday. STEVE is the majority whip and I am the minority whip, and we are, therefore, in some respects, adversaries, but we are also friends. I am keeping him, his wife, Jennifer, and their children in my thoughts today. Mr. Speaker, as you probably know, STEVE loves baseball. All of us have seen the broad smile on his face as he has taken to the field as a pinch runner in games past, wearing his University of Louisiana Ragin’ Cajun jersey and scoring runs for his Republican team. I am saddened—and I know all of us are—that we won’t be able to see him on the field today running, hitting, and scoring; but, Mr. Speaker, we know that STEVE is a fighter, and I am sure we will be seeing him running the bases again in next year’s Congressional Baseball Game. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I am going to wear a Tshirt that says ‘‘Team Scalise.’’ His staff gave it to me yesterday. We took some pizza by their office and talked to each one of them. We have had good relations between our two offices. We have worked together on a lot of things and, yes, we have opposed from time to time, but we are friends. I am also keeping in my thoughts the members of the Capitol Police, who keep us all safe. I am one of those who is blessed to have a detail because I am one of the leaders. Members of the Capitol Police are assigned specifically to try to make sure that I am safe—and, yes, those around me—as STEVE ’s detail did yesterday, courageously and heroically. I know the majority leader shares my view that every day that a member of the Capitol Police gets out of bed, puts 
a badge in their wallet or on their chest, a gun on their hip, and leaves their home, they do so with a commitment to protect this institution, its Members, and, yes, the public who visit their House, their Senate, their Congress. We cannot say enough about our Capitol Police. They are extraordinarily well trained, but, also, they are extraordinarily courageous and committed to serving this institution, its Members, and our country. We are, of course, thankful for the courage and quick response of those officers who were at the ball field yesterday, and we pray for their full and speedy recovery. And we do the same for the staffer and the former staffer who were also injured in that attack. Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY), my friend, with whom I also have worked in a constructive way on so many occasions for the country. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his comments. Yesterday was a long and emotional day for the people in this House. A cowardly act of violence was directed at our friends, our colleagues, and our democracy. We are currently praying for all those injured and their families—Matt Mika, Zack Barth, Special Agent Crystal Griner, Special Agent David Bailey, and Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE . These individuals are strong and, as you said, they are fighters, and they should know that they have the full love and support of this House. But, Mr. Speaker, even in the face of this great evil, we saw amazing bravery yesterday. Special Agents Griner and Bailey put their lives on the line. They saved countless others. There is no other way to put it, but they are heroes. Yesterday could have ended with many deaths. They ran out in order to draw the fire away from the Members. This attacker moved down the third baseline to home base, where the majority of the players had been sitting in the dugout of first base, lying on the ground, and even a 10yearold son, whom they would hover over on top of. He tried to make his movement there. Crystal had already been wounded. But as I talked to the agents yesterday in the hospital, they said that they wished they could have even done more, having drawn the fire away and saving so many lives. We will be forever grateful for their courageous actions and those of all of our Capitol Police, who are truly the best in the business. As we end this week, I do want to take the time to thank our men and women in uniform and keep them all in our prayers for their recovery. Yesterday I spent a large portion of the day at the hospital, yes, seeing the agents and seeing and praying for our majority whip. I have known STEVE  SCALISE for more than 20 years. Before either of us were ever elected to any office, we got involved in politics in Young Republicans. I was the national chairman, and he was the State chair of Louisiana. We developed a friendship, a camaraderie, and a passion for making the country better. I know what Jennifer and the kids are going through, but our prayers are with them, and he will definitely come back and play in that baseball game. So, Mr. Speaker, before I move on with the schedule for next week, because of everything that happened yesterday, I missed doing something important as well. I want to wish my friend, Mr. HOYER , a belated happy birthday. I hope my friend enjoyed a nice slice of his favorite desert: pineapple upsidedown cake. I do want it noted that, even on his birthday, he took the time to make sure the staff of STEVE SCALISE had something to eat, and they appreciated that greatly. They appreciated his visit. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. b1400 On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. One suspension worth highlighting is H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, sponsored by our own Representative GLENN THOMPSON . You may know him, Mr. Speaker. This bill would expand experience based learning opportunities and support greater collaboration between schools and employers. Mr. Speaker, 65 percent of today’s grade school kids will work in a job that is yet to be invented. It is vital we provide our students with the skills necessary to succeed in an everevolving workplace, and that is exactly what this bill aims to do. Along those same lines, the House will consider H.R. 2842, the Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act, sponsored by Representative CARLOSCURBELO . Under this bill, employers would partner with State and local agencies in an effort to hire TANF recipients and provide them with onthe job training. There is no substitute for a good job, and, by passing this bill, the House will take a positive step toward getting more Americans back to work. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider two bills from the Natural Resources Committee. First, H.R. 1873, the Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act, sponsored by DOUG LAMALFA . This bipartisan legislation would streamline the process for removing hazardous trees, helping to lower the risk of forest fires, while ensuring a reliable electrical infrastructure. And second, H.R. 1654, the Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act, sponsored by Representative TOMMCCLINTOCK . This bill provides the framework for creating a onestopshop permitting agency, ensuring the vital water storage projects that are so badly needed are not delayed by red tape. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his information. Mr. Speaker, it is a time for us to be together, to be united as Americans, not as Republicans or Democrats, Liberals or Conservatives, and I thank the majority leader for his leadership in that effort and in remembering Officers Griner and Bailey and Cabrera, and all of their colleagues in the Capitol Police, and with our prayers for STEVE  SCALISE and the others who have been injured. I thank the majority leader, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 2017, TO TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 2017 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. tomorrow; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, June 20, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
HAPPY FATHER’S DAY TO STEVE SCALISE (Mr. RUSH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, it is with a determined spirit that I come to the floor today to wish our friend, my friend, our colleague, STEVE SCALISE , a Happy Father’s Day. 
Mr. Speaker, we pray for S TEVE ’s full recovery as he fights for his life at a hospital near here in our Nation’s Capital. We pray for STEVE ’s family, for their strength, and for their comfort during this most difficult time. Today, Mr. Speaker, we all join together in a spirit of family and love, to send our love to STEVE . Jennifer, Harrison, Madison, you are in our prayers. STEVE , get well soon. Happy Father’s Day. In spite of it all, Happy Father’s Day. 
THANKING THE KELLETT FAMILY FOR THEIR SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY (Mr. BACON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, in light of yesterday’s tragedy, I think it is important to remember those who keep our communities safe, including our military, law enforcement, and first responders. In addition to those groups, I believe educators are also heroes. Today, I want to highlight a family from my hometown of Papillion, Nebraska, the Kelletts, whose story represents what it means to be heroes and servants of our Nation. Bill Kellett recently retired as the director of the PapillionLa Vista South High School band, and was a music educator for 33 years. His students were featured in two Presidential inaugural parades and marched in the 2000 millennium celebration in London. His wife, Andrea, is also a longtime educator who taught history and directed the Titan guard and legion units. Three of their sons currently serve as airmen, and a fourth one is also a teacher in our community. Last December, Captain Kyle Kellett, one of their sons, was recognized with the Lieutenant General William H. Tunner Award as the commander of the most outstanding airlift crew in the United States Air Force. As civil war was raging in Yemen, thenSecretary of Defense Ash Carter ordered all U.S. personnel out of the country, and that is when Captain Kellett and his crew put their lives on the line to protect their fellow Americans. Their nofail mission was flown at night, over the wartorn country, in bad weather, and with little time for planning. Captain Kellett and his crew quickly evacuated 70 Americans only hours before militants overran their location. His leadership and crew were nothing short of heroic. This is a proud allAmerican family. I want to thank the Kellett family for their service to our country. 
NEVADA WON’T BACK DOWN (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, today, Energy and Commerce’s Environment Subcommittee advanced a bill that would ram Yucca Mountain down the throats of Nevadans. Among its many faults, the bill usurps the State’s water rights. Now, this is unethical, it is certainly intellectually dishonest, and it is probably unconstitutional. Republican lawmakers have long touted states’ rights as a basic tenet of our democracy. What they must really mean is states’ rights apply to their States but not to Nevada. They also took great pride in opposing the waters of the U.S. regulations, saying it was Federal overreach and outrageous power grab. Well, so much for principle. Now it is a different story. Taking a state’s water rights sets a dangerous precedent. If they can do it to Nevada, they can do it to you. If they can take our water, they can take your water. In the West, we say that water is worth fighting for. Whiskey is for drinking. Well, we are not giving up this fight. f 
WELCOMING PENNSYLVANIA FARM BUREAU INTERNS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week, I had the opportunity to meet with students interning with the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. The Pennsylvania Farm Bureau is the Commonwealth’s largest farm organization, with a volunteer membership of more than 60,000 members. Since 1950, it has provided legislative support, information, and services to Pennsylvania’s farmers and rural families. The Farm Bureau provides its members with representation, both in Washington and their State Capitol of Harrisburg concerning legislation and rulemaking. Its grassroots structure allows county farm bureaus and their leaders to develop and implement policies which are then determined at an annual meeting. I am always pleased to meet with our farm leaders of tomorrow. Through this internship, students interested in pursuing a career in the agriculture sector are afforded a firsthand experience to further understand farmland preservation, commodity pricing, property rights, land management, and much more. Mr. Speaker, agriculture is Pennsylvania’s number one industry. As vice chairman of the House Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee, it gives me great hope for the future to see our youth engaging in policy issues that impact our farmers. I look forward to them pursuing their own careers in the agriculture sector. GOD BLESS STEVE SCALISE AND ALL THOSE INJURED IN THE SHOOTING OF JUNE 14, 2017 (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that my thoughts and prayers are with our colleague, STEVE SCALISE , and the others who were injured as a result of the horrific shooting yesterday morning. This makes us realize how vulnerable we all are and, in serving our country, we risk a lot of things from time to time. The people who were injured, besides Congressman SCALISE , the brave first responders who probably saved many more lives as a result, what can we say, other than thank you to the first responders all over this country who save us day in and day out. The other young people, the staffer and lobbyist, everyone who was injured yesterday, my thoughts and prayers are with them as well. STEVE is a tough guy, and I know he is going to heal quickly, and I know he is going to get better and have a full recovery, so I just wanted to wish him a good Father’s Day. Let the small pleasures of life come back to him because he deserves it. I want him and his family to know that our thoughts are with them during this difficult time. We are all in the same family together, the congressional family. And it matters not what party you belong to, but the fact is we are all there to serve our constituents and help America. So God bless America, God bless STEVE SCALISE and all the people who were injured. We are not going to stop until they are brought back home and mending and recovered 100 percent. 
WELCOMING THE DEVIL BRIGADE BACK HOME (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, more than 3,000 soldiers with the Army’s 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, are headed home to Fort Riley in my district this month after a 9month deployment in South Korea. Also known as the ‘‘Devil Brigade,’’ these soldiers have been stationed in South Korea since October of last year. During their deployment, these American soldiers have trained closely with their South Korean partners, deterring North Korean hostility and providing security in the Korean Peninsula. This service is invaluable. These soldiers and families sacrificed greatly during their deployment. As the Devil Brigade begins to journey back home to Fort Riley, may I be the first to thank them for their service and say ‘‘Welcome Home.’’ 
CELEBRATING JUNETEENTH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we reflect on our colleagues and pray for their speedy recovery, let me stop for a moment to pay tribute to a very special time in certain parts of the United States now being celebrated, really, across the land. As I go home this weekend, we will be celebrating, commemorating Juneteenth. As President Lincoln gave the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, my constituency’s ancestors did not hear of the freeing of the slaves until more than 2
1⁄2years later when Major Granger landed in Galveston to announce that the slaves were free and emancipated. It is a serious time to honor those and the legacies of all of those who gave to this country, and we celebrate it with excitement and honor and dignity. Today, or this weekend, I am excited that we will rededicate the Emancipation Park. We will name the street Emancipation Street. We are delighted that the OST/Almeda TIRZ donated $33 million, along with foundations, to the city of Houston and community dollars. We will acknowledge those who bought the land, some many, many years ago, and this restoration will give the opportunity, not only for those in the Third Ward, where I am privileged to represent, and all of those heroes and sheroes, but it will be a park that will welcome everyone, from not only around the community and the city, but it will welcome those from across the Nation. Today, I introduce a Juneteenth resolution honoring Juneteenth with 51 plus sponsors. I am proud to acknowledge that, yes, we got the news late, but we celebrate freedom and we recognize that America is at her greatest because we are free, and freedom is cherished. To all the fathers across the land, to my husband and relatives, and in memory of my late father, Ezra C. Jackson, I honor those who celebrate Father’s Day as well on Sunday. Happy Father’s Day. 
b1415 SUPPORTING STATEHOOD OF PUERTO RICO (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege last Sunday to be an observer in Puerto Rico for the plebiscite and watch the people of Puerto Rico make the decision that they would like to be the 51st State. I think it is time for this Congress to make the 3,400,000 American citizens part of the United States—in full grandeur, as every one of us have—and have a chance of making sure we can vote for everyone to be part of this. I think it is time that America should stop colonizing. If I am not mistaken, this is the last Nation that has a colony. The great America of the United States has a colony, and I think it is time that we change that. Vote in Congress to make sure that we have the 51st State. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to join my friend who has been such a great leader in dealing with those who have associations with our country but are not States. I join with his remarks. The Puerto Rican election that was held overwhelmingly voted for statehood as the option of governance they wanted to pursue. It is now, it seems to me, the responsibility of the United States Congress and the administration to recognize the overwhelming sentiment of the Puerto Rican people, expressed in a free and open election. f 
SUPPORTING STATEHOOD OF PUERTO RICO (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) for his leadership on this effort, a Representative on the most recent State. I didn’t want to take all of his time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Maryland, STENY HOYER , for the support. It is going to take a lot of effort. There is a lot of naysayers out there. But, again, I believe so strongly that we treat every American equally. This is a civil rights issue, and they have voted 97 percent in favor of statehood. As you know, I led this battle with your help in 1997. We had a vote, and, with your side, I won by one vote. Puerto Rico and Alaska didn’t go anywhere, but I ask every American to think about it. Let’s make this the last colony. Let’s make this the 51st State. 
PRAYING FOR VICTIMS OF CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL TRAGEDY (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, 1 Corinthians 12:26 reads: 
If one member suffers, all the members suffer together. 
I stand today to show my support for my colleague, Congressman STEVE SCALISE, his wife, and his family. We pray for their strength, their courage, and their faith as they deal with the unthinkable. I pray for STEVE ’s speedy recovery. We know he is a fighter, and we pray he will be back soon fighting for the people of Louisiana’s First District. We offer prayers for Matt and his family, who was also injured during the shooting. I rise today to remember the courageous Capitol Police officers who were injured; our heroes. If not for their bravery, more people could have been wounded and possibly killed. They risk their lives to protect us. The U.S. Capitol Police do this every day for us, for our staff, and for the public. We stand together during this challenging time. When it happens to one of us, it happens to all of us. 
COMMENDING CAPITOL POLICE FOR OUTSTANDING BRAVERY AND COURAGE (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘As a law enforcement officer, my fundamental duty is to serve mankind; to safeguard lives and property; to protect the innocent against deception, the weak against oppression or intimidation, and the peaceful against violence or disorder. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, that is the first paragraph of the Law Enforcement Code of Ethics that every law enforcement officer across this country swears to upon their becoming a law enforcement officer and accepting that badge. I can tell you, yesterday, during the horrible event that took place, Officers Bailey and Griner with the Capitol Hill Police performed their duties above and beyond the expected. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take this opportunity on behalf of law enforcement officers across America to thank them for doing their job with such outstanding bravery and courage. I also want to let the Scalise family and the Mika family know that they are in our prayers. We pray for their speedy recovery. God bless. 
LOVE NOTE TO MADISON AND HARRISON SCALISE AND SPEEDY RECOVERY TO ALL (Ms. SPEIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to join with all of my colleagues in recognizing the heroism of David Bailey and Crystal Griner, wishing them a speedy recovery, and that they take time to recover emotionally as well. I also want to extend a love note to the children of STEVE SCALISE . This is a love note to Madison and Harrison: Father’s Day is on Sunday, and I know for both of you it is going to be 
really difficult because dad is in the hospital, and you are concerned about his wellbeing. He loves you very much, and he is beloved here in this Chamber. Know that he will recover. He will be able to read with you and play ball with you. And what he needs most from you on this Father’s Day is just to have you there, to hug him, and to love him, and to kiss him, and to know that he is the best dad in the world. God bless you both. 
PRAYERS AND SPEEDY RECOVERY TO ALL INJURED IN BASEBALL SHOOTING (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor consumed by great sadness. Yesterday’s attack, as we have all heard, was an attack on the entire United States Congress. It is even more tragic that this attack occurred during a practice for one of the most bipartisan traditions in the Congress. I stand here with my colleagues hoping for a speedy recovery for my dear colleague, Representative STEVE SCALISE. My thoughts and prayers are with him, but also for all of the others that were injured, for all of their families, and for all of their loved ones. It is clear we all know that, without Capitol Police on duty with Representative SCALISE , there would have been many more victims. I want to express my deepest gratitude to those officers who put their lives on the line, but I also want to pray for them and all those who were injured. I ask and I hope for their speedy recovery. 
PRAYING FOR A FULL RECOVERY TO THOSE INJURED IN BASEBALL TRAGEDY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, my heart is with the families and the loved ones of our colleagues, House Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE , and all those injured yesterday: Crystal Griner, David Bailey, Matt Mika, and Zack Barth. STEVE , we are all praying for you and your wife, Jennifer, and your children. We wish you a happy Father’s Day and a full recovery. To the U.S. Capitol Police, you showed yesterday why you are the best at what you do. David Bailey and Crystal Griner, without hesitation, leaped into action. Had they not done that, the story could be very different today. We are grateful for your service yesterday and every day. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. ROUZER (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a funeral. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1083. An act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, June 16, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1393. A bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States (Rept. 115–180). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 2188. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–181). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 625. A bill to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding incidents of terrorism, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–182). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 2901. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grant program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. SCHRADER , and Mr. K ATKO ): H.R. 2902. A bill to amend part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act to provide full Federal funding of such part; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 2903. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to promulgate regulations that establish a national standard for determining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. DELANEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. FOSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Ms. NORTON , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. KEATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K IND, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. RASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. RUSH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S OTO, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2904. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the discharge characterization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 2905. A bill to require the Attorney General to establish procedures for expedited review of the case of any person who unlawfully solicits personal information for purposes of committing identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. BERA): H.R. 2906. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the designation of general surgery shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2907. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop and publish an allofthe above quadrennial Federal onshore energy production strategy to meet domestic energy needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. SARBANES , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. WELCH , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. KEATING , Mr. E VANS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 2908. A bill to direct Federal departments and agencies to perform certain functions to ensure that climate changerelated impacts are fully considered in the development of national security doctrine, policies, and plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, Science, Space, and Technology, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. AMASH , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. BUDD, Mr. B UCK, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. B LUM, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. A LLEN ): H.R. 2909. A bill to require reciprocity between the District of Columbia and other States and jurisdictions with respect to the ability of individuals to carry certain concealed firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. OLSON , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York): H.R. 2910. A bill to provide for Federal and State agency coordination in the approval of certain authorizations under the Natural Gas Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mrs. TORRES , Mr. H URD, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. NEWHOUSE ): H.R. 2911. A bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the National Museum of the American Latino, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. LAMBORN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. M AST): 
H.R. 2912. A bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile defense system of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself and Mr. KATKO ): H.R. 2913. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to schoolbased comprehensive mental health programs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 2914. A bill to authorize assistance for antitunnel defense capabilities for Israel; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. COLE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. POCAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. NORTON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T ED LIEU of California, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. KILMER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SABLAN , and Ms. HANABUSA ): H.R. 2915. A bill to repeal section 3003 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 2916. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , Mr. D UNN, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. MASSIE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. TIPTON , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York): H.R. 2917. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify when the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency has the authority to prohibit the specification of a defined area, or deny or restrict the use of a defined area for specification, as a disposal site under section 404 of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself and Mr. LIPINSKI ): H.R. 2918. A bill to intensify stem cell research showing evidence of substantial clinical benefit to patients, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. S WALWELL of California): H.R. 2919. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide that an individual may remain eligible to participate in the teacher loan forgiveness program under title IV of such Act if the individual’s period of consecutive years of employment as a full time teacher is interrupted because the individual is the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is relocated during the school year pursuant to military orders for a permanent change of duty station, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska): H.R. 2920. A bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. POLIS, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. BUCK, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T IPTON, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 2921. A bill to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National Forest System land to better protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfire, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 2922. A bill to reform and improve the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. PALAZZO , and Mr. R ICHMOND ): H.R. 2923. A bill to designate the Gulf of Mexico Alliance as a regional coordination partnership of Federal and State actions related to the management of the Gulf of Mexico ecosystem, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. N EAL, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. K EATING ): H.R. 2924. A bill to amend the National Security Act of 1947 to establish the National Russian Threat Response Center within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCGOVERN: H.R. 2925. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage for wigs as durable medical equipment under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Ms. FUDGE ): H.R. 2926. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to disclose hazing incidents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2927. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include apprentices as members of targeted groups for purposes of the work opportunity credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself and Mr. SIRES): H.R. 2928. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations to require air carriers to disclose to consumers the actual wheelsoff and wheelson times for certain domestic passenger flight segments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 2929. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income certain combat zone compensation of civilian employees of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 385. A resolution expressing gratitude for the heroic actions of the United States Capitol Police and other first responders in the attack on Members of Congress on June 14, 2017, and expressing hope for a full recovery for the injured; considered and agreed to. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. MOORE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. PALLONE , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. VELA, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R USH, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. LEE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. CLAY, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mrs. TORRES , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. LEVIN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, and Mr. V ARGAS ): H. Res. 386. A resolution recognizing June 19, 2017, as this year’s observance of the historical significance of Juneteenth Independence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. PELOSI , and Mr. SWALWELL of California): H. Res. 387. A resolution congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their historic championship victory in the 2017 National Basketball Association Finals; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself and Mr. FOSTER ): H. Res. 388. A resolution congratulating and honoring Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory on 50 years of groundbreaking discoveries; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 389. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the need to reduce the influence of money in politics; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
62. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 8, urging Congress not to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or its most important provisions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 63. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 12, rescinding Senate Joint Resolution No. 1 of the 78th Session of the Nevada Legislature and expressing support for the retention of federal management and control of federal public lands in this State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 64. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 13, expressing the support of the Nevada Legislature for certain recommendations relating to the conservation of wildlife in this State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 65. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, urging Congress to enact the Marketplace Fairness Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 66. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 4, urging Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution to allow the governments of the United States to regulate and limit political contributions and expenditures to protect the integrity of elections and the equal right of all Americans to effective representation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 67. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 219, urging relevant federal and State authorities to investigate actions taken by Argentina’s stateowned oil company, YPF S.A., to discharge its Superfund obligations in New Jersey through federal bankruptcy proceedings; jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 2901. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2902. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 2903. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 2904. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 2905. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 2906. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2907. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section 3 clause 2 By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 2908. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 2909. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, and Article 1, Section 8, which gives Congress the authority to legislate for the District of Columbia. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 2910. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN: H.R. 2911. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 2912. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: H.R. 2913. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2914. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 2915. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 3. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2916. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 2917. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (relating to regulation of Commerce among the several states.) By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 2918. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 2919. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘. . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 2920. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 2921. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in article IV section 3 clause 2 of the Constitution. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 2922. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 2923. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 2924. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—To provide for calling 
forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the 
Union, suppress Insurrections, and repel Invasions; By Mr. MCGOVERN: H.R. 2925. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 2926. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2927. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 2928. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 2929. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. H OYER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. AGUILAR , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. E STY of Con necticut, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. KIND, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 38: Mr. BACON , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 44: Mr. LUCAS and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 113: Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 299: Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 303: Mr. WELCH , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 358: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 360: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 379: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 380: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 389: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 398: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. LEE, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 422: Mr. WALBERG , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. POEof Texas, and Mr. J ORDAN . H.R. 490: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 502: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. CORREA . H.R. 564: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi and Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 620: Mr. SUOZZI and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 635: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 638: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 719: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 721: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 741: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 778: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 820: Mr. COSTA , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor ida, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. VARGAS , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 830: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 846: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. VEASEY , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 848: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 849: Mrs. LOVE, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 911: Mr. CARBAJAL and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 964: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 976: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1006: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1017: Mr. COURTNEY and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1057: Mr. ISSA, Mr. D UNN, Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. REED. H.R. 1083: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 1090: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1143: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1158: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 1164: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 1247: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 1253: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. LANCE , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1291: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1344: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1361: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1377: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1379: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 1406: Mr. MCEACHIN and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1413: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1419: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 1441: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1445: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1467: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 1480: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 1501: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 1539: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. BLACKBURN , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1551: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 1617: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 1626: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. L IPINSKI. H.R. 1652: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 1661: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 1676: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1681: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1697: Mr. SARBANES , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. DUNN, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1698: Mr. WALZ, Mr. D UNN, and Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1730: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1733: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 1759: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1771: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 1781: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 1818: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. R OSEN , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. SUOZZI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K IND, and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1838: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 1861: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 1881: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 1928: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 1969: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1970: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1997: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2023: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 2056: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2059: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2069: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 2087: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 2091: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 2106: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. P EARCE , Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2130: Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 2135: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2142: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 2150: Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. CULBERSON , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 2152: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 2200: Mr. EVANS , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2203: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2228: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 2240: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 2245: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2248: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2262: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 2276: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 2315: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 2321: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 2327: Mr. NOLAN , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. POLIQUIN , and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 2366: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2397: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2401: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S HEAPORTER, and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2417: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. PERLMUTTER , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 2421: Mr. O’HALLERAN and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 2434: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 2437: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 2484: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2491: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2495: Ms. NORTON , Mr. C OLE, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. D IAZBALART , and Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 2505: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Ms. ROSEN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 2519: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2589: Mr. PALAZZO and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2601: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 2621: Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 2651: Ms. STEFANIK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 2659: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2703: Mr. BERA. H.R. 2712: Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 2746: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 2747: Mr. SOTOand Mr. M AST. H.R. 2756: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2788: Mr. POCAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. COHEN , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 2801: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 2820: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2823: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 2834: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 2840: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2847: Mrs. LAWRENCE and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2851: Mr. FASO, Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2854: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. 
H.R. 2856: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B OST, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. GAETZ , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. KNIGHT , and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 2858: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2866: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 2868: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2871: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 2875: Mr. MEEKS and Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2884: Mr. COSTA , Mr. R USH, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 2895: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. LEE, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. BASS. H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. B RAT. H.J. Res. 102: Mr. LABRADOR . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. H UDSON, and Mr. P OSEY . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. CUMMINGS and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 15: Mr. PERRY and Mr. S MUCKER . H. Res. 28: Mr. SMUCKER . H. Res. 31: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 58: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. C HABOT . H. Res. 85: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Res. 188: Mr. SCHIFF and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H. Res. 219: Mr. PETERSON . H. Res. 276: Mr. SCHIFF . H. Res. 279: Mr. HASTINGS . H. Res. 311: Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. H ECK. H. Res. 317: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. D ONOVAN. H. Res. 318: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H. Res. 353: Mr. EVANS and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H. Res. 359: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. LATTA , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PASCRELL , and Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN . H. Res. 372: Mr. EVANS . H. Res. 376: Mrs. HARTZLER . H. Res. 380: Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. MAST, and Mr. E NGEL . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3505 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 2017 No. 102 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 